First time here at recommendation of local colleague/friend. Delicious food, warm atmosphere (check out the beautiful short story that literally overlooks everything there) and, despite being busy, the staff made sure I was paid attention to.I live in Brooklyn but I will journey up to Queens again for Duzan.DuZan got a much needed and well deserved face lift. I stopped going to this place years ago because I felt like the twin brother that worked/owned the place were always rude and would say comments that crossed the line- however I am on a 21 day vegan fast and needed a delicious option so I went back a couple of days ago. Lucky for me the brothers weren't there! I ordered the falafel platter- let me start off by saying falafel is not my favorite I would never order it otherwise but the one at DuZan can't be beat- it's delicious and fresh- not sure how they do it! The hummus, tahini, rice, and Sheppard's salad are all amazing. Their wraps are great too and the price is VERY reasonable. Their current employees are super friendly, personable, and respectful :)My place of choice for the next couple of weeks!Really good seamless delivery! You get A LOT of food for the price you pay. The bowls are great, I had the chicken shawarma one and it could easily feed two people. Get the hummus, it's really good too. I also had the falafel side, which comes with nine pieces. They're small, but decent. Is It the best falafel, no, but it certainly hit the spot.Delivery was right on time, though everything got a little messy during the ride over. Whatever, I pour hummus all over my shawarma anyway...Very good place for somewhat authentic lebanese food in a jiffy! I had gotten the Chicken Shawarma platter with hummus and rice (~$9)and the quantity of food lasted me 3 meals. Tip: definitely get the green garlic sauce! Skip the Baba Ghannouj, pretty flavorless; we thought we were mistakenly given hummus. Also, it can get pretty busy and space is limited inside so be prepared to possibly take your food to go.Consistently delicious food.  Great service every time... if you haven't hit up Duzan you are missing out.  My go to is the Chicken Schwarma Pita with everything, add spicy harrisah and duzan sauce for the win.  And if you are lucky enough to have Toka at the counter you will get to experience the best Arab hospitality in Astoria!Best Middle Eastern food i tried on Steinway. Their food is fresh and portions are large. I just love their chicken shawarma and falafel.awesome awesome food for very cheap. they might not appear so, but everyone working there is very friendly and happy to explain anything to you. Healthy and tasty food. Open late and fast delivery. Great selection of plates and sandwiches. Their shawarma tastes so good and they have their unique and authentic dressing... try it and you'll see, I'm sure you'll come back.PRO'SGood Mediterranean food friendly staff CON'SThe line can be long sometimes but the guys behind the line move pretty quickly.A MUST TRY!!!!!!!!!Small Mediterranean place i found near the hotel! I have to say i enjoyed the food! Once you walk in you get that smell of rich and flavorful food. You can chose between pita, burrito and a bowl, which is almost the same as small, medium large. They had so many protein options, therefore i decided to have the all i have meat, with chicken kebab, shawarma and grilled chicken topped of with fries and hummus and their house made sauces. When i comeback to queens, expect a visit from me :).Had lunch here today thanks to a visiting relative who said this was his favorite cuisine. Well, that and because I Yelped local spots who served up this cuisine and because Duzan was not terribly far away and was highly rated, esp. by Yelp Elites.So first thing to take note of is that this is located at a notoriously busy area and street parking is often a dicey proposition. God was smiling on us on this rainy day as we saw a spot right on the block open up just as I was driving up. I knew we were meant to eat here today and the food confirmed it.First impressions upon walking in is that it's an attractive place with high ceilings that make the place look even bigger than the square footage. The second impression is that the place smells incredible and that we would likely walk out of here wreaking of this deliciousness.For lunch, they only had chicken (we were told that beef and lamb would only be served after 6pm) so the 4 of us all ordered a chicken shawarma. I was initially disappointed that we could only have the chicken as I was going to order the "Have It All" platter which would have given me 3 meats of my choosing. However, as soon as I took one big bite of the shawarma, my disappointment was turned into satisfaction. I ordered my shawarma loaded with everything they would normally add in but without adding anything additional. The chicken was tender and full of flavor and everything they added in only enhanced the flavor without masking it.My son got a side of fries and I ordered a side of falafels (9 per order), foul mudammas & pita, and tabouleh for the adults to share. All this plus 2 sodas and 2 bottles of water came out to ONLY $53! I say "only" but in reality this was much more food than we needed...even with us having built up a nice appetite before coming in. We took a lot of the foul mudammas and tabouleh home. Plus, wife and son couldn't even finish off their shawarmas (full disclosure: their appetite is more easily sated than mine).Everything tasted fresh, healthy (all things considered), and made w. quality ingredients.The dining area is sufficiently attractive and clean and young lady at the counter was very polite and friendly.I am most definitely coming back here...but probably not soon enough. Heck, I'll gladly park and walk a few blocks if I have to. It's probably just going to build up my appetite and can help me burn a few delicious calories when I walk back.This is one of the better middle eastern food spots in astoria. They have all your classic shawarma, hummous, falafel, fattoush, etc.Pros: really good food and huge portions, close to the middle eastern dessert place around the corner.Cons: super hard to find parkimg around, lamb shawarma only available for lunch not dinner. Fattoush isn't exactly fattpush in the traditional sense, it has home made croutons in it. They taste good, but thats not fattoush.They got one of best wraps in Queens. Steinway is full of Arabian restaurants but this place they are the best at what they do. Price wise it's moderate cause the food worth every penny. I would suggest everyone try the chicken swarma.They can't handle their volume. Gave me the wrong hummus, then when corrected the order. Ended up overcharging me for the more expensive one. Didn't give pita [it was a large hummus]. The woman at the cashier must be new because she couldn't focus on one customer at a time. She was literally all over the place. I had to ask for hot sauce three times before she finally gave me. I literally just walked out after that didn't even bother with the missing pita or overcharge. So disorganized. Food is great though. I have nothing negative to say about the food. But they need to be more people upfront to handle volume.Amazing food, amazing prices. Super authentic and you get alot of food for what you pay for. The flavors are vibrant and different then anything I have ever tasted before with this type of cuisine. I would recommend either uber or public transport to get here as parking can be a nightmare. Customer service is great, got my food really quickly, even when it was quite busy!Duzan is definitely one of the best shawarmas I've had in NYC. You get to select a meat type and different sides.Their hummus and bread are both well made. It's also relatively fast. Get the fries with your bowl and it's usually enough for 2 meals!Tip: Personally, I prefer coming in the evening - as during the day they exclusively have chicken shawarma and you can't combine other types of meat.I don't know how I could ever forgive myself for not coming in here sooner. It's insane how many times in my lifetime I have passed by. It was by luck that I so happen to stumble in the other day and had for the first time the most delicious chicken shawarma.  The shawarma is a pita stuffed full with chicken and a tangy pickled slaw. The flavors in the shawarma were mind blowing! Cumin, coriander, and black pepper are some of the flavors that stand out the most. You really can't go wrong with this monster of a sandwich for only $7. They have a variety of sauces to choose from but I went with the 'Duzan' sauce and I didn't regret it. So far I've had a chicken shawarma sandwich two nights in a row for dinner. It's that good!!!Delicious authentic middle eastern food. Excelente service. Quality meal. Fair price. All food is warm and the meat is grilled at the moment.Love this place!I live close by and decided to give it a try and I'm very happy I did. I had a bowl with chicken schnitzel, rice and fries. The food is great, it tastes very fresh and at a good price. I'm a sauce person and you have the option of grabbing any sauce you may want to use while you eat. The staff was very helpful and friendly, the space feels clean and is comfortable. I would recommend this place to anyone.Really good food, good service and great prices. The chicken shawarma is really good.I truly love the food from here. I had a minor mix up in the order, I gave them a call and they were prompt and very kind- handling it quickly by sending me another order within ten mins (which is impressive). The customer service is top notch. The girl that answers the phone is super sweet and the guy ( I think he is a manager) was very kind and helpful. On top of the awesome customer service, the food is amaaazzzinnngggg !!!!!!! My go to dish is the falafel bowl with couscous and fries. I have never had such plump and delicious couscous made in such a reasonable amount of time because my delivery was quick. The falafels are super crisp and seasoned. Last but not least- their pricing is phenomenal for the amount of food you're getting. Definitely ordering from here again. CamilaBest shawarma and lamb kofta in the whole NYC !!Clean and delicious food , highly recommend it .Tonight I'm very excited my Dinner I'm Duzan Mediterranean Grill the lamb shawarma my favorite pita sandwich the salad it's amazing wow amassingThe shawarma was good but I'm biased - I was looking for the taste that would match what I had in Bethlehem, Palestine and so far, no dice on that in New York. Friendly service at Duzan tho.Three times!!!! Food is good. But service sucks. I ordered their shawarma with soda. They always forget the soda twice without refund. The reason when I called the place, she is new and on the training, so no more soda for me coz the employees are new. And today I ordered again,  I really like the food, very tasty and fresh. I ordered at 7:54pm I called the restaurant and no ones answering the phone. Finally if arrived at 9:34pm. I was so excited after a long wait! We started eating until I noted there's a hair in the food! You guys are gross! I want my refund and I'm going to make a complaint to DOH!I've been going here the past 6 years, and I oft cite it as having the best shawarma/rice platter this side of the East River.  You philistines can point to the Halal Guys and the King of Falafel, or any of your other false idols... it matters not.  While one is entitled to their opinion, that is all it is... a (wrong opinion).The savory roasted meats, coupled with the aromatic rice... with the grease cut by the side salad and pickled vegetables...  Amazing stuff, and for about $12... they drive a hard bargain, but for a bite of Nirvana, it is well worth the pennies you've been picking up on the sidewalk of life (that is, your job).  While it may be out of the way (for you), it is well worth the pilgrimage.  And if your heathen taste buds disagree after a sampling of the wares of this proprietor of tasty goods, there are plenty of other (inferior) establishments in the immediate area that may appeal to your (base) tastes.Platters are so good but the Duzan Sauce is probably the best thing at the Grill! Love the food though!Very delicious! Probably the best falafel in NY. The portions were huge to the point of it being almost difficult to eat and the food was delicious. They gave a lot of falafels and spread them evenly throughout the sandwich, not just on the top and their tahini sauce is out of this world, perfectly flavored. If you want good falafels, look no further.Also they have some really great customer service under the leadership of Hassan, the owner. Go and have a bite.Love and Falafel.Found this place near our last night hotel at Fairfield.  Hummus was really tasty!  Food was good!  Good price and portion.  Will return if we are back in this area.Duzan Mediterranean Grill doesn't disappoint! Service was great, food was incredible, and the sauces were quite flavorful. I got the beef & lamb mixed plate with fries and hummus on the side- the flavor meat was beyond what I expected.; portions were very generous- barely finished it. This plate cost me around $11. All I could say is, money well spent for sure. Thank you Duzan, keep it up.Best shwarma in NYC! Its a small restaurant  with only few tables. They give you authentic middle eastern taste and their portions are big and so delicious! Chicken shwarma plate with hummus and mixed salad is the best, they use their secret spices, nowhere else I had those flavors. Everything tastes fresh, the price is cheap, the quality of the food is very good. The staff is very friendly and even their delivery is pretty fast.FOOD: always very tasty. TO GO or TO STAYSERVICE:  always slammed but manages to be courteous and prompt.ATMOSPHERE:  mostly a take out type place but there are some seats in the store to enjoy the food to stay.  You have to share the sauces so ask around to get some.  This place is so damn busy so it may take a while for your food order to be completed.  Have some patience and you won't be sorry!I had heard a few decent reviews of Duzan, in particular about their hummus--so today, I decided to give it a shot.I placed an order for delivery for two orders of hummus, and two extra orders of pita... a rather standard order, I would imagine.They confirmed my order, and said it was being prepared.Thirty minutes later, I received a call that they were out of the hummus.The manager refused to cancel the order, however, and began arguing with me... saying I needed to choose something else instead.I only wanted the hummus... it was an absurd conversation.I never received even an apology, and my credit card had already been charged.The food never came... the payment is still on my credit card... and probably will remain there for three to five business days.This is not how I would treat a customer.Shame on you, Duzan.You made me feel unimportant, unheard, and irrelevant.There are far too many nearby places for excellent hummus and mediterranean/middle eastern cuisine.Great middle eastern food in a casual, clean restaurant that won't break ur wallet. U order at the counter so no waiter to tip. Service is friendly and courteous. My friend once found someone's hair in her chicken shawarma platter and they immediately made her a new platter and apologized. The hummus is definitely a must have .. it is creamy and delicious. Their portions are hefty and super reasonably priced. We usually order the chicken or lamb shawarma platter comes with pita bread, choice of 2 sides- we definitely order the hummus and either the fries, salad, or rice. We always eat in. Highly recommend this place for casual dining and affordable delicious middle eastern food.Sooooooo good! The chicken schnitzel is divine. The perfect combo of rice, pickled vegetables and oh those sauces!! And that bread- so soft!Ordered delivery and they were on top of it - called me right away to let me know they were out of something (don't worry, I called really really late so not a reason to think they don't make enough) and offered anything I like to replace it. Fairly quick and the food was so much, TOO much, goodness in one bag. Glad I couldn't finish so I can enjoy it again tomorrow ;)This place serves really great shawarmas. The best part about the experience that you can see how they make it in front of you. The ingredients are very fresh and the meat is well seasoned. Just wish the working station wasn't so messy and if someone would make sure everything is well kept throughout the restaurant. The bathroom was gross and the stools weren't sturdy.First time here ,Picked up this plate today and was hoping  I wouldn't be disappointed cause I had a serious appetite on me! As you can see the servings are a plus . Definitely leftovers for tomorrow. This plate has fries underneath and they do come with 4 different sauces. All delicious . Very satisfying will be backSo good!I wasn't sure what to expect when my boyfriend first told me about this place. I was never much of a shawarma/hummus kind of person, but now I am :) With the way this place is set up (imagine a chipotle for falafel), your meal is customizable - you can get a pita, salad or just have it all. You get several different options for meat. The Have it All combo lets you pick 3 meats +  2 sides + sauces, so we got the lamb and chicken shawarmas, kafta kebab, basmati rice and hummus with the Duzan sauce and white sauce. And two of their fluffy pitas on the side. Every piece of the meal was good on its own, so of course it was great all together. We had little interaction with the employees, but they seemed pretty friendly and the place was clean though not too big. Anyway, definitely recommend for a quick bite!For fast food it was delicious. I got the chicken kabobs salad and hummus. I had to wait for the chicken to cook but it was worth it. I got mine to go and it was still good. I had it two days in a row. FireBest shawarma in all of NYC! Hands down!Place is always crowded and parking can take forever to find but it is all worth it.Go for the have it all with 3 different meat options!!!I usually go once a week!!I had a shawarma and hummus plate and the whole thing was excellent. The hummus is smooth as silk and the meats had a good crisp. I hate the phrase fast casual but this place pretty much does that model right (think chipotle assembly line style). I'll definitely be going back.Also I wish you could get the red beans as a side for the plate.What keeps me coming back is how fresh and delicious everything here is, with an interesting almost chipotle like set up to middle eastern food not seen anywhere else. The manager here and his staff are some of the most polite and courteous people and really put effort into the food and customer service. Even though there is always a slew of delivery orders or a crowd, the food is always great dining in. With that said, I'm giving Duzans three stars due to extremely long wait times and small inaccuracies with my order here and there whenever I ordered delivery. This is still one of my favorite places, but probably not ordering delivery again. The past few times I've had to wait around an hour or more for my food to arrive and there'd be something off about my food such as a forgotten side, no sauce, or arriving cold. The manager was always apologetic, and I will continue to support this business but they could really benefit from an expansion and more staff.You ever visit a place and when you get the food it looks unreal, but when you try it it's underwhelming? Well, this is not that place. The food tastes even better than it looks. The chicken shwarma is juicy and accompanied with the pickled turnips, sumac seasoned onions, Mediterranean salad, and hummus it just takes that flavor profile to the next level. Came here with a large group and we took very long to order but everyone was patient with us, and the food was ready quickly. their special sauce is delicious and I almost always drench my salad in it. One of the best halal spots in Queens for sure!Love this place. Food is bomb. Portions are hefty. Prices are reasonable. You cannot go wrong with this place for casual dining and a feast of shawarma.This place is great. The prices are reasonable and you get a good amount of food. They have different sauces that you are able to put on the food and another great thing is that you can see everything that they are cooking and putting on your plate. Its also super fast if your getting food on the go.Big portions! My friend and I shared a dish for about $10 and still had leftovers. We are definitely going back more often.Their menu is chipotle style. You have option like pita or bowl and then you choose two sides and a meat. We got the grilled chicken with rice and salad with white sauce. It was so yummy! The best part is that everything was healthy! I can see why this place is so popular.My favorite Mediterranean spot!! I highly recommend the chicken swarms as well as the kofta kebobs. The only downside is the limited space for seating. But other than that, great food and service!Incredible!!! The food is fresh & delicious! And the customer service is absolutely incredible. Toka, is absolutely wonderful! Can't say enough great things not only about the food, but also about the service.was craving for falafel sandwich; however, chicken shawarma looked delicious. Ordered Chicken swawarma, falafel balls on side and soda for both of us. Enjoyed this delicious food. Will go back again. Hour of operation suit my need since I prefer late hour!!My girlfriend told me to try this place. I was with my friends when they said they wanted to eat here. My friend ordered me a chicken shawarma plate which comes with spicy pickled cabbage which has a nice tart and spicy flavor. Plain shredded lettuce, there mixed salad with tomatoes and cucumbers, seasoned red onions, and a nice rich and creamy hummus. The chicken shawarma was delicious with a not too salty and smoked flavor. Served a soft pita bread. Food was great and was served up quick. I enjoyed it.Ordered from here and really enjoyed the food. We had falafel bowl with salad and hummus, tabouleh salad and a kabab pita. All really delicious, liked the salad - was traditional pickles and onions, not just a little bit of lettuce. Will definitely order again and would go and eat there too. Went to bed with a happy belly.I can't believe I have not written a review yet for this place.  Duzan is a must whenever I am in Astoria.  They have everything to satisfy my cravings.  Whether I want something light like hummus or foul, or something heartier like one of their bowls, I am never disappointed.Tonight I was hungry and decided on the 3 meat platter with two sides.  I chose the grilled chicken, chicken kebab and beef kefta for the meat, and salad and hummus for the sides.  It also came with their pita which was warm, soft and so delicious.  I savored each bite and left satisfied.  The meat was so juicy and had just the right amount of seasoning.  Sometimes when I get kebabs I end up feeling like I ate my weight in salt, but not with Duzan.They also have a vegetarian platter too with three choices of vegetarian items and two sides.  Haven't tried that yet but I will in the future.Looking for Mediterranean food on Yelp brought me to this ahmazing place!  So glad for yelpers! We ordered have it all, chicken shawarma, snitzel, kafta and side of French fries and hummus and duzan sauce! I can come here everyday! Too bad mix shawarma wasn't ready when that time. Will definitely come back for that!Chicken shawarma was so Delicious with the white sauce and hummus and price was good. The food was fresh and clean.The best mediterranean food spot. Love it here, small place for a quick bite to go!!!!I've been back twice since I wrote this review. The first time, they were out of literally everything except chicken shawarma (in my opinion, the weakest item on their menu.) By the second time, they'd implemented a system where you get a number for your order, which made me think they'd gotten organized. Nope, they forgot my order AGAIN. It was the middle of the day and they weren't even that busy. I stood there waiting for about 20 minutes, and happening to peak behind the counter, noticed that they weren't even cooking any kebobs (which I'd ordered). I asked the cashier what happened, she gave me a confused look and asked, "what'd you order again?" She murmured something to the guy behind the counter, who began trying to find my order in a batch of printouts on the table. Then they asked me a third time what I'd ordered. By this time, I didn't even have time for them to cook the food and should've just demanded my money back. But i let them just give me chicken shawarma so I could get out of there. It wasn't good. I'm done with this place.I love getting their chicken shawarma in a pita! I always have craving for Duzan's and now that I've moved to buffalo, I miss them so much! I'm not a big fan of the platter's because I find the rice to be undercooked, so I just stick with the pita. Their pita bread is so soft and fluffy, I could have that alone.It's like a chipotle for Mediterranean food. Only much better. Fresh schwarma and hummus. They give you generous portions and unlimited tazitki sauce to go with it. Love this place. Worth a visit if you're nearby.The owner of the restaurant contact me and asked me to come back and apologized as to why than happened on my last order as I came in to the restaurant 20 mins prior to closing. He took care of my next order and now have been back there a few times already.Happy customer = Happy Owner.Their Hummus is what dreams are made of. I got the kabob plate with Hummus and fries. Did not disappoint! It's nice inside, clean, good music and great service. Also has their grilled chicken, and I highly recommend it! Their shawarma is also on my top 5. Can't wait to come back here next time I'm in the city.Loved their vegetarian bowl with Falafel. Falafel are not so oily, portion is great, Hummus is not acidic and their bread is amazing. I think this is one of the best restaurants for quick middle eastern food in Astoria, worth checking out.I also loved their Mahmoud Darwesh quote on the wall that reads "I long to my mother's bread."This place has the worst service ever. I have only been there 3 times and 2 of those times were horrible. The first time DURING RAMADAN they forgot my friends order!! Gave that over 35 min later. We were done eating by the time her plate was ready. Another time they forgot my order. I asked the girl at the register in a very nice way "where is my food" since people that came after me were already getting their food. She told me 5 times that it was coming. So I kept waiting and then asked again and guess what? They forgot my order!!! Are you kidding me? How do u forget when I asked u 5 times?? At least I got my refund because they knew they were in the wrong. After 50 min I finally had my food.Called for a delivery... put on hold for around 10 minutes, retried calling... busy dial tone..First time in the area, wanted to try out some new food and this happens.TURN OFF.Update: called for the third time and someone finally answered. Changed from one star to three star.Food portion was extremely matching to the price... food was great BUT service was terrible. Put on hold, then hung up then called again, dial tone... then they got the address wrong when I clearly repeatedly told the person on the phone the address... had a 5 minute conversation with the delivery guy on how to get here, so not only I had to waste time to place an order but also to guide the delivery guy because the address got messed up. .. I ordered delivery because I'm pretty busy, but this kind of made me just waste a whole lot of time and I could have just went to the restaurant itself.All in all, terrible service but very good food.Healthy, fresh and delicious. The Kafta Kabab plate is cooked to perfection and the chicken shawarma is juicyand the most important thing is that it is not dry. Definitely worth eating at before hitting up your favorite shisha spot on Steinway.Best hummus in Queens! All meats are great too. Nice stuff, clean place. Highly recommended!!Excellent food!!! Chicken is tender and juicy and seems pretty fresh!! Their salads are also tasty and the pickled foods are nice and crunchy! Will definitely come back again when in the area!!A place to eat and enjoy authentic Mediterranean food. I had ordered food by seamless several times, and went there tonight. It was as good as I imagined. the staff was friendly. a very big like.Great authentic shawarma place in Astoria.Hands down best Falafel in Astoria!!!! Don't go when it's to busy they won't treat you as well, it's not their fault though they are great! , for a place that looks really cool and kind of Franchisey they are actually real down to earth and deff treat you as such! One of the girls actually came over to our table and asked us if everything was ok... There are no waiters... So that was very impressive!! Anyway their food is on point! Price is great and portions are even greater! Not to mention Healthy!!My husband and I love this place! The food is really delicious! My favorite is the chicken shawarma with rice! Service is great too. I highly recommend this place!Unhygienic Cooking practice, Avoid! There was a problem with a customer's sandwich and the cook on the grill took his cooking tongs  and opened an eaten saliva-ridden sandwich with it.  THEN HE USED THE SAME DIRTY TONGS TO MAKE OUR FOOD.  When we told him about this, he said "what's wrong with you people? "Then his boss came out and said "he's not the crazy one,  I'm the crazy one,  if you don't want food,  you can get out"This restaurant used to be fantastic. Over the last few months, though, hey have had a steep decline. They cannot handle their volume at all--on one occasion that I tried to go they closed 3 hours early. On another they turned off their phones and closed the restaurant on Seamless at 6pm. When the line is long, it does not move. Yet another time, they did not have food ready when the restaurant opened.Even worse is the quality of the food. The hummus, which used to be the best I have ever had in the US, is now no better than the rest. It is bitter and does not taste good. When I mentioned that it tasted different that it used to, I was told that they have new chefs now and that the recipe has changed. Bad move. It was a good run--I hope things go back to how they were!I really love this place. I eat here maybe 2-3x a week... the hummus is delicious . I have never eaten such a delicious hummus anywhere else . It's so mouth watering and addicting.  Prices are also pretty reasonable !I usually phone in my orders. It's never been a problem before. Today however, whoever answered the phone decided she didn't want to take the order and directed me to Seamless or Grub Hub. She insisted "it was faster." I'm already on the phone, the number of your restaurant is on speed dial, but instead you are referring me to a website to make my order. This is awful customer service. If this is indeed your future policy with phone orders, you have lost a loyal customer.Edit: After I posted this review, I received a message with a telephone number to business owner to see what he can do fix the situation. I explained to him that my family and frequently order over the phone at least twice a week from this restaurant. Because of how busy the restaurant is, he has been telling to order on Seamless or Grub Hub. He offered to send me my order for free to make it right but at this point it, I had ordered from some other shawarma place in the neighborhood. I like that the owner is engaged and is willing to reach out to his customers and I have updated my rating accordingly. There are still people out there that prefer to telephone their orders.July 9 Edit:  Whoever picked up the phone put me on hold for a while which I don't mind. When they came back on, they told me they are too busy to take the order via credit card, can you pay by cash. This is the last time I will order from here. There are so many other shawarma joints in the neighborhood with better phone service. I usually tip these guys really well too. Food is good, shame about the service. I guess I'm ordering at King of Falafel and Shawarma exclusively now.Hands down best shawarma and grilled chicken platter ever feels like home falafel is amazing tooI found sand in my pita sandwich and it ruined the experience The only good thing is falafel and house made souceI usually don't write reviews, but I must say, phenomenal food and great customer service!The Arabia salad with kofta, grilled chicken, and shawarma is amazing. Make sure to stop by! Trust me on this one.Delicious food. Some booths and tables in the back and pop music playing on the sound system. The falafels were a bit spicy. The pita is fluffy, warm and fabulous and the hummus is great. Large portions, especially the platters. I recommend giving this place a try, you won't be disappointed.I used to love Duzan. A lot. At one point I was putting in 4-5 orders a week on Seamless. Then a very, very long renovation shuttered them. In that time, it seemed like a lot of their top talent went elsewhere. When their grand reopening happened, it happened badly. The food tasted like propane and it tasted like it for months. I wrote a lengthy review about it. It got taken down. Apparently reviewing re-openings is against Yelp policy. Anyways...Who cares! Duzan's back!I grabbed an array of stuff from them the other day to see if things had changed since our iffy previous orders. Woo! It sure has! The best Middle Eastern food in Astoria has returned. If that seems like a big claim, you probably never went in its heyday. It's too bad they're not back on Seamless, though. If they ever get there, I'll gladly regain the weight I lost during the renovation.p.s. The foul mudammas is the best item on their menu. It doesn't sound like much but it puts any hummus, baba ganoush, or other pita you've tried to shame.Loved Duzan! It's essentially the Chipotle of Mediterranean food. Got a shwarma plate with hand-cut fries and hummus (two sides included), along with 3 of the 6 sauces to try, and 9 felafels and a soda, for $14! Shared it with my boyfriend and we were both happy and full. I especially enjoyed trying to figure out what the 3 sauces were, since I wasn't told (they were spicy harrissah, ambah, and Duzan sauce. You have tahini and some other sauce on your table to try). Cashier (girl with the cool glasses) was friendly and shy in a sweet way. Place is also clean, has booths and tables, and a bathroom. No complaints here.The chicken pita is banging. Very good chicken and wrap isn't too over baring. The owner is an awesome guy and friendly. The sauses are very good quality and overall the food is really good and it's a refreshing sandwich loaded with meat!I come to Queens every year to work the US Open and I usually eat at this spot at least 3-4 times. It's that damn good. Seriously. If you enjoy shawarma, falafel, lamb or just that type of food you need to check this place out. Steinway has an over abundance of Mediterranean and middle eastern food so for this place to really stick out says something. They've renovated in the last few years and positioned themselves as a sort of Mediterranean Chipotle. You pick if you want a pita, wrap, or bowl then your meat and toppings and sauce. Be prepared, the portions are huge. This is the best quick stop Mediterranean place anywhere. Hands down.I love the food in this place. It's always fresh and made to order. My favorite is the grilled chicken platter with hummus and salad. I always get extra pickles because they are SOO GOOD! I did take one star away because the counter help is spotty and the wait times can be quite long. The owner is super nice and things always seem to run more smoothly when he is around.Seriously the best place to get middle eastern food. its pretty cheap as well. They give you a lot of food. Their baba ganoush is so good, along with their shawarma bowls and Kebab's. The Hummus isn't really good but other than that I love this place. They are also good for delivery.Their shawarma is over seasoned and pretty salty. It's common knowledge in the Middle East that this is a  desperate attempt to cover up the nasty taste of the crappy meat they feed their costumers. Unless, you like dry, rubbery meat and you want to be dehydrated for the following 24 hours, avoid eating here!The hummus was a fresh, delicious and generous portion. The kafta is the tastiest kafta I've eaten. The falafels are a little spicy if u like spicy falafel balls. Tahini sauce is delicious and fresh, not watered down. Nice cushioned booths to enjoy your meal and also some tables with chairs. Cute yummy pitas. Prices are reasonable. This is an affordable, nice place with delicious food.Arrgghhh. During the MONTHS Duzan was undergoing renovation, of course I craved nothing else but that. I celebrated their re-opening like it was freakin Christmas. Well, now it almost is, but I am, unfortunately, a bit disappointed.I loved old-Duzan because it was a local spot with great food, a straight-forward no-frills menu, great prices, and decent service, even during a rush. Now, while the general layout is the same, their style has changed. Their menu has turned into Chipotle, oddly priced items and all. Bowl? Sandwich? Wrap? Fine. Follow your mental acrobatics by completing the invisible flow chart to select the item you'd like. Is this a big deal? No, of course not, but when you see something you love go mainstream, it breaks your heart a little. I ordered the Mixed meat platter with rice and couscous. What did I get? Meat (not mixed/varied), rice, a slab of hummus, and no couscous. My friend's order was slightly more accurate, but came with french fries instead of whatever side she actually chose. Double fail. I was STARVING at the time, and this was after being informed that the meat would take a while because they had run out and had to get another one going. Should I have said something? Sure, but I was weak-kneed from hunger and they were experiencing a flood of customers. I sure as hell don't want to be the jerk that interrupts that flow to be all, "Uh, this is wrong." I loved everything they served here, so it couldn't possibly suck. The meat was incredibly salty and fatty, though. Nearly half of the meat had chewy chunks of fat throughout. Even though they are not obligated, I was pretty disappointed to find out I couldn't get a cup of water (soda isn't my thing). Boo. Between both of our dishes being partially wrong and the awkward response I got when I asked for water, I left crestfallen. Objectively: The food is still tasty, the presentation on the plate is much better, and the newer decor makes the place look much cleaner and comfortable. The owner is very proud of having done the interior woodwork himself, repurposing the recycled wood that makes up the walls and seating. Pretty cool.The rice is still buttery (or is it just oil?) and delicious. The hummus is creamy, smooth, and generously portioned. The fries are limp, but this isn't Pommes Frites (RIP).I will still come back here and try again; the charm may be gone, but at least their pita is still awesome.The shawarma was very good. Generous portions...was huge. Couldn't finish it and was only $9.75 for a platter. The chicken was tasty, but wish I got more sauce.Was looking for middle Eastern food around the area, and due to the struggles of finding parking towards the center of Astoria, I went into this store, cus it was right on Steinway right by the highway. You order here by choosing a bowl, wrap or salad, with a protein and two sides , as with most of these ethnic , "healthy " restaurants nowadays. Prices fall in between "lower end" chipotle and "higher end" poke places. There's a variety of meats to choose from , flavored just enough with seasoning to make each unique . I got the chicken schwarma plate with couscous and hummus side. Within seconds I had my order ; although it seemed or maybe was pre made, the quality was outstanding. As the aroma of the chicken wafted through my nose, my stomach instantaneously growled. I would be like to say that I devoured the whole plate, but this plate was really filling and worth every cent of the $11 I paid. Looks can be deceiving I guessThis place is the real deal! I have only tried the falafel but it's definitely the best I've tried in the area. Portions are super generous, you will most likely have leftovers. And they have the best sauce selections! My fav is the Amba (kinda tastes like spicy mayo) goes great with falafel.I love the shawarma here but the customer service? Not so much. Why is the girl at the register SO rude. She always rolls her eyes, says ugh, or puts her hand to her forehead like you killed her dog. Its not that serious, take it easy and be courteous. If you can't act nice or talk to people without all the gestures then go get another job. I accidentally ordered the wrong food, and after profusely apologizing she was like "UGH, but the food you ordered is gonna get cold!!!" So i asked her what the problem was, i paid and made a mistake. She rolled her eyes and gave me a new order. Will i go back again. No, idc how good the shawarma is, not worth someone who has no manners...I love love their falafel and sauces. I ordered a wrap last week. 3 actually and I asked what was in the wrap he said lettuce and hummus. I said ok. But it was actually lots and lots of cabbage which I hate. Cabbage isn't lettuce and cucumbers. Didn't mind the cucumbers but next time someone asks what's in the wrap plz be thorough. Thanks.A great place on Steinway, a change from all those hookah places you'd find one very corner over there. I'll state the negatives before the positives, and the only negative is how hot it was in there. I felt like there was no proper air conditioner and it wasn't very nice. However, the decor is very nice, which I'm a big fan of, and the food was even better. I had a chicken shawarma for the first time. It doesn't look very big but it is stuffed! It really packed a punch and was super delicious with the hot sauce and white sauce. I highly recommend you try it!I was not expecting much based on the prices they charge, but the flavors and portions are unbelievable!!! Will be back many, many timesLove this place! We've gone 2-3 times within the past few months. It reminds me of a Mediterranean version of Chipotle. They give a lot of food and it's all delicious! I usually get the Vegetarian bowl (falafel base) with hummus. For my second side, I've tried couscous (wasn't crazy about it) and salad (love!). My husband has tried their chicken and loooves it.The food here is delicious, however the customer service is HORRENDOUS!! I ordered a delivery from 1 1/2 blocks away that gave me an estimated time of 45 mins delivery, after 70 mins I called to cancel the order as I couldn't wait any longer to eat, the idiot on the phone decided not to communicate this to his driver and sent the food anyway and when I refused it proceeded to call and Harass me and threaten me on the phone, threatened to come to my work place and called me a thief....how it is my problem that his business is not efficient enough to make money and keep customers happy baffles me.....but as I am well within my rights all I can say is..:..come see me! U know where I am! If that's the way u need to operate to make money, then I feel sorry for u! And for anyone else who has to deal with u......if I could give less than one star I would!! Disgraceful!!!!!My falafel pita sandwich was so delicious! Definitely loved how flavorful the vegetables were (onions, cucumbers, cabbage?) with a hint of spicy sauce in the pita. Wished its pita was a little softer like Taim's but overall I was in heaven! Like others said it was basically a Mediterranean chipotle where you can customize your order. You can order a bowl of meat with veggies or get wrap/sandwich/pita.If you want the tastiest shawarma and freshest bread in NYC, look no further than Duzan. This place is the real deal. I had my son's birthday party catered by Duzan and everyone kept asking about the food. Incredibly delicious and high quality. The hummus and shawarma are the way to go here. The owners are great, too- we've gotten to know them over the years.I must write a review of Duzan after my husband and I ordered here at least 15 times already! The food is amazing, we liked everything we tried so far. This is our to go to restaurant when we come home late from work. Friendly stuff, big portions, fresh and tasty food at an affordable price! Delivery is quick! We love everything about it!Love the fresh Vegetables that comes prep with authentic Mediterranean spices. The Meat cooked fresh. So tasty and Healthy But filling. Best falafel.Great but simple choices.Excellent food. Chicken Sharwarma are delicious. Must be eaten when freshly prepared for best experience!Best shawarma in Queens. Forget halal food on the street!Come here instead where its healthier, fresh and the owner looks very interesting.I love their sandwiches and salads.This is another place that says they're Palestinian. I guess I just really love the Palestinian food out there since it tastes just like how the Israelis make it. I swear, if the Arabs and Jews could agree on food, this whole MidEast conflict would be mediated.Shawarma sandwich here kills the idea that good shawerma can only be found overseas. Go for the fully loaded pita bread beef shawerma.Their hummus is life! Everything about this place is great. Their orders are large. The chicken shawarma on a plate is a godsend.Some of the best shawarma in town! Always friendly, quick, and fresh. They're open pretty late so it's very convenientOne of my favorite places in Astoria. The BEST Shwarma ever! I've been coming here since the first week it opened and I've never been disappointed. I've rarely been to a place with such amazing food on a consistent basis. The Duzan sauce and the hot chilli oil  are a must condiment. The spicy grilled chicken and the chicken kababs are great as well. The bread is delicious and the fried bread is incredible. They have a self serve condiments section as well. Run run run, and you'll love it!Love the food, love the workers. Kasie is topChef of the year. And I love the service Amer a young gentlemen with true honesty and loyalty to its costumers !Food used to be REALLY good. Everything used to be almost perfect ... than they renovated. I went about a week ago and chicken was too salty and chewy almost like rubber, fries tasted very undercooked and almost like they've been in the freezer for too long and rice didn't taste fresh. Might give them another shot, but for now I'll stay away . BTW one thing that hasn't changed is the pita bread, it's still the freshest pita I've ever tasted.As an update, I wanted to say that the owner has reached out to me and offered another order free of charge.  The girl who decided to keep the tip has left their business, and he sent the delivery man back to my apartment to deliver my food again (I did not see the food until the next morning, hence my confusion of why he was at my door).  I appreciate his reaching out and his apology for the way things happened!A few months ago, I walked in here around 8pm, and ended up leaving 15 minutes later because the people behind the counter were so engaged in what appeared to just be chatting with friends that I couldn't get anybody's attention. I've had the food since when a friend picked it up, and it was pretty good...I'm so disappointed I decided to walk in here again. The place was fairly empty, so I wasn't rushing. I was a little confused by how to pick from the menu, but instead of helping the person behind the counter seemed oddly annoyed and actually snapped her fingers at me in what appeared to be the signal to hurry up. I was so shocked that I told her not to worry, there was nobody behind me in line, but she half heartedly told me she wasn't snapping at me, she was snapping to the song playing. I should have just walked out to be honest, but I definitely won't be going back. Especially with so many other Mediterranean/Middle Eastern options right within the area.Went there for the first time today & it was great ! The food was all fresh,tasty and beautifully presented and the service was fairly fast. Definitely gonna be coming back to this place!Duzan is like a 'middle eastern chipotle' . Their food tastes amazing and it's cheap and they give big portions ! Their sauces are good too & I really recommend trying their hummus, it tastes soooo good!Discovered this place awhile back and I've been in love ever since. I went recently and they completed renovated it. I personally like the new look, but regardless, I was happy to find out that the food is still the bomb. So filling, good and inexpensive. It definitely hits the spot and it's great for vegetarians as well. The sauces take the food over the top. I definitely recommend.I've ate here several times, and I love the food, but the service is pretty terrible. Some of the staff should receive training in basic customer service. I ordered food for pickup on the phone and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. When I arrived to pick it up, the cashier was unaware that there were phone orders and said no such thing excited. She was rude and condescending. Finally, another staff person approached and came to the rescue.This place is still amazing! Wow 4 years later and Duzan still makes me so so happy :) I call the new look the Brooklyn look but there's now more space to sit and enjoy your delicious food without the wobbly tables. Duzan is certainly in my top 3 places for shawarma.  The prices did go up a bit after the renovations but it's certainly worth it for the heavy plate of flavorful food you receive in return.  I highly recommend the shawarma mix platter with a little bit of white and red sauce.  Good stuff!Super super delicious!! I'm grateful that I worked near Steinway and got to eat at all these places. This place is like Chipotle-style where you choose your choice of meat or falafel on a pita or plate. I got the chicken shawarma platter with handcut fries and fresh salad. Harissa sauce on the side was perfect, not spicy enough for me but a definite kick to the whole platter. The Duzan sauce is a must have, though. It just sucks that they don't have AC in the restaurant, or didn't turn it on the days I went...but the food is way too delicious to pass this place up. Plus, they're a Palestinian business so that's awesome :)Duzan is so delicious! I can always count on them for a great and filling meal! The owner is an extremely nice guy, who strives to takes care of his costumers. In terms of food, I'm a huge fan of their falafel platters and their chicken shawarma. I also have to note that their hummus and pita bread is spot on. They serve different types of hummus, and all of them are fantastic. I love it here!Have been ordering take out for yearsJust came to dine in for shawarma and hummusGreat tasks, high quality, Clean!RecommendOkay. I know shawarma and I like to recognize good shawarma when I see it.  This is great shawarma.  Generous portions,  kind owners, amazing flavors.  Finally, a good shawarma joint in the city.  We got the chicken and beef shawarma platters.  You can't go wrong.Gave me food poison. Trouble is using different seasoning its hard to figure whether the sauces went bad or is it the chicken ! iLove this place!  When I first stepped in I thought maybe I was in the wrong place since I didn't know they underwent renovations but the new space is great.  I always find Duzan to be crowded which says a lot about the food.  Lots of taxi drivers park and run in and order food, locals come, and of course people like me who once lived in Astoria who now has to drive to get some grub at this place. Basically anything is great.  I typically go for platters instead of a sandwich bc I can use the leftovers for another meal.  Extra charge to add on things which suck (like if you wanted falafel and meat in a pita).The owner is an awesome dude. Had a problem with an order before which he happily fixed and took care of. Best falafels around.Order placed at 6:02pm, now 7:53pm...Still NO food!  This has happened before, food is amazing but calling to find out what is going has not been helpful.  The girls there seem overwhelmed.  If you are really hungry I suggest think twice before clicking the submit button on your order.  Really sad because the food here is amazing... Need to fix this issue!   My meal should be free at this point! I mean give me a break...... After this review the owner of Duzan's reached out and helped with the situation.  Stand up guy and small business owner.  Thank you.  We will be back!My friend put me on to this place and I thought it was gonna be whack but when I ordered the sandwich it was really good and it was a nice expierence, what gave me a good first impression was the girl in the register helping me out with my order because I was confused on what to get! Good service recomend to check out this place, the people who say the food is whack is dumb and has no taste of food !WOW. I really had zero expectations for this place going in. I was just walking by and decided to step in and grab a bite to eat. There were a few people ahead of me and it took a several minutes to actually order and even longer waiting for what seemed like it would just be a quick pita sandwich. I will say even though I was getting kind of annoyed at how long I had to wait to order to get my food, the staff was really pleasant--friendly, even! And they seemed to really be working quickly so no complaints there.But when I finally got a chance to actually eat the pita... AMAZING. It was seriously so good! I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. The pita bread itself was perfect, so soft. The sauces inside were just enough in quantity, not too messy, but enough for the amount of meat in the pita. The meat itself--same thing. And so flavorful! I will be back. Multiple times!!!I was excited to try this place in a quest to find a new shawarma place. Unfortunately that ended with a night spent close to the bathroom ( sorry for the graphic detail). At first the food looked fresh and actually tasted pretty good, I was ready to proclaim this my new Shawarma joint and part ways with my current beloved, but after an hour of consuming my shawarma mix bowl with couscous and a salad, I was in....well lets just say it was a rough night and only Peptobismo could relieve me of my agony. I don't know if this was an off night but it's safe to say I'm terrified to go back.Amazing staff and amazing food! Just ask for Toka! I totally recommend it for anyone looking for a good meal that's affordable and delicious.Duzan is a great restaurant love to eat here I recommend rice and chicken shawarma it's taste so good hope u like the food :PThis place is like a Mediterranean chipotle and absolutely delicious! I ordered the chicken shawarma wrap and this thing was literally the size of a burrito. The duzan sauce is literally crack, it's soo good. Price is very reasonable.Horrible service , after trying to get a delivery for 45 minutes on the phone, being put on hold for 35 of those minutes,  calling back only to hear a busy signal then for the girl to give me attitude "we busy ova hear" then DON'T pick up the phone, or get a person just for the phone, dont put them on hold for over 15 minutes and just forget about them. i asked for a manager, "hes not here right now" SHOCKING. never again, too many places like this in Astoria right now to put up with horrible service, shame on you Duzan.They reopened! Duzan had the best hummus in the neighborhood before. And now they made it better. So everything they make is perfect, from pickles to falafel. Sauces are spot on. But you know what ties it all together? The freshest, softest, fluffiest pita in North America.Their chicken Is to die for.I wish that I could give 0 stars! Absolutely the rudest, nastiest manager. There was a mistake with my order, I called to inform him. He basically yelled at me, screamed he "was busy" and then hung up on me! I called back a second time, again he screamed this time threatening, "I know who you are!" I am seriously considering calling the police. Feeling completely unsafe with this person having my address from the delivery.The service here is crap. Literally no one has any manners. There was a table we went to go sit at that had tons of trash on it so we asked someone if they could clean it and she barked at us to get up. Then when we were ordering we kept asking what the meal we chose came with but the stupid worker wouldn't respond to us and then after we got our food we asked for sauces and once again she barked at us, rudely saying "yeah I'm waiting for you to tell me what sauce you want," even though not once did she imply she was listening to us. Honestly every employee there had a serious attitude and the food was average.I normally drive out to astoria (25 min away) just to get Duzan, and for the past few months while they were closed I was really struggling. I was one of the first 10 people to be served on their grand opening and I'm pretty sure that everyone there with me walked away with a negative experience with the wait and the smoke and the general chaos.In terms of their food I think they have the best falafel and would go just for falafel balls; i think they use a lot of raw garlic, to the point that it's spicy. Their chicken and rice platters are awesome and so is their sauce. The pita is so soft and pillowy and always fresh. I've only ordered the beef/lamb a few times (new since they re-opened) and it has been a little dry and overcooked unfortunately so I'm sticking with chicken.Deducting a star because their service is really bad every time I go. The people are very friendly. They have to work on their system and taking orders, and the new menu being so confusing doesn't help. So far every time I have gone since re-opening they have forgotten to give me my pita, my bottled water, and my utensils. I'm forgetful myself so it takes me a while to realize I'm missing things until I need them, which results in me having to keep going up to the counter, which makes me look like a high maintenance customer when all I really want is to eat my Duzan meal.Expected middle eastern chipotle. Alas, I got that... and more! The décor really changed from the last time I came here. It looks really nice. Also, the regulars were really nice to the people around them, joking with me and the such. The food was exquisite. Although I don't really like hummus, the hummus here was pretty good and it made me want to order more. Really great place for shawarmas and hummus.Really great food! Probably the best hummus I've ever had. Very good service too and generous portions. I'll definitely returnOne of the best restaurant I've tried. Best shawarma in NYC if not in the whole wide world. I love this place. It's one of my favorites!This is a fast food place in which it took me over an hour to get a sandwich. In addition, the place has problems with ventilation, so it was very smoky and hot inside, plus horrible pop music was playing super loud - issues that did not make the hour wait (for a sandwich. in a fast food place.) any better. Last but not least the staff was dreadful, completely disorganised and rude.Most importantly - the food quality changed after the reopening. So have in mind that the good rating and reviews which you see here is for the old Duzan.Best shawrma in New York! The staff is friendly, kind and efficient.The redesign is spectacular. The layout, color scheme, music and overall atmosphere is welcoming and homely. Every time I visit Hassan (the owner) greets me and my friends as if we are family. To the people complaining about the long lines and excess heat in the store: get a life. It was the opening night. The store underwent a much needed face lift. The owner closed the shop for three months and poured money back into the business to improve the environment and presentation for patrons. The rest of Steinway Street is littered with run down and ugly restaurants. To those bitching please stay away so that the rest of us don't have to wait in line behind your misery. Most importantly, long lines and re-design aside, the food is simply perfect. Duzan finally brought back the lamb/beef shwarma to go along with its famous chicken shwarma. It is mouth watering! The sauces, hummus, baba gannoush, falafel and salads are all bursting with flavor. Perfect.Congratulations on the re-opening Hassan. You managed to improve one of New York's finest middle eastern restaurants. I'll be seeing you many times in the coming weeks!The food is AMAZING. I had the shawarma with salad and honestly it's the best thing I have ever eaten. The proportions are amazing as well. They give you so much food for cheap. They have so many different types sauces and have a wide range of options. They also have a vegetarian option. You can customize your meal and pick from a wide range. You can get pita, wrap, or a bowl. Don't get me started on the duzan sauce. ITS SO GOOD LIKE OMG! Make sure you get extra duzan sauce if you get this to-go!!Halal chipotle is what my friend and I call itCute place with cute interior, I got a falafel pita and he got a chicken shawarma. Menu had a lot of possible variations which was dope. The falafel was nice and crunchy on the outside and his chicken was great. Next time I gotta ask for the humus on the side not in the sandwich and remember to ask for their special sauces cause we never got any! Also watch out for the soda machine when getting Sprite I got some weird seltzer water out there instead..but ya good prices good food!This is one of my favorite places to go to in Astoria. The food is fresh and consistent service.Just when they got me hooked to their chicken shawarma, they closed down for months due to renovations...but now they're back!  And hopefully better than eva!  Who else is going to give me my shawarma fix?!Updating my review: (cuz well some random folk who probably know nothing are giving the place 1 star w/o a full experience) the food here is fantastic and I'm not a foodie. This is literally my only preferred restaurant I'm NYC and I've lived here for most of my life.Duzan reopened and is attempting to serve clientele who have been longing for those meals for a couple months (4? - and I'm such a customer) and they are probably dealing w the onslaught of new random folks who weren't even hip to it to begin with and they've also never had that much staff. Cut em some slack!I have been there twice since re-opening and haven't had to wait more than 15 mins. And yea its fast food but its hella fresh so let them roll those balls and fry up the falafel and then you can bite into them... And after that then you can write a review, not a moment sooner and certainly not before you've come for a full experience. No more one star pre-mature reviews!UPDATEYou can probably see my post about the sauces a few months ago. They were stingy with it, but I admit they've improved. The owner, Hasan D. was nice enough to send a message, ensuring on the next visit we'd receive $11 credit for our next order. Bear in mind, I have a family and things going on, as I'm sure people generally do. So coming to Duzan right away isn't something we plan. If I'm in town I'll come by. So a few weeks ago we come back to Duzan and show the employee behind the cash register the email Hasan D. sent to us with the $11 voucher. Really nice lady, she says, let me message the owner. Next thing you know, my wife and I are waiting almost 30 minutes for an answer. I see this lady texting back and forth and manning the cash register at the same time. Finally the lady comes up to me and says, "I'm waiting for my manager to message me back". At this time I glance over her phone and see a message that says, "I already gave it to them, don't give them a discount". At that time I got really hot. I told the lady, what's this guy talking about? I was really calm because I didn't want to make a scene, but I hate when people think I'm lying, especially over some food. What makes it bad is that no one got my name, so how in the hell does this guy know who he gave a discount to??? HELLO! MY YELP HANDLE IS NOT MY NAME!!! So finally the lady admits, yeah my boss said he already gave you the discount. At this point I'm really upset. My wife, who's pregnant is waiting for almost 45 minutes. In an attempt, I did email Hasan D. back and said "Hasan I'm here". No reply, not even until this day.What really pissed me off is when she asks me for my name, when obviously her boss already knows me telepathically. So I gave her my last name so see what would happen. She's like yeah, he already gave it to you. In my mind I'm thinking, how many people have my last name, how does he know my first name, and does this guy keep a record with people's names...which the only way is through names on a credit card. Needless to say, we didn't argue afterwards and got food anyway. I even showed the workers my badge and told them I'm not trying to steal anything. (The stares were getting a little obvious, but I don't blame them). If you get an email from the supervisor, it's just for show. When the time comes to vouch anything, he flops. I guess a man's word is nothing these days.The food is amazing, but the integrity is absent.And I'm back! This spot never fails to deliver! Love the owner! He's always so accommodating. We came in with a party of 5, 20mins prior to closing and ordered 5 Kofta kebab platters with rice. 10mins later the owner came and gave us two free hummus sides and tons of fresh hot pita, stating that he only has enough rice for 2 plates and can give fries for the rest. We happily accepted knowing that we showed up when their about to close. This is what I call excellent service. I would have given this place 5 stars, but I'm giving it a 4 due to the kabobs. I feel that the quality of the kabobs have dropped a bit from when I first came here. It's a bit though and not juicy as it used to be. Despite this, I still love this place. $10 worth of food that you'll barely be able to finish! Highly recommend checking it out!When I'm in the mood for some Mediterranean food Duzan does not disappoint.  We usually order delivery from Seamless which is always really good.  However, we decided to go their and dine in the other night.  It's that hole in the wall place that serves some excellent food.  When we walked in my wife immediately ordered the falafel.  I was a bit surprised how quickly she came to her decision without even looking at the menu.  Especially since she had falafel the night before.  She told me it was so good that it didn't matter what else was on the menu.  I can't blame her.  It is so nice and crispy and has such a nice spice to it.  Since I like to eat a little of everything I usually get the Duzan mixed grill.  It comes with Chicken Kebab, Kafta, Chicken Shawarma, some rice and a couple of salads. Everything was great.  The food is always better when you eat in.  The presentation on the plate was really nice.  I may be dining in more often here.The service is horrible, I ordered delivery and waited for 2 hours before I decided to cancel the orderYes they renovated the place and updated the menu but check it: it no longer looks like a dilapidated 7-11 and while the menu system is reminiscent of Chipotle, the quality/quantity of the food offered has not suffered. Ordering salad as one of your sides is key since it's not just boring lettuce and tomato but a full blown delicious salad made with their previous fixin' bar goodies. This adds an important dimension to a platter since you really miss out without it. Hummus is perfect, warm pita is godly, mains are solid, and their harissa is no joke.The food here is a 4 with stuffed pitas filled with chicken shawarma, cabbage, tomatoes, pickles, the works and some great baba ganoush (although a bit on the lemony side.) Fattoush salad was good as well although also a bit too lemony for me but the problem was that service was SLOW. Now the girl at the counter is sweet but sometimes she seems so overwhelmed that it really impacts the orders. I waited about 15 minutes for one sandwich, only to find out that I'd waited maybe an extra five minutes because the sandwich was just sitting there on the counter and she hadn't noticed it. 5 extra minutes are a lot when you're hungry and seeing everyone else get their food!I'm willing to give them another shot because the food I've had there is good but it's just frustrating when I think hiring some more people may resolve the service issues.Oops, I'm drooling again.  The food here is unbelievable.  So. Damn. Tasty.  It made tears come to my eyes.  Seriously.  I'm not overly emotional but the Hummus Duzan is just so magical.  Like I'm eating fresh unicorn.  And I love fresh unicorn.Chicken Shawarma, Lamb and Beef Shawarma and Hummus Duzan are my go-to's.  Hummus Duzan is an absolute must try.I love Duzan.  Duzan is my role model.  Please deliver again. Pretty please.The food is good but the customer service is not. I usually order my food through phone but I was put on hold twice on different occasions and they never got back to me. I sat there for 5-10 minutes hoping they would get back on the phone but that never happened. I understand it can get busy sometimes but putting a customer on hold for over 10 minutes is too much. I am not coming back here again.I'm scared to write this review right now, because I'm going to hardcore crave shawarma right now. Oh well. I've tried many shawarma places in NY, and this is one of the best shawarma spots in the city, along with Grill Point and Mamoun's. Service can be hit or miss, but usually friendly, and especially if you speak Hebrew (you'll feel right at home). Simply, the shawarma is amazing, and so is everything else.The food here was excellent.  It's a fast-food-choose-your-own style restaurant with a rustic ambiance.  The girl at the register taking orders was very friendly & patient with us, letting us try out all the sauces in order to make our selections.  Very good portions, abundance of sauces right at your table & I would definitely visit again.I moved into the area around 2 months ago and saw the great reviews of Duzan, so I thought I'd give it a go. I now come in for a falafel plate or pita at least once a week and am never disappointed. Great food, great value, great service.So it's kinda like Chipotle, you choose your protein, the sides, whether you want it on a bowl or a pita sandwich. Food is fresh, smells delicious. Their lamb is a little dry but the chicken is very good. Fluffy pita bread comes with most orders.This is one of my favorite Mediterranean spots! I recently went back and had their chicken platter. They give a lot of food and it is well cooked. Their sauces are really delicious as well!Just dropped by to get pick up. Not as smokey and crazy. They got my order wrong on one of the sides but made up for it by giving me extra salad. Their chicken tasted kind of dry (perhaps bc it was the end of the night, but still dry chicken makes me sad). But everything else  was great, fresh salad variations, war pillowy pita, creamy hummus. I made sure to give the gal a great tip, as she was great. Like a good yelper I admit when I am in the wrong. Hoping Duzan stays a neighborhood staple! They don't let you get tap water, which is a bummer. But overall, this place is honestly one of the freshest yummiest falafels in NYC. The owner is a very active Yelper, so it's nice to see he takes Customer Relations seriously.My friend and I go to Astoria for beer shopping, but we also go for the food. On a recent trip, we knew we wanted shawarma, but we weren't sure which of the many places to visit. And so, we ended up at Duzan at random. It was a good decision.We ordered hummus, baba ghanoush, and two chicken shawarma. Hummus and baba came first, served with some of the fluffiest, freshest, thickest pita I've ever had. And it was outstanding. The hummus and baba ghanoush were both creamy and flavorful. Then, we received our chicken shawarma monsters. To say these pitas were big and stuffed to the brim is an understatement. They were packed with chicken, tahini, and salad. The chicken was tasty and not dry at all. An addition of hot sauce gave it an extra kick. I finished about 1/3 of it before getting the rest wrapped.Service was quick and the girl working the counter was friendly. Overall, we had a great experience and would certainly return again, just for the pita alone!Re-opened after 4 months and did not disappoint. This place is my favorite shawarma place in NY. I got the chicken platter with hummus and salad. Everything is perfect and I left as a happy customer. The falafels are really good too but my personal favorite is the chicken schnitzel. Next time you are in the area definitely stop by and check them out.Probably one of the best places I've ate in a while and to think it was there all along. The food is fantastic and flavorful, you don't even need the sauces. Portions for one can actually feed two; unless you're really hungry then *nom nom nom* Definitely would go again and recommend it. Try their beef/lamb shawarma with hummus and side salad...This place is Heaven on earth!!  I am absolutely obsessed with duzan - high quality food, great prices, no wait, and delicious!!  I eat here at least once a week and have never had any complaints!Sooo happy they are back. They not only came back with a new modeled store but they also brought back lamb and beef sharawma! I remeber when the establisment first opened up, they had the savory succulent beef and lamb, I missed it so much. Thank. You Duzan for bringing back a classic. :) I just wish it was available all day long. Beef and lamb shawarma is only there after 6pm.I ordered delivery.  The order came exactly when he said it would.  There is a $12 minimum for delivery, fyi.  The falafel was crispy and the salad was fresh and seasoned well.A white sauce and reddish sauce came with it, as well as pita bread.  Delicious food, I would definitely order from here again.Im sorry but have eaten many sandwiches in my life... This chicken shwarma is unreal... Soft warm pita,spicy chicken, crunchy cabbage, tahini to die for.... Unreal.. Keep up the good work.... P.S. not a fan of shwarma but never had it like this...Best shawarma spot! Was introduced to this spot through a friend back in 2010. I then introduced this spot to my other friends, who then introduced it to their friends/family, and vice-versa. I thank my friend to this day for showing me this spot. Everything on the menu is just amazing. Chicken shawarma sandwich with fries and I'm good. Don't forget the Duzan sauce its a must! The platter is also good which comes with the choice of meat, rice, salad, and bread. The ambience is really nice and staff is friendly. Food may take some time as they have a bunch of delivery going out. They paly nice house music which is dope. Never a disappointment when I'm here.This place was good not my favorite but tasty. I feel like the meat seemed a little dry, I had to put a lot of sauce. I still love the Halal guys better.I'm from Detroit where Middle Eastern food is wonderful and plentiful.  The food I brought home from here the other day was some of the best I've had in NYC.Think creamy, delicious hummus; moist and flavorful rice; super tasty chicken shwarma; and, fresh tabouli.  I recommend all three of their sauces to go with.  Get the green garlic, the tahini and the orange sauce which is reminiscent of Big Boy's or McDonald's special sauce only ten times better.It's not that hard and it doesn't take long to get to Astoria from Manhattan on the N train.  It's definitely worth the trip to get a carry out from Duzan Mediterranean Grill.Got there half an hour before closing time. The guys behind the counter were fooling around and the girl was fed up and ready to leave. As a result, we hit the street with only one part of our order -- the vegetarian platter special. The order of falafel was left out, and by the time we got home and noticed, the place had closed.Food was just ok. Could have been better. Eggplant and fries were drenched in oil. Not the same experience as when the chef is also the owner.I've gone to Duzan roughly ten times over the past two years. I had a bunch of unsuccessful menu picks to the point where when friends would suggest eating here I'd try to steer them away. Sure, their baba ghanough is amazing (try this creamy eggplant-y goodness if you haven't yet - you can easily devour the whole thing), but it's only a side; I struggled finding items that would constitute a full meal.But that all changed when I tried their Duzan Shawarma Mix sandwich. It is exactly what I'd want in a sandwich - tender meat, some awesome sauce, and a huge portion for only $6.25. If you have no idea what to order, just play it safe and get this. On a related note even with my above-average appetite I would still recommend getting this sandwich over a platter.Even though the interior of the restaurant (where you pay and pick up stuff at the counter) may suggest otherwise, beware that the wait for an order, even if it's just a sandwich can be a bit lengthy at 15 minutes. (Why things are so busy on a Sunday at 9pm when the restaurant isn't packed is beyond me.)Food use to be 2x better before the new look. Even though it looked ugly, the food was always on par. Let me just start by saying ive been coming here for years and the place is great but some of the staff is rude, disrespectful and out right unorganized at times. Specifically, this one dude they hired years ago who's been rude from the start. Sort of a short guy, looks Spanish, rudest one out of them all. It's pretty obvious. Need to fire him or get him to a different position.Place: Clean, minimally decorated with upholstered stools near the counter and diner style seating at the back.Food: I ordered a chicken shawarma sandwich with french fries, tahini and harissa which was great! I also had the chicken shawarma platter with rice, salads, pickeld beets, jalapeno pepper, lots of tahini sauce and harissa which was good. They asked if I wanted any extra sauce (comes in a small container) on the side and I chose the harissa for extra spiciness. I will come here again!Update!!! Order received. Was contacted by Hasan after review and he offered his apologies and refund. As I told him I don't need the refund and appreciate him reaching out. I don't mind waiting for good food so long as I know what I'm in for, please take that into consideration when advising the public of your anticipated delivery times. Hasan, thank you for reaching out! I appreciate it. I love your restaurant and food- now I will eat! My tummy is super happy.Good shawarma platters on Steinway and if you are in the area - a solid delivery option from seamless. I would sometimes be lazy and not want to walk anywhere and when I'm in the mood for shawarma I would order from here and they would be fast and reliable.Duzan by far has the best Shawerma chicken I've had on the east coast. Every time I goto a restaurant and try their chicken Shawerma, I always compare it to duzan and it always fails. I make it a point to pick up food from here everytime I'm in the area. The only complaint I have is that they charge for sauces to go. They only give 1 free and then the rest is 50c a piece, considering I love my food with a lot of sauce it can easily cost me upto 3 bucks just for sauce. Other than that, the food is delicious and please don't ever change the recipe because it's perfect!SCHWARMA!I was introduced to Duzan last year and I've been a fan ever since.   The hummus is creamy and pita is warm, thick and chewy.   Their schwarma are huge!   Enough for a meal, and maybe a snack later... or lunch the next day.I've never dined in before...  the interior doesn't look too appealing to dine in... Maybe I'll give it a try later tonight when we go.The food is fantastic! They forgot the sauces that were on the side but made up for it by quickly delivering the missing items and tossing in some delicious falafel on the house! We will definitely continue to order!Good food but they don't notify customers when pick up time is long. After I called in 15min I went there and waited an extra 25-30 min just for two sandwiches. They just keep telling you they're making it.I went to Duzan before they redid it and loved it then. But now that they've updated everything, it's even better! Who knew that was possible? Got a shawarma mix bowl to go, and the service was quick for a busy Friday night. The staff was friendly and very helpful. And the food? So amazing! For about $11, I got so much that I had so much leftover I even shared it with my two brothers. The pita was also so soft and delicious. Definitely my favorite go to place in Astoria for shawarmas!Delicious, authentic and affordable food! The hummus is absolutely amazing with the fresh, warm bread. The falafel sandwiches are out of this world. I highly recommend trying this place if you haven't already. WARNING....YOU WILL BECOME ADDICTED!This place is great. I eat here 1-2 times a week with no complaints. I love the food and the service is great. Eat in and take out are both well done. Owner is super friendlyA+++Cheap and really good! you can just tell these guys care about the food they put out.UPDATE: Hasan from Duzan took the time to send a personal text following this review to make the situation better. He explained that the normal meats for the mix grill platter had run out (although over 45min after our order), and that replacements had been sent in substitution. The food really is good here, and if I could give a separate rating just for deliciousness, it would be an easy 5 stars.   The follow-up was very much appreciated, and I'm relieved to know that this was a mistake, and not a conscious policy for the restaurant. Moral of the story - it's super popular here.  On a normal night, things work well, but peak night service might be best done via take-out or dine-in rather than delivery. ----We ordered early at 4:45PM due to the expected crush with heavy snow tonight.  Well, our food came 2 hours later, and it was not what we ordered. Despite giving more than double the base tip due to the tough conditions (over 25%), we were rewarded with subpar substituted old leftovers. We order the Mix Grill Platter frequently, and know what should be in it.  We were given two dry as hell old pieces of chicken and a sausage.  No shawarma, no moisture, pathetic. We called to report the issue no more than 5 minutes after the food arrived, and surprise surprise, the place had closed so that nobody could complain. If food runs out, call us and let us know so we can go elsewhere.  Don't take two hours to send us old food.  We were frequent customers, and this is so disrespectful and such shoddy service, we will not be ordering from this restaurant again.Amazing shawarma spot! You have got to try the chicken shawarma platter. It's scrumptious! You can't go wrong with the sauces either!And one more thing, DONT FORGET ABOUT THE HUMMUS. It comes with the softest pita bread that you could ever imagine. It's so filling that you could probably be satisfied with just a minimum amount of bites. CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. I recommend!I tried chicken shawerma pita for the first time, and it's the way best shawerma I had ever in NY.I had wrote a review two weeks ago giving one star because the food I got was very dry, In few hours the owner messaged me. I was very surprise and happy for the quick response by the management, I explained to him what happened in detail. The owner was very nice and helpful. He told me the restaurant is very busy and they cut the meat and keep it in the pans so the customers don't wait long, Since I came around closing time, by mistake they used the pan which they were about to throw away. Everybody make mistakes, the real thing is to realize it and fix it. He told me to come back and get what I ordered on the house. This really shows that the owner care about the customers and want to severe the best quality food. I got food from here once before and it was really good that's why I was surprise at what happened. I am glad that owner explained and made it rite. I am giving this place 5 stars because the food is really good specially there lamb/beef with rice and salad. Its really juicy cut in small pieces. Plus the owner is really nice and do treat the customers nicely !!!!food used to be a lot better, sort of fell off, but Ill still eat there.  Love the new lookDuzan is, in a word, exceptional. The food is always fresh, always well-seasoned and delicious, and most of all the staff and owner are really friendly and kind. They have put their heart and soul into this place and it shows, especially with the new renovation.The shawarma here is the best I have ever had, and I have had shawarma/doner/kebab/cevapi all over the world. The spice mix is perfect, and there is always a crispy edge to the chicken that makes it so good! They also have unique, fluffy pita, which is a big step up from the thin, stale pita you get at other middle-eastern places and especially the doughy, chewy pita in the Greek spots around here.They are also really veg-friendly, my wife is always happy here and never has a problem picking from a huge variety of veg dishes. The hummus msabaha is her fave! And the falafel is fantastic!If you are one of those turds that went on their recent, crowded, crazy, LONG-AWAITED opening night and then gave them one star for how long it took (and made no mention of the food), 1) you know NOTHING about good food, 2) you know even less about how running a business works, and 3) you don't deserve to eat here. Go to McDonalds instead, have a crappy meal and then Instagram some dark, blurry photos to show everyone you are a "foodie." I swear to god some of these career Yelpers (you know who you are) are the most uninformed epitomes of douche I could ever have the displeasure of sharing a world with. Shame on you.DUZAN RULEZZZZZ!!!Ordered from Seamless and delivery was quick. I'm not a huge fan of delivery just because I think the food gets cold and soggy while waiting but this was great. I got the falafel platter and it was delicious. 9 big pieces that were crispy and not soggy or oily. Side of tahini was good and the pita bread was warm, fluffy and big. Perfect to split open and make your own little sandwich. It came with white rice which I didn't expect (I thought yellow rice for some reason) but it was really good. It was fluffy and coated with butter maybe? It also came with a side salad of basic lettuce, onion and pickles and russian dressing - simple but fresh and I liked it. I would definitely order from here again.Duzan has the right idea but fails to deliver. They have a free salad bar (like Grill Point in Flushing) for customers that order combination specials but the selection is limited. It did have a spicy cabbage cole slaw that was the stand out but the rest of the items were run-of-the-mill.The Falafel was a bit mushy and tasteless and lacked the crispy texture contrast I like. Though the pita pocket was filled to the brim, it wasn't as spectacular tasting as it looked. The fries were overcooked to the point it was too crunchy to even put a fork through.The service was surly. The room was  under-heated for a chilly afternoon lunch.Overall underwhelming at best but a brave effort for Astoria where there are a dozen other places I would try before coming back to Duzan.Thank you Astoria yelpers! This was totally a last minute find because we were in the area picking something up for a friend and got super hungry. This place is absolutely amazing for food. It was crowded when we got there but there were still a few tables open for us to use. It is a no frills type place and they only have one paper menu laminated on the counter for you to use. I guess for first timers this was annoying because we all had to huddle around one tiny menu. I had the chicken shawarma pita with a side of hummus and a side of the fresh cut fries (I was super hungry and wanted to try everything - give me a break!) My fiance and friend got two platters of mixed shawarma and rice. The shawarma meats were so extremely flavorful and out of this world! The platter meat was slightly more spicy then my chicken pita meat but the guys loved it. The housemade "spicy" sauce is not spicy, it is delicious! We had so much food that we took a lot home for leftovers and they reheated just fine. My only complaints would be that the hummus could have been silghtly more flavorful - was just mashed chick peas, and the fresh cut fries are super super greesy. I would skip those but if you have a hankering for fries dipped in tahini then get the regular fries, they were skinnier, less greesy, and cheaper. What a great find, and a place we might need to find a reason to visit more often!Place has good sandwiches!  I used to walk by this little place thinking it was like any other middle eastern sandwich shop (in a sense it is) but the sandwiches were really good !  Also the service is not bad.Nice place to eat after smoking shesha on Steinway but its kinda out of the way and parking is not ample.  Will come back though !I like falafel, it's something I admittedly don't eat much of but whenever I get the chance, I really enjoy it. At least, I thought I did. I thought I knew what this morsel of chickpea goodness was supposed to taste like; deep fried, a bit mealy and rough in texture throughout the whole experience. As only familiar with the dish as much as a non-Arab New Yorker can be without having the real deal at someone's house, I accepted without a fight that this is what falafel was. This all changed yesterday. Wanting to do a little eid celebrating with friends, I headed over to my old high school stomping grounds of "Little Greece/Little Egypt/Little Brazil", aka Astoria, Queens for some Middle East fare. I admittedly was hesitant about Duzan since I was looking for more of a sit down intimate atmosphere. Even as we arrived, "You brought me to a fast food place!?" Luckily I stuck with my gut and approval of photos and yelp reviews, it all paid off! Huge smile painted on her face, the girl behind the counter could tell that we needed some help and wonderfully explained some of the specialties and favorites. We all settled on the mixed grill which came accompanied with chicken shawarma, beef kofta, grilled chicken, rice, salad (I would love to see a simple salad like a fattoush instead of the iceberg strips) and some grilled veggies. We also ordered a side of falafel which brings me back to the original point of this review, the falafel. A smooth and moist center hid within the lightly breaded (apparently gluten free) and non-greasy exterior. Bursting through that crisp exterior, I was introduced to what I believe falafel is supposed to be. After getting second and third opinions, I can officially say that this was THE BEST (and ya'll know how I feel about hyperbole) falafel I've ever tasted.As the sunset, the restaurant began to fill up, and we got a glimpse into it's family vibe. The staff was nothing but hospitable, warm and helpful. Frequently coming up to ask how the food was or if we needed anything, they really outdid themselves. No frills, great food, family atmosphere and quick service, this is how I would describe Duzan. Sukran! You've got yourself a fan.I was having a serious shawarma craving the other night, and ordered in some food from Duzan.  I had the chicken shawarma plate, and was still eating it for two days.  The shawarma itself was quite tasty, although a bit salty for my taste.  Rice was spot on, and the pickled veg were solid.  I wished I had ordered some extra onions with sumac - sooo good.  Pita was extremely fluffy and light.  Falafel?  Awesome.Lastly, this place really embodies Astoria hospitality.  Of all the tasty places to get middle eastern food in Astoria, this is our default because of their warm and friendly customer service.I have been waiting for this place to reopen their doors and have to say it was worth the wait. Hands down the best falafel around. You're missing out if you haven't tried it yet.Duzan is so amazing! I grew up eating Lebanese food in another state and since moving to NY 11+ years ago I was missing that authentic middle eastern taste. I finally found it at Duzan. Everything is so good. The prices for the amount of food that you get is unbeatable. The only low point is that if you don't live near there and have to drive, parking is hard to find. Duzan please come to Northeast Queens!!!So happy Duzan is back & with a facelift! The food & service is incredible. I would recommend to anyone & make sure you get the pickles, yum!Duzan is by far my favorite Shwarma spot in Astoria. The employees here are absolute sweethearts, and the food is top notch. They cook everything to order, which means you don't have to risk playing the "how long has this street meat been hanging out in the sun" game. Their endless sauces and fresh bar of pickled veggies and other salad items is just another reason why they are a step above the rest. The last time I went by they were closed for renovations. The space used to be no frills, but it hardly matters when the food is so good. I always get the mixed grill with rice, which is always juicy, tender and full of flavor. More of that green chili garlic sauce always. That stuff is deliciously addictive.I order my food 8:00 pm now it's 9:10 pmI never see this in my life is got to be joke you know what everyone fuck this placeI was completely bowled over with the food here oh my goodness.  I had the chicken shawarma sandwich and it was the most perfect thing I have ever ate.  The sauces were to die for, everything was cooked and flavored to perfection and the size was satisfying and super filling. Ever since I went I have been craving it. Great GREAT spot.pros: food was amazing quality. even after they closed for renovations and reopened. cons: i would keep saying good things but.. there were pieces of brillo pad (the metal pad used to clean the grills & pans with) in all three to go entrees. had i noticed before i made it all the way home, i would have never paid for this. so disappointed with this place. i used to go there all the time.I wouldn't recommend this place for delivery because they are pretty slow but the food is really good. The guys who run it are really nice and really know how to make good food. I would highly recommend it and I always get shawarma and the falafel !  Delicious !This may be THE best shawarma I've had in the US!  And it's HUGE.  It deff is more than one meal.  The tabouleh was fresh (made right there) and he even customized it for me.  I see why this place has the high reviews it has !   Awesome food!The best shawarma ever i had it in Astoria keep going guys best poeple best service god bless you hassanWhen I lived in Astoria a couple summers back, Duzan was my go-to place. The food is authentic, flavorful and amazingly priced. I usually ordered the falafel sandwich, in a pita (so it's a little more like a gyro wrap). The falafel is made fresh to customer spice specifications and fried fresh to order. People probably think that most pickled onions are the same, but pickling something in-house really makes all the difference and Duzan nails it every time with their pickled onions. The food really comes down to a few aspects that make it amazing; it's fresh, in-house and authentic. The other wonderful things about Duzan is the customer service. This is a local business owned by real people who are genuinely interested in connecting with their customers. Every time I walked through the door, they knew my name, asked me how I was, remembered my order preferences and encouraged me to try new items. This kind of service is not fabricated or generated - it is authentic and honest. If I am ever back in NYC, no matter where I am in the city, I will make the train ride to Astoria for lunch with Duzan.Fantastic schawarma. The veggies are fresh and on point. The sauces are great. The pita is great. Great value for very good, authentic, high quality food.YES YES YES. That is how I felt after the first bites of my order from Duzan. An enormous chicken schwarma sandwich in a homemade, soft pita. A side of 9 crispy, delicious falafel. A giant (had to be 12 oz+, if not more) order of hummus topped with roasted garlic and pine nuts. All for $18 after tax and tip and more than enough food for 2. After ordering Seamless from various places and being disappointed more often than not, I have finally found a place that I'll be getting again. Delivery came in 35 minutes and I live nearly a mile away. A+Ah, the food is perfect! I have only been there twice so far and gotten the pita with baba ganoush. It is just such a perfect creation for only $5.50! It is like a flavor and texture party that fits in your hand. Do yourself a favor and try one (or anything else there I'm sure)!Duzan is on of my favorite spots to eat in New York The shawarma is one of the best I ever had and Hasan  the owner  is amazingI always travel from Connecticut and believe me it's worth the trip , you won't be disappointed by any meansHis pita is a specialty bread you won't be able to find anywhere else The food quality is excellent and the variety is awesome The Hummus is to die forOh My Lord!I can not begin to explain how good the food is here. Stumbled in here last week got a chicken shawarma sandwich.MMM where do i start. The bread was amazing i think they bake it fresh because it was so soft and tasted so fresh. They packed the sandwich with flavorful chicken and salads. When i say packed i mean PACKED!!!! so bring an appetite. I cant wait to go back and try out their platters.Place wasn't gorgeous (which adds to the charm sort of) and it was REALLY hot despite it being October. The falafel was cheap and tasty and most importantly they had AMBA, the mango condiment that I haven't seen in NYC before. I am satisfied.This place is amazing! They recently updated everything. It's very modern, contemporary and cool. The food is delicious and nutritious. The food is all fresh, and they use all fresh ingredients. Everything is made in front of your eyes, so you know it's clean. The seating is comfortable as well. I suggest you take public transportation, as parking is a little tough, but that's pretty much the case for any place in the five boroughs. They need more locations! Definitely try this place out if you are in the area. It's like an Arab chipotle. Yum.The service was great as well. Everyone was friendly, smiling, and welcoming. I'm so glad I took my friends advice and gave Duzan a try. I suggest you do as well. Enjoy!Their chicken shawarmah is some of the best I've had in the US. I came here once every few weeks while I was a student in New York. Great service, great prices and always a good set of food selections for both meat eaters and veggie lovers.Food is really good if you do take out. If you eat there, make sure you share with the flies buzzing everywhere. Also theres no AC hereI finally went in here the other day for the first time. I live down the street but had never been. Man was I missing out!!! I got the chicken shawarma pita with the Duzan sauce. SO. GOOD. I can't wait to go back!Get past the looks of this place and you will enjoy the food. I was a bit let down that the "salad bar" wasn't really a salad bar. Rather for $2 you get a small plate of assorted stuff. Definitely not a deal breaker. Falafel and shwarma platters were both huge. And some of the best basmati rice I've ever had. Will return for sure.The food was good.  We had the chicken shawarma platter and it was great.  The sauces really add flavor to your meal but I couldn't help overlook that we changed our table three times.As people were leaving, none of the staff cleaned up the tables for the following guests.  I had to do that myself.  I would have rated them 4 stars but this was unacceptable.  I'd do take out next time.I was also at Duzan for the "soft opening" last night and had a completely different experience than another reviewer Kual. Sure, the wait was VERY long. But it was a very highly anticipated re-opening that was widely publicized. The staff were nothing but apologetic and extremely kind to me and it was clear they were not expecting the volume of customers that they got, but they were doing the absolute best they could. When we did get our food, it was out of this world amazing. In fact, I'm going back tonight. I'm very grateful this place is only a few blocks from my apartment.The shawarma is fast, fresh, and among the most delicious I've had.  Glad they finally reopened, the renovations look good and the restaurant is cleanGreat place for fast cheap food. I had the combo shawarma, not too overpowering with spicyness, Gives you that warm happy, fat, sleepies feeling.We are visiting NY and were in a mood for good mid eastern food. We looked for restaurants with 4 and 5 star ratings and found Duzan. We were a little sceptical with the online ratings but decided to try it anyway. That was a very good decision. The food from Duzan was outstanding. We ordered seven different meals including three sandwiches. Everything was exceptional.We love this place so much. It is our go to place when we're not home early enough to make dinner. We have only ordered food from them via seamless so last Saturday we decided to do a "pilgrimage." We live on 36th avenue, so it was a quite a pilgrimage indeed.The restaurant was designed to look like a chain. You know, it had that bright orange and green colors, which I have to admit are catchy. We sat at one of the booths. My wife had to wipe the table off by herself but we didn't care. The food was going to be amazing as per usual. I ordered my regular chicken kebab plater, a friend we dragged along with us got the same thing and my wife got her usual sharwarma platter. Our opinion of the food is already established, we did a pilgrimage for Pete's sake! But I must say that our friend forgot her name at her first bite. She has been ordering from duzan for the past few days. Ha! The staff was incredibly friendly and were just as excited about our pilgrimage as we were! Hi, Faisal! Obviously, we are and will continue to be big fans of Duzan. You should give it a try.I liked it, but it wasn't amazing. I got the chicken sandwich. The bread was warm and fluffy but it wasn't strong enough to hold the filling. The chicken was a bit on the dry side so they put a ton of the sauce that they use, I'm not sure what it was, but I wasn't too fond of it. My husband got the mixed platter. That too was okay, nothing amazing. HIs meat was on the dry side too. If you want a cheap bite on the go, this spot is okay. If you're looking to impress though, there's plenty of other options in the area.Round 2: first thing to mention is the excellent customer service. Hasan, the owner, is very passionate about delivering the perfect food experience to his customers. He saw my review and offered to send another round on the house. He sent a variety of their dishes and oh I'm glad he did, because I got to try their amazing falafel. So flavorful, crispy, not greasy at all, and has a bit of a kick to it. Dip it into the white sauce or the special sauce and you'll be happy you did! Hummus was a lot better this time, quite creamy. Still not my favorite but everyone has different palettes. The pita was out of this world amazing (per usual). Fries were tasty and crispy (also yummy when dipped into the special sauce). I wasn't too crazy about the beef/lamb shawarma platter with rice. I do love the pickles, though. Not sure why but the platters don't hit the spot. However, I will DEFINITELY be back for the falafel. Perhaps a falafel sandwich so I can get my hands on that pita and falafel again.Excellent food, friendly staff. I absolutely love their food, the best Middle Eastern food I ever had in my life :) 5 stars would be my rating. Great place!!!!! You can try absolutely everything! Duzan Mediterranean Grill! I had the chicken shawarma and falafel all for $15. This place is pretty solid. It's plentiful, well prepared and it taste good, the portions are great too.We will definitely be back! I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for good Middle Eastern food. I have gone many times and I am never disappointed.I tried this place after hearing so many good reviews. However the day I went, I got a chicken shawarma bowl with rice and hummus, the rice was bland, the chicken had no seasoning to it, and after having a conversation about what sauce to get- there was no sauce on my food. I honestly don't see why it was worth $10. Maybe I'll give another chance and try somethings else if I'm around but it's not worth a trip for me. The hummus was good and the place looked really nice though.The Duzan Shawarma Mix Sandwich was a well made large pita sandwich with vegetables, spread, meat. A good place for a quick bite.One of my go 2 spots. The chicken shawarma is delicious. I usually go for the mixed player that comes with shawarma,  chicken kebab and a " lamb and beef grounded together" kebab. Comes with the fixings and a delicious bread. All of the kebabs are marinated and cooked to perfection.They were sooooo slooooow. Also out of paper menus. Also one of the employees just refused to put orders together and stood around polishing the glass and occasionally running the cash register. I ordered a chicken platter. Took 20 mins. They produced exactly 5 orders in 20 mins. They forgot the pita bread and no plastic fork for a take out...  This place is a mess.Excellent shwarma and special duzan sauce! Fries are great too!Fast service and quick delivery!I used to think that "shawarma" was a dirty word. In Russia, it is synonymous with dog meat. But even if Fido was spared, why would anyone settle for oily scraps of animal by-products when they could have the real thing?Duzan totally changed my perception of this oft-misunderstood menu item. Their chicken shawarma sandwich is AMAZING. The meat is flavorful and just moist enough. And more importantly, it actually resembles chicken.Do not fear the shawarma!~~~3.5 stars ~~~~Duzan is located towards the end of Steinway, just right before you fall off the Grand Central Parkway,  I mean Astoria Boulevard.  It is not close to the subway but it is a reasonable walk, that is, if you consider four (4) avenue blocks reasonable. And if you do not consider that reasonable, then it is time to ask the question why do you live in New York in the first place. :) I digress.  The interiors are shabby chic due to the on-going renovation.  :) The platter servings are huge and can definitely be shared with another person, assuming that you have been cured from the malady of gluttony that seems to be contagious around these parts.  :) So, on a casual dinner we dined on: Hummus for appetizers - very creamy and as someone who makes her own hummus, actually really tasty. It comes with the pita bread which they say they bake in the premises. Mix Grill Platter - It had shawarma, chicken, kofta, but no beef or lamb kebab. :( It was beautifully served on a huge platter with salad and your choice of rice or fries.  The shawarma was on the dry side. Grilled Chicken Breast Platter - This was perfectly cooked and seasoned, served with salad and again your choice of rice or fries.  Again, it is a huge serving and for about $9, very reasonably priced. Judging from the number of people coming in and out for take-out, this place is really hoppin'.  And it comes as no surprise because the owner who mans the cash register and takes orders has excellent service skills. I wouldn't mind coming back here to try other items on the menu and perhaps I can give Duzan more stars. :)YES ITS THAT BAD!! 2 incidents really disappointed me IN FULL PRESENCE OF THE OWNER. That is why i signed up on yelp just to address this: well for starters I order what i wanted to eat for a To Go and before it was fully packed i asked the guy behind the counter politely that " do you guys have BbQ sauce?" The reply i got with a cocky attitude was, and I quote  "BbQ sauce? Why would we carry that?" This was said with so much cockiness & attitude as if i had walked into a BMW dealership asking for a Mercedes, anyway I replied him "yes, BbQ sauce, subways carries it so i would expect you guys to as well" in reply this employee with an even bigger attitude replied me "well this is not subways, its duzans" he had just missed my entire point and focused on the fact that i was comparing a subway to a "Duzans", the owner (with the long beard just stood there having witness the whole thing just stood there and said nothing. I was hungry so i just wanted my food. Once i was in my car and began to eat it the chicken that had come with my food was RAW yes ladies and gentlemen so RAW that i felt as if i was chewing on leather. So i went back in there and told the owner that i am a very frequent customer and this was not the first time the chicken tasted RAW ( keep in mind it wasn't only me who felt this 2 of my friend ordered the same thing and had the same remarks. Anyways the same employee took my plate TOOK OUT A PEICE OF CHICKEN PLACED IT ON THE COUNTER TOP YES! A GOD DAMN  COUNTER TOP CUT IT AND SAID LOOK ITS FINE, its not over yet. THIS EMPLOYEE THAN HAD THE DAME NERVE TO PUT THE SAME PEICE OF CHICKEN BACK INTO MY PLATE AND GIVE IT TO ME. I immediately said "WAS THE COUNTER TOP CLEAN ENOUGH FOR YOU TO HAVE PUT THE CHICKEN CUT IT AND THAN PUT IT BACK IN MY PLATE AND EXPECT ME TO EAT IT?" to which i got a reply from the owner "EVERYTHING IS SANITIZED" I WAS SHOCKED AND THREW AWAY THE ENTIRE MEAL IN FORNT OF THIS STUPID EMPLOYEE AND HIS EVEN DUMBER BOSS. Ladies and gentlemen this is what kind of costumer service DUZANS HAVE TO OFFER DO NOT AND I REPEAT DO NOT FALL FOR THE HAPPY GO LUCKY  LADIES IN THE  FRONT SHE DOES NOT REPRESENT DUZANS SHE IS JUST DOING HER JOB, IF THE OWNER HAS NO APPRECIATION FOR HIS CUSTOMER I DOUBT ANY INVESTMENT IN THAT RESTAURANT IS WORTH IT. This is my only review in yelp and I believe i had to inform the reader. This was one of my experiences in Duzans hope you had a better one. Thank you, you just lost a frequent customerThis is my absolute favorite hidden gem in Astoria. Their falafel is the most authentic in the area (which is a big statement, since middle eastern food is in abundance here). My favorite dish is the shnitzel platter. The ingredients are always super fresh and perfectly seasoned, and the chicken is perfectly breaded and fried brilliantly. Not to mention, their delivery is super fast. I sometimes order 4 times a week, because I just can't get enough of it, and I know that of the hundreds of restaurants in the area, none will consistently satisfy me the way duzan does. And it's so reasonably priced! Eat here, I promise you won't be dissaponted.I'm giving 5 stars because I have nothing bad to say about this place. The food is really good. The pita is baked fresh so it's warm and soft. I don't find the food spicy so my friends and I tend to get hot sauce on the side. The guys there are really nice and sociable. They remembered my group of friends after going there only three times.This is my favorite take out in Astoria! I am the sauce queen and find their duzan sauce to be mayo extraordinaire! Their Green sauce that they call garlic something-or-other is delicious as well. All the crazy hummus' are great, Tahini is standard and my bf loves the mango based sauce (amba) Now for the food I put the sauces on...I usually get a chicken shawarma platter which has delicious basmati rice, flavorful as hell chicken , lettuce, tomato salad and pickles. When my mans and I want to make an attempt to not overindulge a platter and one of their salads is enough (arabia is our go to but all of them are lemony n minty and even spicy -fatoosh) Oh and i think they give u a fluffy pita with the platter as well. mixed grill platter is good as well. Ive yet to try falafel-im pretty sure it'll be great!! Oh and all the guys that work there are super nice!Used to eat here at least 3 times a week but the poor customer service I experienced today has convinced me to find a new shawarma spot. Not only did the phone attendant not know what hot sauce is, but after ordering a chicken shawarma sandwich  for pickup 20 minutes before I arrived, the owner was rude to me and told me he has 6 orders before me and cannot help me so insisted that I cancel my order. Also lately, the tables have been extremely dirty and it seems they are not being cleaned before patrons. It's sad to see something good go to crap. TERRIBLE!!Duzan is a staple in the neighborhood and a must for good, no frills Mediterranean food. The staff is friendly and always recognizes neighborhood faces and treats you like family. The various types of hummus are amazing. So are the falafels. The Shwarma and kefte are divine. And their pita bread....melts in your mouth.  Perfect for take out or for delivery. Either way stop by and check it out if you have not been.I've been eating from Duzan for a few years and it's easily the best falafel in the city, possibly the country and likely half the middle east.  No joke.  Everything else is awesome too.  After eating their bread and the hummus, I felt like I was transported to another land.  All the food is really fresh and authentic.  I often buy extra bread and hummus to take home.  I won't even buy hummus at a store anymore.  The food is seriously amazing, and there's every fresh and pickled addition one could ask for.  The tabouleh is fantastic too.The best falafel I've had in NYC. I lived in Israel when I was younger and the falafels are comparable. The shawarma I had was good as well, but the falafel is the winner. I can eat two of them in 20minutes.Love LOVE duzan!! Chicken shwarma is amazing! Kofte kabob is so good! Pita so fresh and soft. Rice so delightful. I love the food here. It's definitely one of my go to place. The prices are good. Serves some really good and fast Mediterranean food at a decent price when compared to the competition in the area.First visit - damn good falafel sandwich for $4.50. The place is super loud and not the most pleasant environment, and the staff are a little spacey, but they're very nice and the food is delicious. I noticed they have schnitzel here as well, which I'll be curious to try next time.Update: I went back the next day. And the next day. And I went yesterday.I searched to find good Shawarma in NYC, this one was most suitable for tonight, It was't busy but it took so long ..... staff didn't put orders in line so 3 people got their orders before me though i put my order before them and we had same order, after about 45 min a got my sandwich, i can't say it was tasty "shawarma" but it was good as a sandwich.Crispy pieces of falafel and the best babaganoush I ever had. I will definitely come back to try their hummus and other vegetarian/vegan-friendly dishes!Ordered delivery. Absolutely delicious! With the thousands of Arabic food restaurants in the area, this is perhaps the only one I will ever order from or eat at. The tabbouleh, unlike everywhere else in the neighborhood, was fantastic, and super fresh. The chicken kebab is seasoned to perfection, and the rice.... That rice, plain white basmati rice, I literally had to stop myself from eating it. The bread arrived hot and puffy and simply delicious. I am so happy now, after 10 years in this neighborhood, somebody got it right.I had a restaurant certificate I purchased online to this place and when I presented it to them, they told me that they do not accept the certificates anymore. The company I bought it from did not honor their contract with Duzan.But how is that my problem? I paid for this certificate and they should honor it. So instead of serving a party of 6, they decided to watch us all walk out the door.I really think business should honor a certificate that a customer purchased for their restaurant that has no expiration date.Great Schwarma place. Everything is fresh and made to order.  Just bring your patience with you as you will wait during lunch and dinner hours, but well worth the wait.  Highly recommend Duzan.  Welcome back!!Oh my! Love this lil spot. The food was delicious! I had the chicken shawarma platter. It came with salad and rice. You can have a bottle of sauce at your table too, which is great because I love tahini sauce. The meal was so flavorful.The only downside to Duzan is that I wish it was cleaner...The owner should invest in cleaning this place up, putting in new tables and chairs and painting the walls. The uncleanliness is a turn off.This review is for delivery only, I haven't yet been inside the restaurant. But this place has one of the best falafel sandwiches I've ever had, and I eat a lot of falafel.The falafel is perfectly crispy and flavorful without being greasy at all. It almost feels healthy because it's so non-oily. The vegetables and sauce inside the pita are great as well. It's perfect, and you can't beat it at only $4!I've also had the falafel platter with the Duzan fresh cut fries, which are also delicious, and the pita...oh, the pita. It's homemade and it's amazing. So fluffy and perfect.Equally as amazing as the pita are the different types of hummus... I love the classic, the Hummus Yafa (topped with mushrooms and onions), and the Hummus Abu Ghosh (topped with roasted garlic and pine nuts). The hummus portions are HUGE and you only get 2 pitas I believe, so you might want to order some extra for your leftovers. The hummus is also great leftover for lunch the next day.Delicious, fresh food! They have whole wheat pitas that they make fresh. The cook is super friendly and funny. He was trying out a new cookie recipe and shared them for free. It's my 3rd time there and it's been consistently great. I will be a regular here for sure. So ymmmmy!  In fact, I placed my sandwich down to type this....ok back to eating.Service may be slow but honestly with food this consistent and satisfying - who cares. All is forgiven. The Pitas are baked fresh and served warm. What is key is that the pitas are fluffy and somehow not dense while still being durable enough to house the many salads, sauces and other fixings you are going to want to cram in before devouring some of the best chicken Shawarmah in New York City. (Unfortunately - to get good classic lamb Shawarmah you need a passport these days) The foul medamams is the perfect combination of salty, spicy, garlicky and acidic. You are going to need 4 pitas at least to mop up every last bit of this excellently executed rendition of a classic brined fava bean dip. If I lived closer by I would without a doubt frequent this place.Duzan has the best gyros in the area that I have found on Grubhub or Seamless. And I have tried them all. Delivery is usually quick and the food is always excellent.Outstanding chicken schwarma!  I'm hooked on Duzan.  The service is fast and friendly; the food is amazing.  Try a side of falafel! Unbeatable. You won't leave hungry.Oh my god! Their mix shawarma platter with fries is the shit! But only when you're eating in not when you're taking out it gets a bit soggy :(Stopped in to eat at Duzan this time, not takeout.  Placed our order for a chicken schwarma and falafel sandwiches. We were asked if we wanted our food "spicy", this was a new option for me, so I said yes.  It was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good.  I have raved about Duzan on many occasions, and I am constantly encouraging my fellow friends and Yelper's to taste their delicious food, but this is changed my meal entirely.  Thanks for the tip and that peppery spiciness. See you soon DuzanLove your food! Best in Astoria! PLEASE start delivering again. You've lost our business since we can't easily get to you when we want Duzan, we'd love to give you our money again in exchange for your delicious delicious food.Where do I start!!!?? I can not say enough good things about Duzan!  The food is fresh and healthy; made with good wholesome and natural ingredients.  This is a true example of what Mediterranean food should taste like and the owner brings his own flare to the food of his land.  I will go back weekly if possible!!! :-)YES! This place knows what it's doing!Chicken Shawarma on pita is delicious! Their falafel (9pcs) for $3 is a GREAT deal. I LOVE their "Duzan" sauce, as well as their garlic spread. Quality food at very reasonable prices. The only thing I don't like is that sometimes they take a while to deliver. I remember one instance where it took them almost 1.5 hrs to arrive (they need to hire more delivery people). I was pissed but then I ate the food and forgot all about my troubles.Go with Duzan!The  falafel is the best I've had so far.. The freshest veggies came with  the falafel sandwich. I tried the  hummus and it was creamy and delicious.. Clean place, friendly staff, and fresh food. The sandwich, soda, and fries cost 9 bucks, good dealI highly recommend the falafel.  Unlike other places the falafel is light and airy, it's not some heavy fried oil ball. The hummus Had just the right amount of garlic, the pita was fresh and warm. The staff was also very friendly and welcoming.  I agree with others that the environment is a little loud but the food is worth it.  If nothing else take the food home with you, you will not be disappointed.I am giving this place an extra star for the pita bread alone because it was just so soft, warm and delicious! This place is a good for those days your hungry and just craving some Middle Eastern food without having to go somewhere that is fast food like cartfood or too fancy a restaurant. I went with  a friend and got a falafel for about $5 and the Duzan Mixed Grill for $14.The falafel was AMAZING absolutely perfect with a mixture of pickled pieces and salad. The pita was soft and we were served with two different sauces which made it just perfect. Ideal for the price! The Duzan Mixed Grill on the other hand was disappointing because it had some dry chicken shawarma, a long lamb kebab, and well seasoned chicken kebab. The meat was in a much smaller portion than what you would expect for paying $14. It comes with a great amount of salad, they give you a scoop of each type of salad in their salad bar which was yum! They also gave two little tin cups of a spicy red chili sauce I  just LOVED and a green mintier tasting sauce which was great. The variety in sauces really just made the meal awesome. Definitely worth checking out and trying!We were thoroughly satisfied with our kafta plate. All their sides were tasty, and they were more than accommodating when they made a mistake on the sides. Great little place for a quick bite.Love the food here. I have only ever had the sandwiches hummus and felafel. Of these I have no hesitation reccomending the sandwiches and hummus. The felafel is average.Has to be one of my favorite restaurants ever.   I've tried lots of different shawarma and falafel places, and this is (imo) the best.  The falafel is the best I've ever had. Crispy and flavorful.  The chicken shawarma sandwiches are fresh and overstuffed.  The platters are yummy too.  They bake their Pitas in house.  Everything is fresh and authentic, and HEALTHY! Tastes good and healthy is a winner in my book.  The Duzan sauce is also amazing.. I always order and extra tub and put it on everything.. Even as a dip for pita.. It's that good!THE BEST shawarma and hummus I've had in the US.Take it from a native middle-eastern - I'm a harsh critic when it comes to this food. Duzan is hands down my favorite. Keep telling all my friends about it and they always tell me how much they loved it.You must try it out!Try the chicken shawarma in pita - and make sure you ask for Amba sauce :-) My gf's favorite is the Arabia salad with chicken - also amazing.Their food is great. Chicken schwarma sandwich and platter are great. The chicken schnitzel anything is tasty. Hummus is good. Decently priced.  However, their delivery time kinda sucks. They tend to go over an hour. My last order took an hour and 20 minutes. I'm aware they won't be quick but it kinda sucks. If I am low on time I don't order from them.Great food. Clean place. Good service. Highly recommended. I went there late at night and the food was excelent. Fast service. I did called up once ahead to pick up and that worked good too.Am I the only one who didn't think this was "the best shawarma anyone has ever eaten in the history of the world?" It was super salty and kind of fatty. The sandwich WAS huge and it tasted fine, but I've had better shawarmas at other places on Steinway, and for less money (not that I'm complaining--the sandwich was $6, so it didn't break the bank). Now I want a shawarma. Damn, girl.Arguably the best shawarma in nyc! Used to be a mamouns faithful but duzan got me on lock these days. The guys who run it are mad friendly and the food is consistently great. They need to expand and have a larger delivery range..Been coming here for two years. Owners are super nice and i love the chicken shwarma platter there. I always devour it right away and fall asleep with a food baby, there's no better Mediterranean restaurant around me for this good of a price. I'll be coming here for years to come.I went to this place on a Friday night. The place was kind of empty for a Friday night but then again, it was on the eve of "an epic snow storm". Unfortunately the weatherman was so wrong but I had a great time at Duzan.I purchased a $25 Restaurant.com certificate, but the terms was that I had to buy $35 dollars worth of food. It's very difficult to order up so much food for 2 people. So we decide to order two entrees and have the rest of the food as takeout.I ordered the chicken kebab platter and my gf ordered beef shawarma. Both dishes were delicious and made to order. My chicken was super juicy and grilled just right. Then the ridiculously friendly staff told us to try their 3 different types of sauces. The tahini sauce was light but very flavorful. After the extremely filling platters, which was only $22 bucks, we had to find a way to reach the $35 minimum. So we ordered a chicken schnitzel sandwich, 8 falafel balls and a pastry. Wow that was a lot of food!All in all, I hope this place gets more business because if its that slow on a Friday night then its hard to see them last a long time.Very bad customer service at this place, I mean very badd customer service. Went there few times the food is okay but one of the owner is very rude. This guy has no customer service skills. This place takes hour to get your order ready. I asked after waiting for 40 mins, how long more and he tells me if you can't wait go else where.Here for the hummus. Nice warm bread. Middle Eastern electronica and dance music is pumpin'. Who needs to hear when you are eating anyway?I recently moved away from Astoria and I really miss Duzan - I feel like we moved away from friends, as my husband and I were regulars. It's the only restaurant in the "Little Egypt" section of Steinway that we'd even consider going into, other than Cafe Via Espresso next door or Dunkin' Donuts across the street - everything isn't in Arabic and the place isn't full of hookah smoke. ;)It's my favorite falafel sandwich I've had in NY. Period. We fortunately lived right down the block so I can't say anything about delivery, but if you have delivery issues, just go in. You'll love it in there anyway! The guys are extremely friendly, and they run around like madmen, working as fast as possible to get your food prepared. It's all freshly made, and the portions are quite large - it's a really good value. We'll have to come back up to Astoria just for Duzan. I'm craving it!Excellent food!!! And exceptional customer service. Most fresh and best tasting shawarma in all of New York!!!I slept on Duzan for the first few years after it opened, as though it were a strange middle eastern bed of sorts. Then I was reading Yelp under the guise of working and most everyone had great things to say about the chicken shwarma and I thought - "I haven't  had chicken shwarma in quite some time." So later that week, I rounded up my wife (aka my GF from previous reviews) and we strolled down Steinway to see what was really good.Duzan, as one of my fellow reviewers noted below, totally looks like someone gave up during remodeling it. And the person doing the remodelling was likely blind or trying some sort of experiment to see if food tasted better in a hideously decorated room. Seriously, the shit is straight comedy. Don't plan on eating there.My dude the dude who works there took our order quickly and was off, slicing chicken off the spit for me and frying up falafel for my wife and lacing our platters with rice, slaw (which is incredible) and salad vegetables. The chicken was very tasty and had a nice slightly crispy texture to it (which has been lacking the times I've ordered it for delivery - causing me to reheat it on the stove at home). We also ordered a side of falafel, which was made fresh on the spot. They have a nice pickled acoutrements salad bar, that complimented the platters nicely. Their tahini and hot sauce are both included, along with the house sauce which is just not a good look. I've tried the kefta from there as well, which is salty and delicious.While Little Morroco is the superior option, I am incredibly happy whenever I order from Duzan. That said, as noted below their delivery times are ridiculous. So, instead of passive-aggresively bitching on Yelp, I order well before I get hungry. So I have the food when I am hungry. In Astoria, Duzan can and does get lost in the crowd. In another place (Russia? Utah?), it would likely be the finest middle eastern food for hundreds of miles. Or not, I've never been to Russia or Utah. Am I still writing this shit? In summary - Duzan is good, you should not plan on eating there and if you call for delivery, be prepared to wait an hour or more.When Duzan first opened, it was a rather pleasant place to go to for a  quick, tasty meal. Unfortunately, that has changed. As the business has grown, the service has gone down. As a rule, you will have to wait considerably for a meal that should take less than a minute to prepare. Remember,  shawarma which is their hallmark dish is already prepared. All that they have to do is slice it off the skewer and pile it on a pita bread or on a plate and then add some pickled vegetables, etc...  FORGET IT, if you think that you'll get fast service. I'm not saying that every single time you go there, it'll be slow, but as a rule, it is and that's a sin for a fast-food restaurant. Even if the place is empty,  don't count on quick service. Chances are that they will be running around taking outside orders, and you'll just have to sit there and wait for them to prepare a long list of orders-over-the-phone. Even when you try to  pay for the food, you have to wait, because they're often on the phone taking an order while you're just standing there with the money in your hand. Also, as the old adage goes, "haste makes waste." Lately even the pickled vegetables don't taste as they once did. They taste bland and need more pickling, and the chicken shawarma is sometimes undercooked and often has blobs of repulsive looking yellow chicken fat  on it.  Now, I'm not going to say that everything is horrible all of the time. It's not. When they get it right, and the food is well prepared, it  hits the spot, since they give you good portions and the food can be tasty.  Another plus side, lately, they have been decorating the place and while the decor is very nice and I give them an A for that, it it has lost something. I don't know, perhaps they're trying to be trendy and appeal to a younger crowd, but they no longer play the Arabic music and they've removed the TV where they used to play Arabic programs which used to add an authenticity and an ambiance  to the place. Now they have this loud house music playing all the time that's annoying and repetitive and the antithesis of a good eating experience where the music should be in the background not in your ears.Living in NYC I have eaten lots of MIddle Eastern food. I have been to Cairo Steakhouse (once and never again!) and I frequent the Halal Sandwich Shop which is a favorite. Strangely I have never noticed Duzan. A friend took me there today and whoa! Just that pita bread alone delighted me so so much! I wanted to buy a whole bunch of pita breads to take home! Yum! I order the chicken shawarma platter with a choice of fries or rice. I got the rice and my friend got french fries. My plate came with delicious chicken shawarma, mixed fresh salad, thick sliced onion, surprisingly yummy tangy lettuce and perfect fluffy white rice. It was A LOT of food for $9.75. I am definitely adding Duzan to my favorite list!The best shawarma in Astoria, fast delivery. Owners are great people.I was walking by yesterday and decided to just go in and get my lunch from here. Best choice I had made yesterday! I didn't know what to order so the guy at the counter suggested Chicken Shawarma, so I went for it. He asked if I wanted fries or rice with it and I said neither. So he said ok, I'll make it a salad and I said AWESOME! The boy that made it put everything on it from the salad bar including some white and some pink sauce. I took it to go and as soon as I got home I ripped the bag open because the smell was driving me insane with hunger. I also saw there was some type of bread wrapped in foil. I tasted the bread and MY GOD!!! It was amazing! Only to realize NOW after seeing pictures on yelp did I learn that that was a Pita Bread! I have NEVER EVER tasted pita bread that good!!! As for the chicken shawarma, it also tasted great! I just wish I wasn't on a diet so that I could enjoy it with rice or fries. However, this was definitely the best chicken salad I've had thus far and SUPER flavorful.The food is awesome and comes at a good price. Delivery is always quick (within 40 minutes).Wowamazing. This is my favorite shawarma place in New York. Amazing prices, great atmosphere, incredible value and most importantly - delicious food! This place is always hopping as it is a hub of the Little Arabia neighborhood. And the guys tending the grill are racing to shave and grill enough meat to fill all of the takeout, seamless, and in person orders. I love it.I love this place. It looks like a generic/corporate/chain kind of spot, which is especially out of place on Steinway. But the food is anything but generic. The foul - warm, lemony, garlicky goodness - is probably the best I've ever had. Their pitas are nice and fluffy and the pickles are just perfect. TIP: Grab a bag of extra pita at the deli three doors down for $1.This is one of my favorite spots. We usually order for a large group at work so we call in our order than we pick up especially if kofta as that takes time. The shawarma is great and the sauce are amazing@ times a bit too salty.Excellent and large quantities.Just wish the falafel was more crisp...Great middle eastern food. Nice, fresh & cheap. Ask for the chicken shawarma. The place needs a better decor, but the food is great.I pass this every day on my walk back from the train and feel bad that I'm not eating there more often. The one time I DID eat here, I can barely describe. I got chicken. In a pita. Along with almost every vegetable that was available. Everything was fresh and delicious. My only complaint would be that it wasn't spicy enough, though I'm sure if I wasn't the worst person ever and went here more, we'd be able to work something out more to my liking through getting to know each other better.Love this place.  Everything is great.  The home made bread is the kicker - I could eat just That and be in heaven.  That being said they deliver on all meats, falafel and even have delicious hummus.Reminds me of European-Middles Eastern take out. So good. Please re-open.So In my previous review, I was upset with the time difference for delivery.  I was never upset with the food.  At the request of the owner, I decided to try Duzan again.Again, I was very pleased with the food.  The delivery time was quicker than expected, and the food was, as always, very good.  Due to the responsive nature of the owner, I feel I owe him a new review, especially focusing on the good food.I ordered two of the Shawarma on Lafeh.  It is, right now, my favorite item at Duzan.  First, it is HUGE, and filled with Shawarma chicken, onions, sweet peppers, red cabbage, tahini, and their Duzan sauce.  It is only $9.95, and is by far well worth the price.  The Lafeh bread is a very thin bread that does not get soggy--which makes this wrap/sandwich easy to eat despite being twelve inches long.I've tried several of the Hummus offerings, my favorite being the Abu Ghosh with the pinenuts.  The consistency has been across the board, creamy, smooth, and not too dry.  We usually get it with their homemade whole wheat pita--very tasty.Last time I ordered I got the Jalleli--it was not too spicy, despite the fresh chilis in it, but very flavorful.This time I had the best, I mean BEST, Babaganouj I have ever had.  Duzan has it down to an art--smoky, creamy, tangy, and well seasoned.  I found wishing there was more.Though I may have had trouble in the past with the delivery--I am glad I tried them again-- they are top notch on my favorite levantine food in the area.The shawarma is so freaking good here.Just eat it and be happy, your not getting sandwiches like this anywhere else in queens let alone all the 5 Boros. It the closest sandwich to back home you'll get without getting pulled over by the idfI was in the mood for hummus and I turned to yelp and read about this place and decided to give them a try. Since everyone was raving about the chicken schwarma sandwich I decided to order that and the hummus. The food itself was quite good, what was not good was the amount of time  I was forced to wait for the food to arrive. I ordered at 1:36pm and the food arrived at 2:56pm!! This is after I called the place to inquire about my order and was told that it would arrive in 10 minutes. Based on my delivery experience I would not order from this place again. The food was good so I won't rule out eating from here but I will make sure to go in person instead of waiting over an hour for delivery.I love the salad they placed on my chicken and rice.  Meats are on point and I haven't tasted a dish like theirs in my life. Truly a Mediterranean cuisine worth tryingTheir food is amazing, the place is clean and music choice is appreciated. I loved the hummus shawarmas and chicken platter. Hot sauce is good and so is their tahini. I guess I really enjoyed this place.Been here 5 times since I first ate there in January of 2012. Clean and tasty shwarma, hummus, fattoush, etc. They are good!!!Love the food here, but so annoyed about the delivery time that I feel the need to change my review.I don't feel like an hour+ is a justifiable time for delivery. If it is a problem the hire more staff? Obviously I'm not the only one that feels this way from the other reviews.The food is outstanding but you will use customers if you don't improve your delivery system.Nothing beats a mix grill platter from Duzan. The sauce is so delicious, and you get so much food for a good price. We get takeout from this place every week and it is always a pile of the most delicious meat, rice and veggies ever. Be prepared to be a little smelly afterward.  Who cares, though?  It is completely worth it.Duzan is great. The Hummus is among the BEST I've ever tasted! It's light and creamy with a nice punch of tahini. The Chicken Schwarma sandwich is fantastic! It's a meal in a pita. The chicken is tender and flavorful. The salads are fresh and tasty. The house baked pita bread is incredible and the tahina dipping sauce is so good I can drink it! :)They serve fresh food at reasonable prices and provide very good value. I highly recommend you try Duzan.Absolutely wonderful, the spot that made me fall in love with Astoria. Regrettably, this was my first shawarma/falafel stop once I moved to NYC, making every other place in the city seem utterly pedestrian by comparison. In addition to everything else that countless reviewers have rightfully praised, I feel that their pita alone warrants a five star review, as this is a simple and crucial element to any Middle Eastern/Mediterranean spot that is frequently overlooked. Furthermore, I have had nothing but excellent interactions with everyone behind the counter. I recommend you get one of everything on the menu, and I recommend that you do this as frequently as possible.Let me just go ahead and say that I've ordered so much delivery from here I think they know me by name. Last time I ordered I even got a smiley face on my container.I pretty much stick to the falafel platter, but my boyfriend seems to really enjoy the shawarma too. Great food, and nice staff.Favorite place in the neighborhood to get delivery, or late nite.Duzan kinda makes me want to move to Astoria. Yeah, it was that good.This place is bright, clean, and small, and the staff is amazing! Seriously, the guy working there was insanely helpful and friendly. 5 stars just for him!I had the falafel in a home-made pita loaded with fresh veggies and fresh hummus and tahini. The Mister had chicken shawarma in a pita with similar stuffings. Both of these were beyond delicious! If you're living in the neighborhood, then you need to make this one of your regular spots. And if you're in the City, then go hop on a 25-minute ride on the N - it's well worth it.I've been in Astoria for awhile, but recently got reacquainted with Yelp and wanted to try something new for dinner last night. Based on Tara M's review I went with Duzan.I ordered on Seamless Web around 9, but had to run some errands so I wanted it there at 10:45. I ordered the beef shawarma platter. Three minutes after ordering, I got a call from the owner saying that they were out of beef. He apologized profusely and said that he would give me chicken instead, with two kebabs to make up for it. I mentioned that it was my first time ordering and he said he wanted to make sure things went well.I was worried that since I specified a later delivery time, it would either still come early, or be cold. At exactly 10:45, the delivery guy showed up with piping hot food.The shawarma was great, with lots of rich flavor, almost like dark meat turkey. The kebab was also very good - the first bite was plain, but then the many spices in the meat hit you. The bed of salad everything was on was good, but a little too much slaw for my liking - I would have preferred a little more lettuce. But, everything was very fresh. The whole wheat pita was pretty average, although I may be spoiled by the abundance of good naan and other breads in Astoria.The owner included 5 different sauces and a handwritten note that said "We've sent you all the sauces on the house to try. Enjoy every singl bite. PS - Sorry for the beef shawarma" The note also included a hilariously creepy smiley face which I cannot recreate with text.Overall, the food was great, and I was very impressed with the level of service. It goes to show you that being out of a certain food doesn't prevent the customer from having a good experience, if you know what you're doing and/or can draw crosseyed faces with three hairs on top.I went to this place twice within one week of moving into my new apartment. I tried the chicken shawarma sandwich ($6) and the falafel sandwich ($4.50). The food gets 5 stars, hands down. Both sandwiches were perfection. Fresh melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. Definitely the best shawarma and falafel I've had in NYC (a close 2nd being the King of Falafel and Shawarma on Broadway)! The interior of the place is a bit strange. It looks like someone gave up in the middle of remodeling. Also, one time I had to wait ab 5 minutes before anyone came to the counter, but the food is worth waiting for.Ordered from them through GrubHub. The email told me I'd have my order in an hour (which, I've never had anyone take as long as it says in the email). An hour went by, no delivery. I called Duzan, and was told that he didn't see my order waiting, so the delivery guy must have taken it already and should be there any minute. He offered no apologies for the wait. Another 25 minutes go by (now an hour and 25 minutes since a simple, $20 order was placed) and no food. I contacted GrubHub who looked into it. Turns out they ran out of beef and couldn't fulfill my order. So not only did Duzan neglect to contact me when they realized that, the guy on the phone lied to me saying the delivery guy already was out with my order. GrubHub took care of it thankfully, and refunded my order. I will not be ordering from Duzan again. Zero for customer service, zero for the food (which never got delivered).How have I managed to not review this place yet? Oh, that's right, because I was selfish and wanted to keep it my little secret :)Seriously, best schwarma I've ever had! That includes scharma in Israel, as well as anywhere in Manhattan. I've dined in and taken out from here, and the people that work here are SO nice. They're really chill, you don't pay until you leave if you eat-in, and the portions are great.I have no idea what kind of schwarma meat I've had, because I don't ask, I just eat. But whatever it is, it's always been great. I've been the first customer here in the morning and one of the last ones here at night, and whether I have the first slicing or the last, it's always been moist and delicious. They let you decide what toppings you want, and I've never been disappointed.I don't think they have delivery, which would be the only improvement I could think of...unless they've added it recently, in which case they're awesome all-around!I've walked by this place before on my journey up Steinway but never really paid much attention to it.  I finally took the dive in and ordered delivery from here.  I ordered it directly from seamless web and within 35 minutes, I had delicious food at my door.  I ordered the mixed grill and the kuffa (sp?) for desert.  The main entree came with a salad (beets, tomato, lettuce, and pickles), pita, and rice with a variety of meat.  The food was fresh, tasty, and the portions were generous.  I tasted like a lot of the middle eastern fare I've had before, but the price is right and the portions are great.  The kuffa is very similar to baklava but instead of the pistachios are sandwiched in between something similar to shredded wheat cereal.This place has the best chicken kebab in Astoria. Their platters are very flavorful and their potassium are very soft, warm and chewy. Great middle eastern dishes also on the menu. The eye candy at the counter is also a plus!UPDATE: I was contacted by the owner apologizing for my disappointing experience, and I'm in the process of getting in contact with him. From a customer service stand point, I'm impressed, and hopefully I will have the opportunity to be impressed by the food.ORIGINAL REVIEW: **I was really disappointed after reading so many positive reviews here on Yelp. I am willing to give Duzan the benefit of the doubt and hope that the dining-in experience is much better than the ordering-in.I ordered online through Grub Hub, the falafel platter with rice & salad, and added the Duzan fries for $1 extra. I was immediately disappointed upon seeing my meal. There were literally 5 fries, not exactly what I'd call an add-on. As I dove in to eat, I found that the entire meal was cold. I had to heat it up, and trying a second time, was still disappointed. Overall, the meal was incredibly dull and flavorless. The falafel was palatable, but certainly isn't anything I would recommend to anyone. On a good note, the plain rice was cooked well. The salad was what I expected, a few out-of-season tomatoes, crunchy lettuce, and sadly lackluster pickled radishes.Bottom line on this place: you get what you pay for. Duzan is incredibly inexpensive, and the food reflects the low price point. Unfortunately for them, there are other equally affordable falafel offerings in Astoria, that also happen to be incredibly delicious. I will not be ordering from Duzan again.Super Yummy, great Chicken Swarmha, delicious fries & affordable. What more can a girl ask for. I drove some friends out to the airport & I decided to try this place. Yelp didn't steer me wrong!Ordered from here for the first time via Seamless the day after the massive snowstorm. Delivery was super quick and food arrived warm. Off to a great start. I ordered the chicken kabab platter, a small order of falafel and hummus for my kid (she's 14 months old), and an order of 5 pita bread. The chicken was great - well seasoned and cooked, served over a flavorful rice. I was impressed. The falafel (of course I had to try it) was probably the best I've had in the neighborhood. Small, round balls with a bit of a spicy kick to them. The hummus may have been the only slightly down part of the food - it was kind of bland and had way too much olive oil on it. All in all a great meal at a great price. I'd definitely order from here again. And again. And again.Delicious baba ganoush and hummus, drenched in olive oil as it should be. The pit bread was fluffy, moist, and fresh. I'm definitely coming back here. The service was prompt and cordial. Not bad for the price.Very Rude. Tried to order delivery, they said okay. Reached the $10 minimum and then when I didn't order more they said I was too far to deliver.Duzan is absolutely amazing!! My husband and I are ordering from them at least once a week for the past year. They have not let us down even once. Their hummus is the real thing (we both from Israel so we know what a real hummus should taste like) and always fresh.  The mushroom and fava beans toppings are my favorite. They also have whole wheat pitas (they bake them on the premisses) which is a big plus! Try their green garlic paste, it goes with everything! The veggie salad is always chopped by hand and always fresh (they make them to order). We love them so much that we decided to cater our party with Duzan. We ordered for 25 people. When the food came it seemed there was enough for 50 people! The guests loved it and asked where the food is from. I spoke with Hassan regarding catering and he was very pleasant to deal with. Always available for questions.You had me at "falafel".I had no idea what this place was as I came back from picking up my laundry but was psyched I found a new falafel joint less than 300 ft from where I live. The staff is nice, quick with service and of course, they make a damn good falafel.My coworker kept referring to this place as his "perfect hummus" place, and indeed, I can see why.  The consistency is like no other hummus I've ever had... and the pitas are thick, soft and fluffy as all good pitas should be.  My friend raved about his chicken shawarma, and I had the falafel which with surprisingly light, yet crunchy on the outside.  Just excellent.  I wish I lived closer.  Plus the price is just right.the grilled chicken platter never disappoints.  the duzan fries are delicious as well.  I recommend going in and eating the food right when it's made though.I love Duzan. I moved back to Astoria about three weeks ago and I've ordered from Duzan at least five times. The food is so delicious that every time the question comes up, "should we order food?". Duzan wins every time. Falafel sandwich...amazing. Fool...has a zesty, citrus quality All salads...fresh and full of flavor. Drawbacks... Place your order before you get hungry. It's going to be a while before it gets delivered. However, the food is so good...I just can't subtract a star.I frequent this place because they usually have good schwarma sandwiches. Note the word USUALLY. Their chicken/beef schwarmas are $5 which is awesome and USUALLY tasty. The last few orders have gone down hill. I order from seamless and you have the option of altering your order (ie: wheat). Each time I order from them they consistently give me regular pita bread. I want WHEAT DAMN IT! The fries kinda suck too. It tastes double friend and hard sometimes. The food is never consistent. They also take a long time to deliver. Maybe I should dine-in to see if its any different...to be continued...I had high expectations for this place based on the yelp reviews. While this was good I dont think its anything to go out of your way for.  The pita bread was fresh, the falafel is tasty and so is the hummus.  I love the idea of the add your own condiment bar(pickles, jalapenos etc) but everything in it looked like it had been sitting out forever and kind of dirty so I couldn't try any of those things. The whole place could use a facelift(good cleaning, paint). If it were cleaner and that pickle bar was fresher I would go back for the falafel for sure.I must say I love this place more and more every time I go there or order from there. I've ordered so much they know my voice and address at this point and I still take all my friends there. Everyone thats been there absolutely loves it!Please read this review if you want the full and true narrative experience of what it is to dine at Duzan. First off, I rarely give a place 4 stars but the food is sensational!! They have THE BEST chicken schwarma I have tasted and the pita is nice and soft  and fluffy and they have a varied assortment of salads and sides that pair magnificently with their main courses. The hummus is bomb! However the weird vibe there must be addressed. I must alert you that the owner, ol' baby-blue eyes who is ALWAYS there, can be a tawdry mess and make you feel like a jackass if you don't have his menu memorized. And If you happen to ask what he considers a 'wrong' question, be prepared to be made to feel like a dildo. My most recent episode included him reminding me that I was truly asking two questions instead of one and that if I were choosing my food to stay, he wanted to know, "for how long?" He really shouldn't take himself so seriously because most people do not want to be harassed. In the end, I chalk his junky attitude up to lack of experience with customers. Who talks to people like that?????Short story is that he has an arrogant personality that can strike the wrong chord if you are trying to just grab a quick meal and get the hell out.  The sad thing is that I doubt he is the type of person to self reflect and ponder why his business isn't taking off despite a superior product. This last visit I decided that  Duzan will now only be on my agenda if I am ordering take out. Check it out. You might have to do the same as well.just go yo! chicken platter all the way! unlimited sauce action at the tables! open late! so delicious worth a drive and a half! love it. eat at duzan. eat eat eat.We got Chicken Shawarma and were very satisfied. Nothing special, nothing extra, just tasty and well prepared meat which, considering the price, is excellent deal. Green interior is smoothing, I am glad there was no loud music like in many similar places. All an all, very nice experience and the trip to the intersection of Steinway St. and Astoria Blvd. was totally worth it. And after the meal, you can have Dunkin Donuts coffee which is just the other side of the street.There are a lot of places you can go to get a chicken shwarma. Especially on Steinway street. However, no joke this is the best one hands down. I have been coming here for about 2 years now and I just can't get enough of this place. I have tried just about everything on the menu and every time I try something new, it becomes my new favorite. This place is the cleanest I have seen. And the best part about the food is that it is all made fresh, and youy will see that too. But don't take my word for it. Try it for yourselves. Anything I guarantee you will love it.I've yet still to find a place that can top this one!Probably the best and most authentic shawarma outside of the middle east, Duzan serves some amazing sandwiches. Just get the shawarma with everything--and indulge.More like 3.5 but not quite 4. I have been here twice and while the falafel is delicious, the salad bar is deceptive. You don't get to choose from the extras like pickled turnips, peppers or pita chips and the guy making the falafel never asks so I assume they don' t offer it.The other thing that I dislike is that they use the same utensil for everything from the salad, to the falafel to the shrawma. There is so much cross-contamination that is puts me off. I am sure I can ask that they use a different spoon or pair of tongs but I should not have to police them; this is basic food hygeine.  I think I saw an 'A' letter grade but the cross-contamination spoils it for me.If the above issues don't bother you then I would definitely recommend you come here as this is possibly the best falafel I have had in Astoria.  Otherwise, you could go to Maoz or Taim in the city.I've eaten here twice in the last month. Each time, I had the Chicken Shawarma platter (about $9), which comes w/ salad and either fries or rice (I got it w/ fries). It comes w/ a few pieces of freshly-baked pita bread as well, and an assortment of sauces...tahini, fry sauce, and a mango pickle sauce. The food is very good and very fresh...you can tell that they use quality ingredients- nothing's been sitting around or been reheated. Service is fast and friendly- the chef is a really nice guy and he was very accommodating when I told him to "go light on the onions, some pickles are okay, but absolutely no radishes please". Other ppl probably would've rolled their eyes, but I'm pregnant and I can't eat the way that I normally do (thanks to heartburn!), so I appreciate the courtesy.Portions are generous, and the price is great, too. The 4 of us had dinner for about $44 (not incl. tip)...not bad at all. They also have kunafa and baklava, which are both good and taste super fresh. Overall, if you're looking for fresh, authentic Arab food in Queens, definitely give Duzan a try.Very fresh, tasty  homemade food.For this type of food definitely deserves 4 stars!This place serves the best Middle Eastern food in New York. I think the fresh pita bread they make in store is great and makes some fantastic sandwiches. The Hummus is also made fresh in store.The sandwiches are all great.Glad we have such an authentic spot in Astoria. Originally from Israel, we are very picky with our Mediterranean food - we're not easily impressed. But the food is delicious - the falafel and lamb kebab sandwich are our favorites. Hummus w/chickpeas is great as well. They use pitas imported from Jerusalem! Owner/manager is really nice, takes pride in his work.By far the best Arabian schwarma in the city. Along with yummy falafel and hummus. Homemade baked pita and tasty salads! My number one go to place in Astoria.This is one of the 1st restaurants i started eating at on Steinway. When we walked in and asked for a menu they explained they were being reprinted and the owner took the time to explain all the options they had. We decided on chicken shwarma sandwich and a falafel sandwich. Both were excellent. The shwarma is their specialty and I continue to return for it after trying others in the same area. The restaurant has been newly renovated and is bright and clean if lacking dining atmosphere. The portions are HUGE for the price and they have LOTS of great home made toppings for their sandwiches. These include pickles, pickled cabbage and pickled turnip as well as all the standard veggies. They have 3 sauces i have tried so far, traditional tahini, a slightly spicy mango sauce (very tasty) and a garlic mayo. This is a great on the go restaurant, with a friendly staff and excellent food.Tried the Lamb Shwarma last night and it was awesome. Different than the chicken but excellent in its own way. The spicy mango sauce was recomended and really highlighted the flavors! Duzan delivers everytime!Hummus Misabichia was great, could be a little less dense. The falafel was good and  nice staff.------4.5 stars------ but the chx is so darn good I still can't believe I'm not giving Duzan 5.I love Duzan.  For the chicken schwarma alone I would keep ordering from them over and over.  But the Humus is also fantastic, I particularly like the one topped with fava beans and the one topped with ground meat.  The salads are also fresh and yummy.  I only deduct .5-star for the fries that while having a nice flavor are just too soggy.  I think it is something with the middle eastern fries style, but I just don't like it.  Double fry those suckers! :)  i also wish they offered their plates with something aside from fries.  It is such an unhealthy option for a meal that otherwise is light.But really, this place is awesome.  The delivery time has gotten a lot better in the past few months, the owner and brother are totally cool and friendly.  I highly recommend.Best chicken shawarma ever. One of the best fry sauces ever. Excellent house-made fries, on par with the best. Friendly and helpful service. Interior is nothing special, but that's not important to me. Reasonable prices. A+I came here based on all of these great yelp reviews.I had luckily been to Astoria once before so I had an idea of where steinway was, but still got a little lost. It is a few blocks from the subway, walk past the burger king and keep going.I walked by the business a few times because I was convinced it wasn't open yet...no one was inside. Turns out I was wrong because I called a few moments later and they said they were open. Oops. At least I got to see what the rest of the businesses on the street were like while I wandered around. I had my first Shwarma last week at a Lebanese restaurant in my home town, since then, I am addicted. It reminds me of the Turkish Döner Kabap.(what my daily diet consisted of while living in Germany)This Shwarma was delicious. The chicken was juicy, the toppings were fresh, the spicy stuff was spicy(some places say something is hot but it has no kick), the sauces the guy gave me to quirt on it were delicious.(btw, the guy that waited on me was really helpful and nice.)The atmosphere involves a lot of bright neon colors, but it gives the place an energetic friendly feel...all the other places on the block were dark, so it is a nice contrast. There was also some music playing and Arabic language news on the television.Just a perfect experience. Even the pita bread was delicious. This was totally worth the subway ride from Manhattan.The food is great and the prices are fair.  Service is 3/5 at best but can't have it all I guess.I'm a frequent of Steinway street and have always passed this place but never gave it a try until one day my friend highly recommended it. I had the chicken shwarma and he had the kofta which were both delicious. The pita bread was so soft and fresh as were the vegetables in the sandwich. I'll have to get the falafel next time-I hear it's good.It kills me to only give this place 3 stars since I love the food so much. But the delivery is HORRID. I ordered from Seamless and the estimated time given was 55 to 70 minutes. Well, the food didn't come for an hour and 45 minutes. This is not the first time this has happened. Also, I always click the "whole wheat" preference for my falafel sandwich, and it only comes with whole wheat about a quarter of the time. The rest of the time I get white bread. Please just call to let me know if you can't give me whole wheat and I'll change my order! And if you can't offer whole wheat somewhat consistently, just take it off the menu as an option, because it's very frustrating to not receive what you ordered. Great falafel, but only eat at the restaurant. DON'T order delivery!I love the chicken shwarma here--it's totally worth the ten minute trek down to steinway and as far as I'm concerned, it's underpriced for how delicious it is. I've tried a few of their other menu items--all have been very good, but as soon as I found the shwarma, I had no reason to order anything else there. I've been coming in about once a week for several months, usually around lunchtime, and have never been disappointed.The place doesn't have much in the way of atmosphere--I probably wouldn't plan to eat in here--but it's a very solid option for takeout.I was really impressed with Duzan the first time I visited, and continue to be pleased with their food every time I order.  On my first visit I was treated to free pita and dipping sauces along with a presentation/explanation of my dish.  It was awesome!  I order the falafel platter every so often on seamless and have never been disappointed.I've been going to Duzan for a while, due to its proximity to my friends apartment, and the moderate pricing. They make some pretty good shawarma though I prefer the marinated kebabs here, as I do at most places. They make their own pita bread, a sandwich as opposed to a platter may be the best choice. I get mine with everything, hummus, pickles, etc. the pickled radish ads a nice accent.Never eaten here in person, but great, fresh and fast delivery of delicious, inexpensive Middle Eastern food. Love the falafel platter.The best ful medames i've ever eaten outside of Egypt.  Probably also the best chicken shawarma I've had in the city.  I never write reviews, but this was necessary.  I will be frequenting this place when I have that Middle Eastern food itch in the future.Edit (11/15/2014): I ordered from Duzan again last night.  The falafel is also completely delicious - not greasy / crunchy on the outside / soft on the inside. Side note: their hot sauce is also amazing.Great food. Very well made chicken breast with rice. Amazing presentation. Great hole in the wall placeGot the falafel platter, was nothing short of absolutely delicious! Def recommend if you're in the area or even if you're not!I had originally walked by this place couple of times, not knowing what type of food they serve.  The name alone doesn't explain alot as to what they serve.  I went to this place along with 2 friends on a sunday afternoon, and it was quite empty.  We were greeted by friendly staff and delicious looking meats behind the counter.  I had ordered the chicken w/rice plate while my other friends had ordered the other with rice.  The food was quite good as it was very moist and alot of flavor.  The tahini and mustard sauce went very well with the food.  The overall presentation was very nice and are no complaints. I definitely will recommend this to anyone looking for a good eat in a clean looking restaurant/takeout.Excellent chicken shawarma, the falafel balls were made fresh to order and tasty as well. I think I will be visiting this place often!It was not until recently that I knew this place was called Duzan. My boyfriend is friendly with an employee that works there by the name of Faisal, so to this day when we want to go there we just say "Lets go to Faisal". It took me such a long time to find a really authentic shawarma spot...most places think that shawarma just means putting cut up chicken in a bread and throwing veggies and hummus in there. Honestly, shawarma is an ART! Duzan has this art down...the shawarma platters and sandwiches are delicious! Be careful with the pepper it is very tasty but VERY hot. I usually ask for it on the side. Minus one war because service does take a while. I am a fan and wish I lived closer!Simply the best falafel sandwich I've had. It's better than ones from Maoz, Kalustian, and as one previous reviewer say, a 100 times better than Pita Pan. The falafels tasted creamy... not grainy! I never thought this was possible but why not? The lamb sharwama is also excellent (my boyfriend said). The best bang for the buck.I only wish that the decor doesn't vibrate in neon green.MMMMMM just thinking about this place makes me salivate. Their hummus is out of this world good. I recently tried their Chicken Schawarma that everyone raves about and I was NOT disappointed. SOO tasty and the portions were big enough for two meals. Be sure to try all their sauces as those are equally as fantastic. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. I've been in their place as well as had their food delivered. I know people complain about their delivery, but I was fortunate enough to have my food delivered not only on time but EARLIER than expected delivery time. Duzan will be staple for me for time to come I'm sure, can't wait to keep trying more from their menu.90 minute delivery time for a falafel and soda, whoooopsokay if you're gonna be on seamless, how about you know how to deliver food? that's the whole reason one uses seamless. they forgot my side salad also.decent falafel sandwich but not worth the wait. i don't know why this place has great reviews. ya blew it.Straight up mediterranean food. This the only place I've tried in the area, so I can't compare it to the others, but it's pretty great. I got falafel with an israeli salad, and friends had shwarma platters and sandwiches. We were all happy with our food, and with the service... although you order at the counter, our plates were  brought to us and there was no hassle about us having sat in the place for 3 hours just chatting away, long after our food was devoured. I'll be back.Saw this place as it was going in and was delighted to have my wife bring some home for dinner last night instead of the boring pasta I was about to make.  Now THIS is what I like in a Falafel...super soft and fresh pita, perfectly fried falafel, not too dry, not too oily, with all the fixins (hummus, fresh tomatoes, onions, slaw, etc) My wife is vegetarian, and they were extra careful to wipe down everything before they started prepping the sandwiches, and used clean utensils for the veggie food, not just grabbing the same pair of tongs they used on the meat. They also gave her a huge extra plate of a variety of salads, hummus, and olives to try for free, when they found out it was her first visit.Great addition to the neighborhood, a refreshing alternative to the more greek styled shawarma places. This is middle eastern style, and, for the record, all the meat is halal. I will definitely be back to try the meat; they have a dish they call the "Jerusalem Mix" which is bound to be tasty!This is a decent place with good pitas. I want to like it, I really do.I got a chicken pita without hummus. Well, it had hummus anyway but that wasn't a big deal. My chicken, however, was like chicken finger chicken. The bad kind - chewy, bland and full of gristle. And tears. The sauce was delicious though, and the falafel inside was surprising and tasty!The slaw was delicious. Yum yum yum. Would come back just for the slaw, which comes with your meal! I'm hoping this place pulls together and gets delicious chicken.Best felafel in Queens!  Best kebab in Astoria!  Garlic hummus is out of this world.  Atmosphere is takeout casual and decor is unfinished - this does not detract from the 5 stars they earned.I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could. For the food, I'd give it 3 stars, then an additional 0.5 stars for the effort. Since they're a new place, I'll reward them for their earnestness and give them 4 stars.My wife and I shared a chicken shawarma plate. It was ok. The chicken shawarma was shredded up -- I don't know... I guess I was expecting the pieces to be a little thicker. It tasted pretty good.One of our friends ordered the falafel and it looked amazing so I look forward to trying that next time.I like going to new restaurants because the employees are very eager to please. They were really excited about having us as first time customers. Also, they're pretty laid back... I wanted to pay right when I ordered just to get it out of the way, but the guy was like, don't worry about the money... eat first and we'll take care of the money later. I like going to places with that attitude.Definitely try it out if you're in the neighborhood!i'm now in love with their jerusalem hummus.  wow!  between their pita bread and the jerusalem hummus.... hummana hummana hummana HUMMUS.  they have been great in accommodating my diet.  I really don't like fries or rice with my order.  the guy behind the counter was really nice about it and accommodated my request.  that's sweet.  just make sure you tip the place for the extra generosity.  it's not a fancy place but when i think of grabbing a quick bit, price and quality....  this place is great.I'm not the biggest fan of their "famous" shwarma but I can definitely get behind their falafel and their customer service.First let me just say the shwarma was okay, but just not the style I prefer and since I can get the kind I like by walking an extra three minutes I'll stick to the falafel. Speaking of which....The sandwich was good. The guy there made the falafel once we ordered (rather than just warming up some old ones), so they had that "fresh out of the fryer" flavor. The falafel itself was good and flavorful. What else is on the sandwich is completely up to you. They have a salad bar of about 8 different things, including pickles and pickles turnips, that they will put on for you. For those curious I got hummus, a garlic spread, pickles, and pickled turnips. Then he put some tahini sauce in a separate container for you to put on yourself. Also those same options and a couple others (minus the hummus and garlic) are available for you to put in your little container you get with the purchase of the sandwich.The guy behind the counter was really friendly and looked like he enjoyed working there with an "everything is great" kind of attitude.I'd recommend going there, try the shwarma is you like, more falafel for me!Just tried this place for the first time. We ordered the chicken kabob sandwich, chicken shwarma sandwich, hummus, and a side of the falafel. The order arrived ahead of schedule (within just a half hour on a Friday night), but unfortunately the order did not arrive with the falafel. However, we called to report the omission and they were very apologetic and assured us they would come through with the falafel. Not only did they quickly return with the missing item, but they gave us a piece of baklava encased in a Styrofoam box on which they'd written "Sorry!!!" We thought this was pretty good business for a small error. As far as taste, this place is great. We were very pleased with the sandwiches - quality meat and vegetables that are seasoned well. The hummus we thought was underwhelming with too much tahini in it. While the falafel seems nontraditional (smaller, saltier than normal) it is DELICIOUS.Pretty good shawarma in a congenial setting. It's counter service but they serve you with real plates and cutlery. Also there is a bathroom, unusual for counter service ethnic food.Excellent Mediterranean food. Chicken shwarma: Amazing.Falafel's: Amazing.Hummus: AmazingFries: Amazing (I know these are not Mediterranean but we were hungry and waiting for our Chicken to be cooked).Definitely go here!Excellent and cheap. What more could you ask for? I had the Falafel and the Chicken Shawarma, both outstanding.i've been back to duzan about a million times after becoming obsessed with the "meal deal" last summer, and have tried pretty much everything on the menu since. (because it's all sooo delicious.)from falafel to hummus to salads to kebabs to schnitzel and my OG favorite, the chicken shawarma, you really can't go wrong. always fresh and extra tasty. pro-tip: don't sleep on the hot sauce!i've always found the service to be super friendly, even from "Ol' Baby-Blue Eyes" (mentioned in another review, haha). highly recommended.Fantastic falafel and the falafel sandwich is only $5! My only complaint is that the dining area could be cleaner, but this is mainly a take-out place so it's not a big deal.I really like the food here. Everything tastes fresh and the portions are good. For something that's filling, tasty and inexpensive I recommend the falafel sandwich.Only thing is they run out of stuff at times.I can definitely recommend this place.Not only the best falafel sandwich on Steinway, but the best falafel sandwich I've ever had....and I've had plenty.  I also got the konafa. I was afraid it would be stale that was my experience in the last few places, but it was amazing.  The guys who work here are really friendly and make sure you get what you want.  I love this place!! The only complaint is that they don't deliver to where I live and I'm not that far.Duzan is incredible. In a neighborhood teeming with delectable variations on the middle eastern culinary tradition of shawarma/gyro/pita sandwiches and other such deliciousness, Duzan stands above the rest. The chicken shawarma sandwich strikes the perfect balance between the delightfully seasoned chicken and the mix of veggies and sauce, distributed evenly throughout the warm pita for well proportioned bites. The fresh hummus with favs beans is stellar. The hand cut fries are excellent and the extra sauces are killer. Absolutely outstanding food here. Do it.I stopped in here for a change of pace. It was good. The hot sauce was amazing. I'm always surprised at how expensive middle eastern food is. I got two small pieces of kofta, rice, lettuce, soda and a piece of pita for $12. Granted it was all very delicious, but it just seemed $2 or so overpriced. Also, the place really is more of a fast food joint, but they made me sit and "served" me, which meant I felt obligated to leave a tip. That was annoying. All in all the food was good, but just not the value it should be. I'd probably come back, but only becuase its the only place in Little Cairo that doesn't look like a satellite office of Hamas.Duzan has brought to bustling neighborhood their unique sense of creativity and devotion to the food it creates with each dish it serves whether it be it's extremely busy take-out service/deliveries and also for its' in-house on site clientele who could sit and watch the food preparation in amazement.  Every and any style of Hummus is the best and I mean the best as well as every entree.  Always friendly, always quick and never being disappointed makes me want to add a sixth star up there in the rating box... Try every single dish you will not be disappointed.   Salut Faisal and Hasan!Officially obsessed with this place.  It is right behind my apartment and I've never had such fresh and delicious takeout from any of my usual places in Astoria.  The service is fast and friendly.  You might wait an extra few minutes but it's worth it considering everything is made fresh when you order.  So far the salads are my favorite but I'm looking forward to trying everything else on the menu.  Hope it stays around for sure!!Duzan's is AMAZING!!! The Falafel Sandwich and  Chicken Kabab Sandwich are so good, and its really inexpensive, plus a lot of food for the money you spend.  I make it a point to come here every time I come to NY.  Love it!!  I have never found a better falafel place.def hidden place in terms of flavor of food .... WOW love this place A MUST TRY !!!!I've been on this low-carb diet, so lately I've been getting the chicken kabab platters. I had them substitute the rice/fries with a really good salad and cabbage and it was all so amazing. The salad comes with this vinaigrette or some dressing (that doesn't seem very heavy, so that's a plus), which eliminates the need to add any sauce (for those of you who are watching calories). The platters are pretty big and filling, and the food is so fresh and tasty. The hummus with beef is yum, and so is the baba ghanoush (especially with their fresh baked pita bread).I have to write an update because the food has, somehow, gotten better.I went once more after my first review and the experience was ok. But I came back today and honestly, there is no comparison. There is NO other hummus I've had ANYWHERE that is as good as Duzan. Nobody. I went back to my most favorite hummus place a month ago and it just pales in comparison to Duzan. There is a clear winner now. I have been to hummus restaurants and all the serve is hummus and claim they have the best. Nope. Duzan has them all beat and it's a schwarma, falafel, hummus place, not a specialty place.Fresh, good price, good taste. The employees are just incredibly nice. Guy gave me a free bread today. They obviously take pride in their work. Also, the place has remodeled and it looks nice now! Charged me a flat $8 when my meal was 8.20-something, but I left $2 in the tip jar which is more than worth it. I don't feel bad at all giving that.I will be taking the walk to this place more often from now on. I still think about that hummus hours later!!It seems every single bad review on Duzan is for the delivery. Well, let me tell you, if that's the only problem this place has then they might as well just stop delivering because then they'd get a perfect 5 star rating from everyone. Fine with me, I never order delivery from them anyway. Why would I want to spoil such freshly prepared food?This is my favorite falafel sandwich on Steinway St. and that's saying a lot. It helps that Duzan does their sandwich in a pocket pita, which I prefer, rather than wrap style. For the price especially, it's pretty spectacular.First time trying a chicken shwarma from here and it was delicious ! I recommend everyone try this spot!I love this place and always get some grub on Saturday nights. The shawarma wraps are by far my favorite, although I've only had the chicken (they're always sold out of beef). Mostdef an excellent choice if you're looking for somewhere to eat after having some hookah on Steinway!The best chicken shawarma in ny. I've tried many other spots and none come close. Get their special sauce on top.This place is soooo good, great variety and nothing on the menu that's not goodNicest guys in the neighbourhood, and always really nice freshly made felafel, amazing soups and sauces, pickles etc. strongly recommend!!Although this Duzan's atmosphere could use a swift kick, the food and service more than make up for it! The friendliness and care with which the food is made and presented (and then asked about after it's served) is incredible. The chicken shwarma melts in your mouth, accompanied by the tahini and spicy sauce! YUM-is a must! The hummos-a bit sweet-was flavorful and delicious...and the dessert place on the corner-is a must for an after dinner snack.I was around the Astoria area and was looking a place to get a good middle-eastern meal. There was this place and another one a block down. The aesthetics caught my eye so I decided to go with Duzan.The place is very well decored, very bright and green. The guy greeted us and was very courteous. Ordered the chicken shewarma with rice (I believe it was basmati). The chicken was VERY flavourful and juicy! Tasted great with the white tahini sauce and the mango pickle sauce (yellow in color). I  split this with another person, and had a bottled water for $9. Didn't have salad but I think it's included in price.I would definitly reccomend this new spot. Hopefully they will continue their A Class service and tasteful food as time continues. Hit this spot up!!I have passed by this cute place a few times on steinway and always wanted to try their food.  Finally I ordered in and....I LOVE IT!!!  The Kofta kebab was amazing!  It was cooked just right, full of flavor and juicy.  They use basmati rice - which is a plus for me!  Even the pita bread was thick and fluffy.  Very different from the usual pita that are sold in your local supermarket.  The guy who took my order on the phone was very helpful and nice.  He realized it was my first time ordering so he totally hooked me up!  I will surely be ordering from here in the future!Ive had a lot of Falafel and Duzan is definitely one of the best places to get it from. The pita sandwich is stuffed, the pita is warm and the sauce is great! The only negative about this place is delivery can take a while sometimes and it also takes them a while to answer the phone. Otherwise this place is my go to place for falafel!!!While not absolutely astounding, the food was good.  The service was very quick.  The only concerning thing here is that the people behind the counter are extremely difficult to understand.  As for credit card usage, expect to be asked 2 or 3 times if you have cash.food was extremely salty. The only reason I ate it was because I was hungry. will never come her e gainMy take is that it's decent. The falafel is a hundred times better than Pita Pan's. The falafel is really good. Which is good because there's a lot of people with their falafel around, so it's important to do it right. The bonus salad and olive things also win points.I was disappointed with the meats though. The chicken was a bit spotty, some of the other meat I had was good tasting, a bit dry, but the big plate full of additional vegetables definitely helped a bit. Thankfully light on the cilantro.   The prices are average, about what you'll pay in most places in the neighborhood. The people inside are friendly too, so by no means a bad place, but not doing enough to distinguish themselves from the rest of the neighborhood.I had the pleasure of eating at Duzan twice in the last 2 weeks.  The Shawarma is so amazingly flavored and cooked, I have found myself having to actually order a second one before leaving.  Make sure you try some of the Amba (a tangy mango pickled condiment) along with the Tahini on the shawarma.  The pita is freshly made and has a very nice thickness to it.  The Falafel is also quite good, and the hummus is both tasty and very smooth.  All of the ingredients are very fresh, and the staff is very friendly.  I highly recommend Duzan for a very tasty quick bite.II usually order the hummus plate which is delicious but this time I ordered the falafel sandwich. Hands down the best falafel sandwich in NYC.The chicken shawarma sandwich that I ordered was kind of greasy and not very flavorful. My wife's salad was okay, but the restaurant didn't look very clean (there were stacks of dirty dishes in full view of the dining room) and the service wasn't great.I get a falafel platter which comes with many extras. It has all kinds of deliciousness. They ask about preferred spiciness which they adhere to. I appreciate that I don't have to answer a million questions since I don't know the answers. They just put it all together and it's excellent. I recommend Duzan for take out - although there are several tables if you wish. They are very welcoming. Worth the travel time.Horrible first experience.  Went there with a restaurant.com certificate with my family and the guy at the front said they accept them - no problem (no surprises there).  Just to make sure again when I saw a second guy and was about to place our order, I asked again if they accept the certificate and this guy says "no we don't accept them anymore" which they clearly should since people out there are PAYING for those certificates in advance and that should constitute a binding contract in the U.S. since they are participating in this agreement with restaurant.com and it would be impossible for restaurant.com to sell these certificates WITHOUT Duzan's consent.  This guy continued to say "we don't accept those anymore".  I come home that same night within couple of hours and check restaurant.com and guess what....their certificates are STILL being sold online!!  This basically means Duzan is participating in unfairly robbing people of their hard earned money.  Very disappointing experience.  No wonder on a beautiful Saturday night while there were hundreds of people out on Steinway....this restaurant had nobody sitting there during prime dinner time.  Regardless,they have absoluetely delicious shwarma meat....its likr meat melts in your mouth. its that good.had the falafel platter and Simply outstanding in the flavors that burst in your mouth..have not enjoyed hummus, falafels and veggies (with the best chilli sauce ever) this much in a very very long time...