It was a toss up between Naked Crab & Claw Daddies.I chose Naked Crab due to location.We parked at the mall next to restaurant. $3.00 for 3 hours.Entered and was greeted at the door. We made it just before happy hour so we got the Cajun wings, grilled oyster & some drinks.The Drinks were tasty and cute in those baggies.The food was tasty, nothing bland everything full of flavor.We got the shrimp and snow crab boil.We added sausages. We got plenty of sausage but each bag only had half a potato and half a cob of corn. Needed more due to that awesome taste of the boil bag. They had an array of sauce and spice level. Medium was perfect enjoyable to give a kick but not overwhelm and take over. I would come back, i would recommend.There was a few patrons from different cultures. I never felt awkward. Give it a try.
Here again for happy hour.There are three of us and they sat us at a 4 top in the middle of the room.Two 4 tops opened up in the corners and we asked if we could move to one of those. At this point we had only ordered one beer.We were told no because it is a busy night and they don't want to move us.That was about 8 mins ago.One of the 4 tops has already filled but the other one is still empty.All we wanted to do was move from one 4 top to another in a different location.I don't see the issue.Plus again, while I was typing this we put in our order and the waitress came back and said they were out of the sauce he ordered.This has happened in the past as you can see from my first review of this place. Oops...2 more 4 tops just opened.I don't like spending my money at places that aren't willing to accomadate me at all.It feels yucky.It wasn't an unreasonable request.And, too many times I've been here we have ordered and minutes later they come back and we are told they are out of what we ordered.Edited:30 mins later and the place is about 50% full and they even sat 2 people at one of those corner 4 tops. When the waitress came by and asked if everything was ok, it felt a bit like a slap in the face.
This seafood spot has fresh seafood ranging from your raw oysters, lobster, crawfish, crab and everything you can imagine from the sea. This place looks very modern with nice large booth, tables and a bar. This is great for a group gathering enjoying fresh seafood bags filled with your favorite seafood. Every boil bag comes with corn, potatoes and rice cakes along with your favorite type of sauces. You pay the boils by the lb, and every single one comes fresh to your table with gloves, plenty of paper towels and a bucket for your shells. My party and I got crawfish which was very good but very minimal for the price you pay for the amount of meat you get from the tails. We got the shabang sauce that was so flavorful! I wish I could put that over some rice and I can call it a meal! The corn was sweet, potatoes and rice cake soaks up all the sauce. The garlic butter shrimp was great as well. They all come with the head on and you can just slurp the juice from the head which is the best part. The wings were pretty good but it was a dry rub and could use some type of sauce. It was crunchy and juicy as well. No complaints here. The fried calamari was crispy and hot but nothing special here. The sweet and spicy, and tomato sauce it came with it was a nice compliment to the calamari. The Cajun fries are a pass because of the portion size for the price you pay. Overall a great experience to get your hands dirty and enjoy great company exploring a delicious seafood boil bag.
I wasn't sure what to expect coming to Naked Crab; first and foremost, it was a lengthy trek for me, especially on Easter Sunday, but the menu was tempting and the reviews were positive, so I made the 1.5 hour trek out.The restaurant is located just a short walk from Main Street Flushing and located within the same building as a hotel. The interior is very spacious, with a few booths for larger groups and plenty of two-tops. I was quickly greeted by a server and given my choice of seating, and he was also kind enough to walk me through their menu and make suggestions. The strength of their menu is in their seafood boils, which allows you to pick your choice of seafood (shrimp, crab, lobster, etc.) and sauce - but the rest of the menu has some tempting seafood-focused entrees and appetizers as well. From the starters, I would recommend their creamy Mac and Cheese as well as the Cajun Wings, which have a slightly spicy seasoning and a crispy outer skin. They're all crowd pleasers, and would make for great bar snacks. From the heavier dishes, don't overlook the Softshell Crab Burger, which is served with a poached egg and avocado, as well as a side of crisp fries.  I also got to try the Crawfish Boil in their signature Naked Sauce, which is spicy, savory, and tart either the addition of lemon, and came with corn and potatoes to help round out the boil. Also - they have a stunning Uni Pasta and Seared Duck Breast which I'd recommend to anyone looking for more unique, elevated dishes that you wouldn't find elsewhere in Flushing.Would love to return with a bigger group to try out more of the menu, but definitely glad I made the trek to Flushing!
So first let me say my family is picky! The service was great, food was delicious. A lot of places I go to, only the server will help you, but here, anyone we saw was asking if we needed anything. We had lemonades & first kiss to drink. All were good. For starters, shrimp cocktail, Cajun fries, & lobster Mac & cheese. To eat my father had salmon which he said was perfectly seasoned and cooked. My mother & I shared 2lbs of snow crab & 2lbs of headless shrimp in garlic butter. I also had a pound of crawfish Cajun. Everything tasted fresh & cooked perfectly. Even the corn & potatoes. The atmosphere is nice. Not too loud but still nice for a family with a 1 year old. We will be back. Just wish there was more parking options but that isn't their fault. We parked at the mall around the corner. Paid $3 which isn't bad at all but it was a bit of a walk for my mother who uses a cane.
I came here on Valentine's Day and made reservations just in case this place was packed.  It was packed.  You can make reservations via Yelp and set up a reminder text/email which is convenient. Ordered the bone marrow pasta, two boils (shrimp and mussels) and (lobster and clams).  The boils were covered in mild "naked sauce" which is a combination of all their sauces that they have.  The food was hot and not overcooked.  The downside of my visit was we waited almost an hour for our boil.  Not sure why it took that long, perhaps my order was forgotten or the kitchen was extra busy.  Our waiter was apologetic and gave us a green tea tiramisu on the house, which was definitely a nice touch and made us forgive them for the long wait.The Naked Crab is spacious and a nice restaurant to bring a date.  I'll be coming back soon to try other items on their menu.
Loved this place ! The food was so yummy , decor modern and clean , staff very friendly - My favorite dish was the uni pasta, aweeeemazing. Very creative drinks and cocktail menu. Would definitely go back
Was craving for Cajun seafood so I yelped around and found this place. Tried and might not come back again.HH oyster: 5/5 VERY FRESH. 1$ each Sliders: 4/5 comes with short rib, fried oyster and eel. Short rib was very FLAVORFUL. Fried oyster needs more work, lack of flavor -- needs some sauce or seasoning. Feel like it's simmered rather than fried. Eel was delicious with the eel sauce .Shrimp w/ shabang sauce: 3.5/5 the shrimps was tiny and the portion was soo small -- doesn't look like 1lb at all. Came w corns and potato w/ no additional charge. The shabang sauce was delicious -- has a nice lemon spicy kick to it; recommend getting/trying the sauce.Snow crab legs w/ garlic butter: 2.5/5 the legs was super tiny - there were barely any meat inside. One of my friend leg didn't have any meat at all. Garlic butter sauce has a very intense garlic smell but was lack of flavor. VERY DISAPPOINTED EXPERIENCE. For the food, portion size and the service it wasn't worth the overall total. There were 3 servers on the floor and it wasn't busy at all but it was soo hard to flag down someone.  Not too sure if we came on the wrong night but never coming back for the boil at all. Probably just for the HH oysters.
This place is okay. I haven't been to much boils but I had better. Also, better homemade of course. Tried the garlic noodles. Not the best. But still tasty. Especially for those who loves cheese. They put a good amount of Parmesan on top. To the point it overpowers the garlic taste and kind of drying?Grilled corn with cheese. Get it. It's different from your Mexican style elote but similar. I liked the mayo they used. Something that really popped out. For the boil, I think it was decently priced. Not sure. They didn't have crawfish because it wasnt in season. Noooooooooooo. What's the point of a boil if not crawfish?! Tell me. So I got clams and mussels. Pound each. I couldn't afford or didn't want the other stuff. I got it in Cajun spicy. Cajun flavor was weird. It wasn't bad. But not the Cajun I know. Unless the spicy made it taste off. Speaking of spicy, the spicy is spicy! But goes away decently fast when you're done eating. Can't believe I was thinking about getttjnf the Carolina reaper spice. I should've gotten medium. I wasn't able to enjoy my boil after finishing 2/3 because I was getting the sniffles. Service seems like a hit or miss here. Our waitress seemed to ignore us or walk passed up several times and we are trying to get her attention without being rude. Wasn't busy either. But this guy refilled my water and even popped in a straw for me because he saw me struggling. He was really nice. I don't like how you have to order full pounds or don't have a deal or combo set (at least not that I know of).  I would come back for happy hour and maybe try butter garlic next time.
I'm still thinking about the grilled clams I had two days ago. So good! The oysters (blue points) were very fresh. The grilled oysters were probably my least favorite. Happy hour is very worth it here. The sauce (naked sauce) for the boil was also really good as well. It's a mix of 3 of their sauces including garlic butter and lemon pepper. Glad I found a local spot I can come to in Flushing for fresh seafood. Also the creme brûlée is amazing surprisingly!Parking sucks but it's Flushing so it is what it is. Service is a bit slow, the servers were very nice. Perhaps they were understaffed?
1. Come in for happy hr bc 1$ oysters and chicken are always great! The grilled oysters are soo addicting and drinks are actually really good. I normally feel a little something something after the 1st one but i always end up getting another one haha. Must be the alcoholic in me...2. We ordered 2 lbs of shrimp in the mild naked sauce but we should of gotten medium naked sauce bc we like a little kick but still great.3. Foir graas was good but everytime i get it i do not eat the apple sauce thats underneath it. If u dont like fatty stuff dont get it.4. Truffle pasta was a nice touch. They freshly grate it in front of you. Tip: stir it and let it sit for a min nd the truffle taste will really come thru.5. Lamb and steak was also great. Ordered it in a medium rare. Cooked to perfection.6. The 10$ a piece kobe/wagyu risoto was amazing. They come and torch the beef infront of you and sprinkle a little bit of salt. Just something everyone needs to try.7. Green tea tiramisu was good it was really thick... like unexpectedly thick. But non the less it was good not the best.8. Green tea brule is my go to at any rest. The brule here i gotta say isnt the best. The glass jar they prepare it in isnt quite ideal. I think its too much... the ratio of the sugar on top to the egg custard is off. I think if they changed the container and make the egg custard a little less then it would be perfecttt.
I called two days before for the reservation. Someone misplaced my reservation for a party of four. The Original date was April 2, 2018; I had to go again on April 6, 2018. I was unhappy with the service. Food was okay. My party members  had to accommodate their schedule for the original reservation date. not cool. But the lobster was good. Every one in my party loved the lobster. Great décor.
Nothing special here.  I should of known better when I saw the extensive menu.  I came with party of 6.  The place is small, inside of the Parc Hotel flushing. We started with oysters.  Even though they had about over 20 kinds of oyster posted, they only had 5 available.  2 people in our group order oysters, about 2 dozen total.  When the oyster came out, it was 5 minutes between the 2 dozens.  The place was not busy and they had 3 servers so why they couldn't bring it together boggles the mind.  Also the oysters were totally tasteless!  Waste of money here!For the main course we ordered 2 lbs of shrimp and 1lb of squid with the house sauce medium spice.  If you ever had "boils" before, you know the sauce is everything!   Well, the sauce here is underwhelming.  It was too much tomato and not enough butter.  I tried my friend garlic butter and it was bitter, too much Cajun seasoning.  On top of that, the squid they used was like the left overs from cleaning the squid.This place is very disappointing so go to Shaking Crab few blocks away and skip this impostor!
Came on tonight looking for sea urchin sashimi, although it was up on the menu they had none. Totally upsetting, service was ok, nothing great. We had a sampler of oysters west coast and east coast, 2 dz for the table of 6ppl. The oysters were too cold, so cold that we all agreed that we couldnt really taste the flavor of each oyster individually.  We ordered 2lbs of the shrimp and 1 pound of squid all boild with mild sauce on the side.  The boil came with potato, corn and rice cakes. IMO the rice cake was a filler and the squid was more like the left overs of the day. The star of the boil were the shrimp.  Overall our bill was about $325 b4 tip. Server was nice, most likely this will be a 1 time deal. Highly overrated.
This is one of my favorite restaurant in Flushing. I think people love this kind of food will really love this place but oppositely will not come back again. I went here multiple times with different people. A few say not their cup of tea would not come back. some really love it. You have to give it a try. I love not just their boil seafood and raw seafood, I also love their dishes like the duck salad is my favorite. Surprisingly the dessert also not bad. The price is relatively high compare to Flushing Chinese restaurant. I would say $40-50 is needed per one person if you want eat a variety of different of food. Can not come very often or will hurt my poor wallet ha. but definitely one of my recommended place in Flushing.
This place is great , came with my family and we enjoyed everything. They had a seafood bag with Crab legs , Shrimp and all the sides. I had the lamb chops and they were awesome.  A big thank you to our waitress Amanda was excellent.
Restaurant has about 15 tables.  Foie Gras was ok. Uni Pasta was decent.  Raw Clam was a little sandy and decent.  Raw Oysters were fresh.  We liked the flavorful Bone Marrow a lot.  Good service.
I had the most random craving for a boil and yelped some around the area. I was intrigued by the reviews and pictures - I bookmarked Naked Crab and patiently waited for a good evening to come by for their happy hour (everyday of the week from 4pm-7pm). It was very easy to make reservations via the yelp app. In fact I made the reservation less than an hour before I went on a Sunday and every reservation time was available. Nice!We arrived at 5:30pm and it was completely empty. It did start to fill up shortly after 6pm though. Ambience is great. Music was loud enough to drown out yelling babies but low enough to be able to have a conversation. Very children friendly and even had high chairs. Regular menus are given and a QR code which you can scan with your smartphone to see images of the food on the menu. They do not give a happy hour menu so be sure to ask about what they have. Apparently it is written outside but I didn't pay attention. Happy hour had some great deals such as $1 raw oysters, $1.50 grilled oysters or clams, $1 Cajun wings, and some drink specials. We ordered 12 raw oysters, 12 grilled oysters and 6 clams, 8 Cajun wings, garlic noodles, bone marrow pasta, clam pasta, shrimp boil with garlic butter sauce, and the garlic bread. All that plus one soda costed us $150 after tax and tip. This is to share amongst 3 people and it was just about right in terms of the amount of food.- Raw oysters: Decent size. Fresh. So worth it.- Grilled oysters/clams: These were very yummy. I surprisingly preferred the clams because it was more meaty. Ugh, writing this review is making me hungry.- Cajun wings: These were good. $1 - What's not to like?!- Garlic noodles: Yelp did not do me wrong. These were highly recommended in the reviews and it was dee-licious. Best of all the noodles and pasta dishes we ordered without a doubt.- Bone marrow pasta: The bone marrow were roasted well. Buttery, flavorful. The pasta itself was slightly overcooked and the sauce tasted like from a can of Chef Boyardee. Not worth the price tag. Stick with the seafood.- Clam pasta: These were just okay. Nothing special. Again, not worth the price tag. - Shrimp boil with garlic butter: One pound of shrimp came with one piece of corn. I wish the boils come with sausages without the extra cost. Sauce was tasty.- Garlic bread: These were sad little creatures. Absolutely not worth $5. Not enough garlic on it to be remotely garlicky. But honestly people probably order this to dip in the boil sauce anyway. Never again.The service was absolutely fantastic. Everyone was very friendly and there were plenty of smiles to go around. We were greeted as we came in and thanked as we left - I really felt appreciated as a customer! I was a little upset at one point though when someone took away the boil sauce when I turned around because I was still dipping the garlic bread in it. Saaadd face. I would definitely come back in the future when I am craving some good seafood, but probably only when the happy hour is in effect because they have some really good deals. The regular menu prices are not cheap to say the least. Luckily, there is a 5% cash back for dining here if using a credit card you've registered on yelp!
It's not a secret that I love seafood...but this place didn't do it for me overall.  I did have a nice meal but was disappointed at the quality of seafood I ordered.  The regular snow crab legs were way frozen so it tasted more like the ice/water.  On that alone, I would have given this place 2.5 stars.But they did redeem themselves with other menu items.  My bestie and I ordered the bone marrow and chicken wings...yes, neither were seafood dishes.  The bone marrow was good ... nothing special but still worth mentioning for those that want to try it.  The chicken wings were flavorful but not memorable.  At any rate, wasn't here to eat that stuff...We also had the baked scallop and baked oysters which were pretty big (shell size) and the meat was fairly plump with good seasoning.  That was one of the highlights for the night.  And of course, we ordered a lobster boil (served steamed in a plastic bag with corn on the cob).  My bestie wanted the lemon pepper flavor given she wanted to avoid the usual butter flavor.The funniest thing, the best item of the night was the coconut dessert!  It was a coconut pudding served right in the coconut shell.  Very delicious and refreshing after that meal.  It is also huge...enough to share but we both wanted our own.  LOLOh, one mention, I thought it was funny that I had ordered a passion fruit green tea drink and it was served in a pouch (not a cup) - like a capri sun packaging only clear.  It was a large serving too.I don't know if I would rush to return but if I do, I'll be sure to go when the seafood is more in season (this was mid-October) and go w/ more people so I can sample more stuff.  (My friends went previously and had a better tasting experience than I did).
Saddest happy hour. After ordering a dozen $1 oysters, we tried ordering a second round. The waitress told us they ran out of blue points but we can pay full price for the other oysters they have... Must have been lying to us because we were the only diners in the restaurant and somehow we ate through all the hh oysters?? And it was just bad customer service to offer us no other option but to pay for $3 oysters.I was excited to find a place that serves oysters by my home but I was not impressed. They weren't as fresh as other reviewers have mentioned. We also tried the grilled oysters and they were pretty tasty, I'll give them that.
Came here with the family and was able to park right out front. We got a seafood boil with shrimp and crab legs. Tasty but not memorable. Got the cheesy lobster as well and too expensive in my opinion. The foie gras was good, but the wings seemed over fried. Food was decent, but not spectacular, and due to the high price point, probably won't be coming back.
This place has one of the best services I've experience. Friendly wait staff and informative of specials and promotions. Food is on point. We came during happy hour and raw blue point oysters were fresh and sweet. Tried the grilled oysters and the jumbo grilled oysters as part of their promotion and I gotta say it was delicious! It hit the spot from raw to grill! Ordered some appetizers, garlic bread went well with the grilled oysters and of course the steam shrimps!! Had grilled corn too and Mac n cheese. Environment was family friendly, low lit lighting and casual. Happy hour was great with drinks!! I gave it a 5 star because of service. It matters a lot to have a friendly staff. And of course the food was great and tasteful! To add to it, we also had the eel burger and it was the best!We would have added photos of our main dish but the food just look so delicious we forgot to take the main course photos!!
We arrived on a Saturday night, at around 8PM so we had just missed Happy Hour. Regardless, we ordered a dozen oysters, 6 Kumamoto & 6 Blue Point. The Kumamotos are smaller, meatier and a have a pleasant sweetness to it, which I loved. The oysters were fresh and sand-less! We also ordered 2 grilled corns, which is basically Mexican Elote, and it was so yummy and cheesy. Lastly, we got a side of cajun fries and they were fried to perfection; super crunchy outside yet soft on the inside. As for the boils, we got 1lb of crawfish. You can choose the spice level: mild, medium or spicy, and the sauce. We opted for the 'shabang' sauce, as per the recommendation of our waiter, and boyyyyy was it spicy. If you cannot tolerate spicy foods, please do not get this. Both of our mouths were on fire. In addition, we got the snow crab combo, which consisted of 1lb of snow crab and  your choice of 1/2lb of: shrimp, clams or crawfish. We opted for the shrimp, and this time got the garlic butter sauce, which was a nice cool-down from the 'shabang.' Service was pretty good for a restaurant in Flushing, I was pleasantly surprised. Prices are average for a seafood spot like itself, and I'm glad I don't have to travel to the city for cajun style seafood. Definitely will return during HH!
First time here and decided to test the waters with their happy hour ....It was great!Very fresh and relatively large oysters by majority.And the drinks weren't watered down , so two martinis was great to unwind.
The music is good. Drink isn't bad. The food is good too. I can't complain much. It's okay. Not anything amazing. It's a good date place or with a group.
My friends and I came here on a Thursday night around 10pm and the place was pretty empty. I had had this $30 coupon for months and finally decided to use it. So this restaurant is actually on the first floor of a hotel. It's spacious with lots of fishing theme decoration. The menu starts with raw bar, so the usuals, oysters, clams, crab legs... Appetizers, soup, salad, a couple of pasta. They also have a full bar and lots of cocktails. We started off with an Oyster Sample plate, which had 6 oysters. It was okay to me. I prefer the small ones. We had Grilled Clams, Shrimp Avocado Salad, and Mushroom Cream Soup. Grilled clams were fine. The salad was kinda weird and I don't like it. The soup was too oily. The Squid Ink Pasta with Seafood was odd and a bit sour. Overall I think the food was dissapointing. The owner was really nice tho. But sadly I wouldn't come bank. p/s: lots of clean, roomy restrooms for you ladies
Grilled Oysters, place and service 5 stars.55555555555555555555 55555555555555555555555555...........................................................................................................................................
This place has happy hour! Last time we got the grilled oysters and wings. They also offer a free "jumbo" oyster if you share their video via facebook. I thought the actual boil was ok. found it lacking in flavor. The waiters are friendly and attentive though. Fries are on point as well as their burger.
The service was great. But I thought the portions to be extra small for the pricing. After the appetizers We ordered crab legs and shrimp. Both of which  tasted great. But it only had a 2" piece of corn and half of a potato in the boil. Hardly enough to subsidize all that seafood.
This is a cool place to check out once, I came sometime in the first week of January 2018. It is a nice restaurant if you were staying in the hotel that it is connected to but with so many similar cuisines in walking distance nothing really stands out with this place. It's a Cajun seafood place but I was unimpressed by the sauceThe lobster mac and cheese was very cute, it came with in a cute hotplate. The Cajun wings tasted good but nothing specialThe best part for me was the oyster sampler which I asked the waiter which oyster was which. When he got back to me it was rather rushed and very low so I was unable to clearly hear what he said.ordered for a family of 4:appetizer: mac and cheese lobster and Cajun wingsraw bar: oyster sampler (6)entree: some unmemorable pastaboil: 2 pound of seafood and 1 pound of mussels
This restaurant is definitely a little out of the way from the crowded area of Flushing but if you're already doing some shopping at Skyview, consider coming here for dinner afterwards. Also, consider parking in Skyview because it's almost impossible to find street parking nearby ($3 for 3 hours).It wasn't very crowded when my party of 3 arrived on a Sunday night for happy hour, and when I left at around 8pm, there were still a few empty tables. Regardless if it's crowded, it's a spacious restaurant and it looks like they can accommodate big parties. Happy hour is everyday from 5-7pm and so worth it. They have a good selection of $6 cocktails, $1 fried wings and oysters and $1.50 grilled oysters. They have a lot of options on their menu so it's not just seafood. But obviously, we had to get the seafood boils because we wanted the full experience of eating with gloves, a bib and getting messy! We ordered a pound of snow crab and clams combo with the naked crab sauce. It was delicious!! The sauce had a kick to it but it was not overwhelming and not too salty. The snow crabs were very meaty and came right off. We ended up ordering some Cajun fries to dip into the naked crab sauce, so good!The service was fast and efficient. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're craving for seafood or The Boil, but you don't want to travel all the way to Manhattan and wait 40 minutes for a table.
Located next to Skyview mall. Parking available outside, but can only fit around 4-5 cars, meanwhile they can seat probably close to 100 ppl inside.  You can make reservations on Yelp, but actually didnt need to make any. Table for 5 ppl on a Saturday 6pm, and we were practically the 3rd group inside.  Food :Calamari Parmesian Corn 1 lb Shrimp boil (garlic butter)Dungeness Crab + crawfish (Naked sauce) Garlic noodlesCajun friesIve had better sauce for the cajun seafood bags, but thats not to say it was bad here. For us, we didnt think it was enough sauce and it didnt stick well to the seafood. Not a big deal, just dip it into the bag again after peeling. The garlic noodles were delicious! We ended up getting another one of those at the end. Very spacious, and lots of tables and room to walk. The staff is friendly and patient. I just wish that there were more televisions other than the 3 right next to each other at the bar. I wanted to follow the mets game while I was eating.
I had such a great time here.The staff were friendly and attentive; my friend and I were seated right away when happy hour started and there were only a few other people in there.Happy Hour specials include 6 dollar cocktails, 5 dollar beer/wine, 1 dollar oysters and 1.50 baked clams/mussels. The cocktails are Game of Thrones themed and come in an adult Capri Sun bad so they stay untainted and grabbable while you eat. If you're a tequila fan, I highly recommend the Red Wedding. If you're into vodka? Hit a Khaleesi. Both were tasty and well-poured. (Props to the bartender, who was also friendly. Thanks!)We ordered oysters and baked clams as appetizers, simple and delicious. We ordered a 2lb boil bag and were not disappointed. We went with the garlic butter and mild spice and the clams, crawfish and shrimp were all phenomenal. There was more than enough to take home for left overs too-- to which they included a pair of gloves.We finished off with Creme Brûlée and Coconut Pudding-- both were excellent. The coconut is served cold in a coconut, and was delicious. The Creme Brûlée is warm and just perfect.Overall, had a great time. Will be coming back for my birthday dinner next month. Can't wait!
The happy hour is great! $1 oysters are incredibly fresh and all the drinks are extremely tasty.On the regular menu, I don't think you can go wrong with anything. I've been here a couple of times, and have tried almost everything. The black truffle pasta, along with the steak and the Rack of Lamb are marvelous. Everything is cooked to perfection and all the sauces are so delicious they'll leave you wanting more.As for the boils, my favorite sauce is hands down the black pepper sauce. Although it's $2 extra, it's worth every single penny. Other than the black pepper sauce, the Naked sauce is another one of my personal favorites. I would definitely come back and 100% recommend it to all my friends
While checking out new restaurants in Flushing, Naked Crab was one of them and there was a Groupon deal so I decided check it out. The restaurant was new and clean. I ordered lobster combo boil with medium garlic butter sauce (I usually get spicy but the waiter said the medium level is spicy so I followed with his advice, which turned out to be a smart choice - even the medium level is spicy), hoping that it's as good as the one I had at The Boil Restaurant in Manhattan. Unfortunately, I couldn't see any chunks of garlic and I tasted lots of curry flavor. I'm not saying it was bad, it just wasn't as good as I expected. As for the customer service, the servers didn't come out of the kitchen area often so I had to wait to ask for a bill. I also had to ask for a crab fork so that it's easier to eat the lobster meat, but shouldn't the server have a common sense and bring it out with the dish before I ask? Nonetheless, I'm still giving 4 stars because the food was decent and the servers were nice when I got to talk to them. Definitely order a bowl of rice ($3) to mix with the sauce if you order the book menu!
Love the environment and the food. During happy hour, don't miss the $1 oyster and their garlic noodles are so delicious! My girlfriends and I often meet here after work for some drinks and the Cajun dishes. Dig in
Cuisine: 7Service: 6Decor: 7Value: 6Overall: 7Just another Cajun boil restaurant? Not really. The chef here must have been professionally trained because he makes great fancy appetizers and entrees that most other boils don't. Obviously most people come in here for the big bags of seafood, but I wouldn't ignore rest of the great food on the menu.So far, I have been here twice in 3 days and here are the things we have tried.Foie Gras - 8 Seared well, but rest of plate just okMuchroom Soup - 8 Creamy & flavorful, excellentRaw Oysters - 7 Good east & west cost selectionLobster Sashimi - 7 Fresh but soy sauce was too saltyPrime Sirloin Steak - 7 Very juicy but a bit priceyShrimp Boil - 7 Large shrimps, garlic butter yumSnow Crab Boil - 6 Little bit overcooked but decentKing Crab Boil - 3 Definitely overcooked & overpricedFood and decor are the strong points at this restaurant. Where they are somewhat weaker is service and price. Actually, the owner, hostess and bartenders were extremely friendly. Unfortunately their servers are quite forgetful (Again, lemons for the oysters please.) and don't come around to check us regularly (Water glasses were always empty). As for the price, most of it seems reasonable, but $38 for the sirloin seems steep when I can go to a Manhattan steakhouse and get a much larger portion for a few dollars more. Also, other Cajun boil places price their king crab legs around $28-33/lb. Why so high?Anyway, minor complaints aside, I do like the ambiance (minus the really loud music) and the variety of food available for a restaurant in downtown Flushing. Considering there is Skyview Mall parking right on the next block, it's likely that Naked Crab will see me again in the near future.
Not typically a seafood person, but their food was delicious. Must say though, my favorite thing was the Lobster Mac n Cheese!
Must try their Grilled Lobster with cheese and the Duck Breast also the Rack of Lamb! There's so many other things I'd like to try from their menu but I'm still obsessed with those three dishes, so I usually end up ordering those every time I go. The service is satisfactory and the place is clean! They offer a variety of seafood and they are all fresh.  What more can u ask for?
Let me start by saying, I love a good boil! So when my mom first mentioned me about Naked Crab, I was on the fence about it because finding a place that has awesome food/ boils is tricky to find in Queens. I made a Yelp reservation for 4 (because no body likes to wait) and the second we got there, we were seated!  What we ordered: -dozen oysters -shrimp cocktail (5 per order, we had to order another) -garlic noodles (it was so good, we ordered one more) -three snow crab + shrimp boil ( garlic butter + cajun sauce) *check out my tip below! -one lobster + shrimp boil (cajun spicy) The ambiance is great, they play great music, the staff is super attentive and great knowledge about their raw fish.My mom asked if they clean the lobster before serving it, and they don't (bummer) What they do is, boil the completed lobster as a whole and serve it as is, you can ask them to cut it down the middle though. The boils itself were very tasty! However the sauce didn't stick much to the shrimp and crabs that after cracking and cleaning, I found myself dipping the crab meat into the sauce. I mean who doesn't love drenching their food into bomb ass sauce. i can keep going, but an over all great experience and will defiantly be going back!
This place is consistently good. I've been here around 10 times now and the salmon, boils, lobster roll, and lamb are all very good! I especially recommend the Shabang sauce for the boil, very tasty.Today I tried the squid ink pasta with seafood. It was okay but the mussels literally seemed like they were taken off the beach and thrown straight Into the pasta; sand and all. I could understand a bit of sand but this was a mouthful of sand. Hopefully they fix this issue because everything else is great.The male waiter we had was also extremely friendly and attentive!
I love seafood. Always interested in trying boils and steam pots. Heard about this place, lucky for me Groupon had a deal. We made reservations (just in case). The place is nice and cozy. Staff were attentive. The drinks were yummy. I ordered a Khalessi which was so good, light, crisp and sweet. For their boils, they have a few choices for sauces and heat level. I chose the spiciest Cajun. It was pretty hot. Extra $2 but worth it if you you love heat. A lb of crab legs were ordered, heat level of just "spicy" which was really good. The shrimp are larger than that of Joe's Crab Shack. The crab had enough meat. They give you gloves to eat with. I rolled my eyes about it but my hands felt the heat after. My hands burned for 2 days after dinning in. That's how hot the Carolina option was. (I love spice so worth it for me). I would def go again.
I will give them credit for a nice ambiance ...  The food does taste pretty good. I just wish it was a bit more food and that they had more veggie options. The waiters were nice and offered us a promo go like the a photo from a free oyster . It was a huge oyster ..im sure if i ate oysters it would be awesome. We got it anyway. It was seasoned real well. It was a nice place to try. The wings were delicious and they put lightbup ice cubes in your drink..cute.
Decided to give this place a try and I was so disappointed. Literally came in, sat, and left. Came here with a few seafood cravings and they had NONE. Nope. How can a seafood restaurant not have seafood??? Probably why the place was empty since they had no seafood.
Awesome place! Loved the seasoning! The service was great. The waitress came back several times to make sure we was okay. The price was reasonable and worth it. I definitely will go there again. The place is very spacious and comfortable.
Awesome food. Awesome service. Must do again! We shared the bone marrow, lamb dish and a boil of snowcrab with sausage YUM!
Had great time here, it was intimate, quite, wound out staying for like two hours. It was rainy and icy out so we were literally 1 of 4 tables being used our entire stay. The staff was friendly, attentive, all in all an enjoyable experience. My only criticisms are (and this one likely can't be helped) the aroma of all the seafood is extremely potent. It can literally knock you off your feet! Second critique is their choice of paper menus, they were smudges and food stains on them. Overall that's just esthetically unappealing, and it comes off as cheap. And the menus also lack pictures of any kind, the food served looks great, why not incapacitate that?!
My husband and I have been here couple times, the food is always consistently good!  I always asked the servers for recommendation and they never disappointed.
Came here purposefully for the happy hour. I had quite a few raw and grilled oysters that were so good and fresh. I only thought the grilled ones were a little bit salty. I would still get it again. I also got the shrimp cocktail which I don't think I would get again. It was decent, not bad but not great either. Overall, I enjoyed my experience.
I came here before 5pm.  After I walked in, I was not seemingly welcomed.  No greetings by anyone in the restaurant.  The owner just put me in the corner.  I had to wait and wave at the waiter to get my order.  But it's only until I finished my food, I realized I was never given anything not even water to drink.  He never asked me.  After he took my order and told me no problem full-filling it he only came back later to tell me they don't have it.  I don't believe it because they just opened at 4pm and it's a holiday they must prepare for it.  I don't believe they don't have sea urchin for the whole night.  My guess is they are leaving it to group customers later who booked the table for expensive package price.  Also, they cancel the happy hour specials just by saying because it's a holiday.  It really sucks that I had to deal with this nonsense.  Food is ok very small portion.  Lousy service.  I left with an empty stomach.  Will only return if there is promotion.  My suggestion to the restaurant is:  If you can not afford a promotion, then don't do it at all.  Please don't play the customers then nickel and dime your gain or loss.
Loved this place! I ordered the sky view drink and it was delicious ! I ended up having 2And I order a snow crab leg and headless shrimp in garlic butter sauce medium it came with corn and potatoes I loved it! It was so flavorful I was very pleased with the mealAlso my waiter and waitress where great! Nice and didn't seem like I bothered them when I called them over Only bad side was the $1 Wings kinda sucked and there's barely parking but even with those cons I would so go back again!
I came here one evening with a friend of mine for dinner. When we arrived, it was fairly empty, but it got more and more crowded as time passed. They were also hosting a party of some sort as well. At times, it was hard to talk because it was so loud. We got an order of garlic bread, a dozen oysters for appetizers, the eel burger and lobster mac & cheese. I loved the garlic bread and eel burger. The lobster mac & cheese didn't have a lot of lobster, but it was still delicious. The oysters ended up making my friend nauseous and caused stomach pain after a few hours.
Love , simply love the food here .. Seafood is absolutely fresh which is really important to me !!  Took my 16 years old nephew here , and he enjoyed so much .  He is such a picky eater as most of the 16 years olders ,  but he said that this is one of his favorite!
We were craving for cajun seafood but plans didn't work out so we had to make dinner plans around Queens. I ordered Eat24 for pick-up at Naked Crab and everything went smooth. The guy at the door greeted me and directed me to the bar for pick-up. Honestly, the food wasn't really as good as The Boil. We ordered the Calamari appetizer, it was mostly breading and too salty. We also got 2lbs of shrimp with the cajun sauce. It was lacking flavor and not as tasty as I hoped. Maybe we'll try a different sauce next time but definitely not the cajun.
The best Uni pasta and Duck Salad I've ever tried in my life!!! Came here on a Wednesday night with my friends and we were impressed with everything.  We ordered raw oysters,  cajun fries,  garlic bread, avacado salad, duck salad, uni pasta, 2 pounds snow crab legs and shrimp. Staffs were extremely friendly.They also have happy hours from 4pm to 7pm.  If you are in Flushing and don't know where to go, give Naked Crab a try! This is a true gem!  I'm definitely coming back again!
Booked this place via Yelp on the same day for a party of 3 for 8:30pm. This was for a Friday evening dinner. I have never been to this place or any other seafood boil places to begin with. I didnt have any expectations or whatsoever.  We drove up to the restaurant and to our surprise, there is actually parking. there is about 5-6 (or less actually) spots on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. Friday night dinners in flushing is no joke when trying to find a parking spot. We attempted street parking and if there wasnt a parking lot/space, we would have went to sky view. Its only 2 blocks away. We walk in, and it was practically empty. The place was bigger than I expected and I certainly thought it would have been packed being Friday night and prime time dinner time. But thats not to say the place isnt good that people are not returning. We get to a table and check the menu. Staff was pretty friendly. You choose your seafood or choice and the sauce you want. Its self explanatory. There was 3 of us so we ordered 3 different kinds of seafood and sauce. Snow Crab legs in garlic butter - this was probably my favorite of the three sauce. Garlic and butter combo is good on anything actaully, its a sauce/combo that cannot go wrong. Red Crab in Shabang sauce - this is their spicy sauce, which is mainly made of sriracha. It was ok. The meat on the red crab was a tab mushy. I wasnt a fan of the texture. I also am not a fan of spicy so this was my least favorite of the 3. Dungeness Crab in Naked Sauce, this is their house/special sauce which is a combo of all the sauces mixed together. To me, it was a tad on the lemon/salty side. The crab though was very tender and meaty, my favorite of the seafood. All in all, it was pretty good but it can become rather salty towards the end. I would go again.
Amongst an influx of cajun/boil type restaurants in the NYC area, The Naked Crab does it a lil different but right. We started off with their grilled oysters, grilled corn with cheese, their bone marrow, garlic noodles, and lobster roll. Each dish was excellently executed, hot, flavorful, and delicious. We opted for the clam boil, mildly spiced with plenty of butter and garlic. The boil included the usual, corn and potatoes and a twist with their inclusion of rice cakes which are chewy, tasty and an enjoyable addition to the boil bags. The drinks are well made, not too strong and come inside the coolest, zip lock drink style bags. The crowds will be coming soon to this place, they're doing just about everything right.
A curiously scandalous name... and, perhaps, a bit inaccurate.  Let's think about this for a second; are crabs' shells what one could call clothing?  Because if that's the case, then the crabs here aren't naked (they come with the shells on).  But, if a shelled crab is considered "naked" for purposes to suit the namesake of this establishment, then I suppose it wouldn't be inaccurate... but if a shelled crab can't be considered a clothed (or non-naked) crab, then does it make sense that all shelled creatures are naked even with their shells?Well, that took longer than it rightfully should have... anyway, this place does serve crab.  Hell, crab is the linchpin that brings notoriety to this place; and by crab, I mean crab that's served in the fashion of being in big plastic bags filled with crab parts, corn, sausage, shrimp, and potatoes... all things being doused in a buttery/spicy/lemony/salty sauce concoction of your choice.  As far as these Cajun boil bags are concerned, the ones found here don't command the premium pricing that one would find in the city... and that's just fine with me, this stuff gets the job done just as effectively (and Hell, maybe even a bit better).In addition to the signature bagged seafood selections (which also include shrimp, squid, crawfish, and other things I'm not naming because I don't know/remember), they have a number of other foodstuffs that you can order and eat like a civilized human being (i.e. with a spoon and fork).  The noteworthy item that my party had undertaken the task of eating was the uni pasta.  It was neatly presented in a bowl (in stark juxtaposition to the lack of elegance seen with the seafood bags), and yes, we did eat the pasta with forks... as we're not savages.
The restaurant has a nice atmosphere. The staff there were efficient and pleasant. We were able to book a table for a big group without any problems. The music was a little loud so we couldn't hear what someone said down the table but a little screaming never hurt anyone. The food was good. We ordered everything off the appetizer menu. Nothing bad. The crab roll  was eh the least favorite dish. The crab and shrimp boil naked and Cajun was good. There is parking on the sidewalk in front of the store...only several spots. Otherwise park at the mall. It gets really congested there.
Great food and they have happy hour!! Everything was yum and so filling. Definitely coming back for the clams and lobster.
Came here for happy hour only. $1 oysters are always an attractive deal to me. However, we got a mix of mostly fresh oysters, and some that were not fresh at all. Those left a bad taste in our mouths. I would be careful with seasons when ordering $1 oysters here. The $1 wings are a pretty good deal, and good to munch on while sipping on beer. They put their cocktails in capri-sun like pouches which make them fun to drink! All of their pouch cocktails are worth trying, but all of them taste very strongly of alcohol so beware if you do not like the strong tasting cocktails.
I don't know yet if I'm a fan.  May update this review when I go again.  I'm always worried happy hour (even on weekend!)  oysters aren't fresh.  But this isn't the case with Naked Crab.  We ordered 2 dozen of the Blue Point Oysters and every single one tasted like sea and plump too!  If my review was based on this alone, I'd give it 4 stars.The service was excellent though so I'd give 4 stars on that.The entrees was where I had to take off a few points.Uni Pasta - By far one of the best if not the best Uni Pasta I've had in NYC.  They top it off with what the waiter called "crab eggs" but it's really crab tomalley.  The price of $28 is pretty steep for a small (yet filling and decadent) plate of pasta.  Foie Gras - This was very disappointing actually.  There was just too much salt.  Would stay away from this.Dungeness Crab, King crab legs, crawfish boil.  -  They're good but nothing too special for the price.  Their "Shabang" sauce was too vinegary for our palette.  The Garlic and butter sauce had an off brown/orange color and there's something else in there... but can't quite figure out what it is.I don't mind paying $$$ for great food...but this isn't great.  I'll try it again some time in the near future though...would order something different...but will maybe do 3-4 dozen of the happy hour oysters :)
Don't know that I can speak to their Cajun Bonafides, but otherwise, based on a fairly minimal one pick up order database,I'd be largely inclined towards an enthusiastic thumbs up.Superbly,supremely fresh mostly raw seafood was what I hoped for, and indeed received.Had never before tried  raw lobster, but their lobster sashimi was a glorious revelation of just how good this can be.Not thst the mussels w crudo of shrimp + avocado salad were inferior by any means.Not to mention a very tasty coconut pudding dessert.
loved it, some of the freshest oysters I've had in queens,but the bone marrow was the best!!Its definitely worth a trip.
Fourth time here today. The owner is nothing but entertainment! The happy hour is awesome! $1 for oysters (fresh and juicy) and $6 for cocktails (we ordered 10).I haven't had a chance to try meat yet since I love seafood too much to resist. Had 3+ bags of seafood mix every time I visit. Dessert is super yummy and reasonable price.
I've been here about 4 times now and I love it here. First of all - AtmosphereBeing in Flushing it's very hard to find a good place to eat with friends without it being packed or nosy. However this place is perfect. My friends and I can spend hours just hanging out here eating oysters and clams. Second of all - Food Food is mostly hit or miss from what I experienced, mostly hit tho. Everything seafood is delicious, burgers and pasta are good too (pastas portion not the biggest tho). Their plain Mac and cheese was a thumbs down for me tho. Go to would definitely be (Happy hour) baked or raw oysters/clams and their boil. Their garlic noodles are really delicious too. I mainly come for these options so if you love seafood this is definitely the place for you. Third - Service Service has always been good, gives you your space but still attentive. We had a big party today and they gave us shots on the house! I think price wise, not during happy hour it can rack up to be quite pricey but during it's a great value. TLDR: 10/10 I hope this place never shuts down lol
This restaurant isn't too hard to miss. It's literally right next to the hotel and a great spot for a lunch or dinner outing after shopping in the Skyview center. Everything from the fresh oysters to the grilled oysters to the lobster roll to the boil were scrumptious. The staff were very quick, attentive and awesome simply put. The prices are very reasonable and they also have an amazing happy hour from 4-7 daily. I'm definitely coming back.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon with my friends. When we got there, I was thrilled with the service of the people who worked there. They were very kind and welcomed us. We tried plenty of foods when we were there. I personally LOVE seafood, so everything here was great to me. They had lobster burgers, soft shell crabs, and pastas too! I also tried their seafood boil, and I loved their signature sauce. The portions were very fair too, in my opinion. Their drinks are so fun to drink! Though the thai iced tea was a bit sweet, the light bulbs in them made the drink and experience much more fun! I would definitely go back, and would highly recommend this place to you!
All!!!!I can say,ill be backThe food was goodThe drinks was fab,especially the drink callKalesshi,from the game of thronesDon't know if I spelled it right,,but Love the place
I love these types of seafood places. The food was great. Service was beyond amazing. Waiters are super nice. I'll be coming back again!
Ehhh, over hyped. The boil was great, lobster roll was super small, fries were delicious, Cajun wings delicious, adult caprison should have been filled to the top & woulda been great to take with you.. too bad you can't (I don't see why not) & steak over priced. Won't be back ‍ Our server Jaikia was nice.
Highly recommended!!!The best seafood I have ever tried in flushing!Snow crab legs are the best.
If Happy Hour had a fan club, I'd be enrolled. Let me tell you something... I love a GOOD Happy Hour; and this Happy Hour right here is to die for. The grilled oyster(best i've ever had) and the drinks(can't remember what it's called, but it's the first drink on the menu)... amazing! The wings and brussel sprouts could've been better but were still very very good. I'd go back, GLADLY. I'm hoping to try other things on the menu soon... but for now, I'm impressed.
Went here 1/22/18. Love the music. Beverage of choice: a khaleesi (excellent!!!). Had a seafood boil with shrimp, crab legs, mussels, corn, sausage rice cakes. Complained about mussels (very sandy). Had them removed from the bill with no problem  along with apology from chef. The rest of food was really good. Parking is scarce. I'd go back but would never order the mussels again
I will be returning to naked crab for happy hours. I ordered the $1 happy oysters, Cajun fries, shrimp cocktail, 2 $7 cocktails, and snow crab combo. It totaled into $98 (with tip). The $1 oysters, $7 Capri sun cocktails, and fries were the only thing I was satisfied with. The oysters were extremely fresh and no sand!!! The cocktails were so yummy! The fries were crispy and would be hard for someone to mess up fries. Now, the bad. The shrimp cocktail was $12 for 5 shrimps. They were SMALL to be shrimp cocktails. It is just too expensive for little quantity & size. The snow crab should have been the best thing we tasted since it is kind of the selling point of this place. But no. We got garlic butter but it did not taste like it. I've tried other places like this and garlic butter is usually always good and buttery. This place just had chunks of garlic in the sauce and it was just okay..... not good. Also, the combo comes with 1/2 pound of clam, shrimp or crawfish. We thought it was a good deal but .... we realized we got fooled. Let me explain, the combo was $31. The snow crab itself would be $24/lb & clams $12-13/lb. They make you think you're getting a deal when you're not because it doesn't come with 1 pound of clam!!! Only 1/2 pound!!! And they do not state how much is clams you would be getting on the menu. I only found out because I asked. Over all, I will be returning for only happy hour for the oysters & cocktails. I am willing to try other things on the menus but I will not be getting any of the boils (seafood bags) or the shrimp cocktail again. Thanks for reading my long ass review!! Hope it helped!!
Absolutely FANTASTIC! I was pleasantly surprised with Naked Crab and its offerings. The food was delicious and the service was top notch. They have great happy hour specials from 3pm-11pm and all night if you sit at the bar. You can't go wrong with $1 raw oysters , $1.50 grilled oysters and a variety of drink specials! We were a party of 3 and we started with a few drinks, a dozen oysters, the uni pasta, 3 lbs of seafood boil to share and the creme brulee & green tea truffle dessert. Every single dish offered quality ingredients - the oysters were super fresh, the uni pasta was creamy, yet light and the seafood was beyond flavorful! The creme brulee was probably one of the best I've had (not overly sweet & super creamy)! We were all swept away by the quality of their food and are already making plans for our next visit! It's a true gem in the busy streets of Flushing and I couldn't be happier to welcome the good eats and great service offered here.Shout out to Nelson, the manager/owner, who really knows the importance of quality customer service. He was friendly and attentive from the start of our Naked Crab experience and throughout! I can't wait to go back!PS - Decor/Food/Service is on point here! You really don't feel like you're in Flushing when dining here. WAY BETTER than THE BOIL! TWO thumbs up to the staff!
Came here on a weekday for dinner and we were seated right away. The atmosphere in this restaurant makes you forget that you are in the middle of flushing. I had my eye on the Uni pasta but they didn't have uni the day I went, so we settled for the bone marrow pasta that they recommended. We also ordered the crab cake for appetizer, 1lb of crawfish in Cajun sauce medium spice, and 1lb of shrimp in the butter garlic sauce mild. (If you are up for a challenge there is a option for Carolina reaper). Crab cake had a poached egg on top but tasted like the frozen crab cakes. The bone marrow pasta was nothing exciting and definitely not worth the price! However, the boils was delicious their sauces were so flavorful! The seafood in the boils were also very fresh.
Great place! The seafood was fresh, service prompt!, and waiters were very nice. I had the garlic bread, fried calamari, shrimp balls, and the snow crab and shrimp combo boil! Me and my bf left satisfied and full! -update! 2nd time here and it was just as delish! Not only that but the owner was soo nice and charged my phone! Calamarie was amazing! Corn was great! Everything about naked crab is amazing!!
My boyfriend and I came to Naked Crab during a slight snow storm so there weren't a lot of people and we were seated right away. We ordered the shrimp in naked sauce (medium) and snow crab in naked sauce (mild). naked sauce is a combination of the three sauces: cajun, garlic butter, and lemon pepper. I would recommend getting medium instead of mild for more flavor. the food came out in a timely manner and my oh my, it was delicious! my boyfriend wore a thick sweater and his sleeves kept rolling down, so one of the waiters came by and rolled it up for him - haha! I would definitely come here again. the food was great, the service was 10 out of 10, and it's very affordable.
Food was good  we made mistake of ordering spicy though. Crying  inside. Took the rest home to clean off spicy and eat.  first time here. Lesson learned.
2nd time coming to this place and its still just as delicious! Hubby and I love the crab legs!! My cousin had the soft shell crab burger which she said was delicious!  I def love that they play r&b/hiphop too!! Sooo coming back for more!
Ate at the bar for all night HH. The bars have hooks for your things so it's not so inconvenient!The service is fast and friendly. The place was pretty empty on a Wednesday night, but no complaints.We tried the garlic noodles, oysters, mac & cheese, chicken wings, grilled clams, and cajun fries. The garlic noodles are definitely better than Claw Daddy's in the city. They're kind of sweet-garlicky. You can't go wrong with oysters (they give lemon & cocktail sauce), but some of them got a little gritty. Chicken wings were a little saltier than I prefer, but were super crispy. The garlic butter sauce on the grilled clams was great. You can't go wrong with fries either.And we had so many choices of wine to pick from. Two types of white, two types of red, and a sparkling, if I'm remembering correctly.We stayed for like 3 hours or something, but no one seemed to mind. It's a little out of the way for the Main St. area, but definitely one of the best HH deals around, not just in Flushing. Will definitely go back!
One of my friends recommended this spot. I gotta say the seafood here was extremely fresh.I and my friend had the Snow Crab combo with Shrimps with the oyster sampler. The oysters are good and shrimps were delicious.The crabs were not flavorful. It is not worthy for the price.
The foods are good. But!! They are too expensive toward the small amount?? These oysters are not $1 each but $2.5 each. I never saw any oysters like this small. And the beef marrow is so little marrow like nothing...for $10. lol If you are not a big fan Please avoid. The pasta is the only thing I could recommend. Feeling bad for taking my family here... ((
This restaurant hasn't been opened for too long and there's definitely a lot of potential. For an establishment that hasn't been around for too long, they honestly deserve more credit and attention. It's located in the building where the Parc Hotel is, which is right next to Skyview. The restaurant is super easy to miss, but you can park there easily once you find it! It's the gray building on College Point Boulevard. First off, the service here is amazing and the food here is just as stellar. There's barely any Cajun seafood places in Queens and the ones that have been in Flushing in the past were complete trash. The RAW OYSTERS were realllllllly good! We ordered a dozen oysters and they were all shucked nicely and they were super meaty and flavorful. The GRILLED OYSTERS AND CLAM were terrific too. Like the ones from the raw bar, they were just as meaty as well (a little on the tougher side since they're cooked, but with the butter and everything, it tasted delicious!)I loved the FRIED CHICKEN. It was super crunchy and crispy. There was a super generous and even batter to meat ratio! Cajun fries were crispy and super fresh when we got them! The UNI PASTA is a little on the pricey side and uni is an acquired taste for a lot of people. I feel like the uni pasta can use a little work since it wasn't as creamy as I have tried in other places, but it was still yummy and the uni complemented the pasta very well when you mix it in. The SMOKED SALMON SALAD was good, but I wished there was a little more salmon. The salmons were nice and smoky though! Really enjoyed it ^___^! The SHRIMP AND AVOCADO SALAD was great too actually! Not really sure what sauce they drizzled over the salad but it complemented the shrimp and avocado chunks really well. The salads were also very refreshing for a meal like this.We also got the Sirloin Prime, Duck Breast and Lamb Rack. The DUCK BREAST was cooked to perfection! It had a melt in your mouth sensation that left you wanting for more after each bite ^__^ The salad on the side also complemented it really well and was very refreshing. The SIRLOIN PRIME was cut in very big chunks, so that got a little overwhelming. We ordered it medium rare, but it was still very enjoyable (had to cut it up into thinner slices though). Usually not a big fan of lamb, so I wasn't gonna eat it at first, but ended up eating and very grateful that I did. The LAMB RACK was very tender and flavorful as well. Thoroughly enjoyed all three entrees. For the BOILS, they're a little smaller than the ones in the city, but the ones in the city are way more expensive too. We had a bit of the shrimps, mussels, clams, snow crabs, lobster, king crab legs. The mussels and clams were actually a lot more meaty than what I'm used to seeing so I was really happy to see that. The shrimp was good, wasn't overcooked or anything (but I feel like shrimp never really gets the flavor of the sauce as well since you have to peel the skin anyway). Lobster was good too. But my favorite was definitely the snow crabs and king crab legs. They're pretty generous with the amount of snow crabs and they're all super meaty. They provide you with bibs, gloves and cracking utensils. You also get the corns, shrimp and potatoes and those usually go with the sauces really well. I believe we had the Naked sauce, which is their own restaurant made sauce, and the Sha-bang sauce in medium! I'm usually not a spicy fan, but I was able to handle it. For dessert, get the CREME BRULEE! They serve it in these mason jars which are pretty cute and the creme brulee itself is a nice finish to such a meal! I guess some people have given this place lower reviews because of the pricing of the food, but good Cajun seafood is really hard to come by in Queens. Also seems like they have pretty good happy hour deals from 5pm-7pm and all night at the bar, so no need to travel to the city for these happy hour deals!!
The Naked Crab is not the best seafood restaurant but it's definitely one of the better places to go for lobster and crab legs.There was alot of hype when this restaurant opened but it's definitely not over-rated.Will do a second visit when we're in the Flushing area and in the mood for crabs.
This is a new restaurant and I came across it completely random walking out of the mall. Been here with a couple friends twice for happy hour $1 oysters. They have great happy hour deals. Drinks are great and food is amazing. Their regular entree is a little pricey but their appetizer menu has a lot to offer! The black truffle pasta is absolutely a must as well as their lobster mac and cheese. You won't want it to be over. Don't mind the presentation of the menu... (it's like a filing folder) but it definitely does not reflect the great food and service at this place!
My first time to try this place. Happy hour everyday of the week! Fresh, plump, juicy oysters and the sky view drink came in a pouch that lights up! Will definitely be back and bring family and friends over.
Great sea food and drinks. Seafood always fresh and price is right. Oysters fresh and they have happy hour every day. I keep coming back with my husband. We love this place!
The rate is for service.Here's what happened. I saw a promotion online and I have the coupon for this restaurant and I asked them if I could use it. The waitress said NO first and then she said she could ask (with my phone). When she returned, she said I could use it. Then someone called her and she came back again saying that the minimum amount for using it would be $50. Later I realized the coupon DID NOT even say about the minimum. So obviously, they didn't want to give us the deal. So cheap! Besides that, the food was okay.
The owner is really funny and the environment is great! The food is awesome as well! Taste so much better than the boil in my opinion. They offer great deals for happy hour.
Nice food. Order crab middle hot sauce and  cocktail. And just steam lobster.  They are good.
I literally just walked out from dinner spending $91 on some watered down tasting seafood (granted I also ordered 2 apps and 2 beers). And I also happened to drain a crab claw for a good minute because there was so much water in it that ultimately watered down everything!!Only reason why this review is getting 2 stars is because of the excellent service (restaurant was half empty during Friday dinner service). I guess for the price, you get what you get. After dining at The Boil in Chinatown and The Boiling Crab in Los Angeles this can never compare. We ordered 2 combos of the 1 pound snow crab and shrimp (5-7 pieces of large shrimps) for $28 which came with 2 pieces of corn and potatoes. It is definitely cheaper than the more well known spots but of course the shrimp and crab here were previously frozen. When it came time to peeling the crab, half the meat would rip off with the skin. And the sauce? You're only allowed one sauce per each combo because they put the 2 seafoods together (so it hides the fact that there are barely any shrimps). We ordered a Cajun spicy and a naked spicy. Boy was it watered down. The spiciness was definitely there but there was none of that garlic/lemon taste the servers said there would be. As for the 2 apps, we tried the mac and cheese and Cajun fries. The mac and cheese come shortly after we ordered and was served on a skillet, it was okay. The Cajun fries that I ordered came AFTER our boil came out and it was just your everyday seasoned fries. Once I saw how plain it was I thought they forgot the Cajun seasoning so I asked our server if Cajun spice was suppose to be sprinkled on but she said "no the fries are marinated". Don't come. Don't eat here. I rather fly to LA for boil than  eat here ever again.
Came to see what naked crabs look like. Was bot disappointed at all. Finding parking may be hard. But the atmosphere was nice. It was like a sports bar. I came when there weren't a lot of people but i still enjoyed it here with my girlfriend. Waitresses were friendly and gave suggestions as well. The refreshments like most places were overpriced. The pineapple juice was $3 and it tasted like it came out from the can. We had mac and cheese as our appetizer and it was really good. It was like on the salty side but the cheese taste stood out and it tasted really good. For Our main course we got snow crabs w/ shrimp and extra sausage. It came with one potato and corn. We picked medium spicy with garlic and butter w/ cajun sauce. This was really good too! The outside was a bit salty but it was rich in flavor in the meat. The quantity was good too. We were satisfied when we finished the whole meal.
I heard about this place for about 2 months now and finally decided to try it. I ordered the uni pasta, one pound of shrimp in the naked crab sauce, the oyster sampler, and the fish and chips appetizer. We decided to try the uni pasta because of the many pictures we saw on yelp...however the uni pasta ($28) was the biggest disappointment I've had here..the sauce was so heavy and dry that it ruined the creamy goodness that's supposed to come from the uni.. we each took a bite and didn't finish the rest.The oyster sampler ($13) however was pretty fresh and well priced..something I would come back for. The pound of shrimp($14) in the naked sauce was good but the sauce was very watery, if only it was thicker. The fish and chips ($9) appetizer was good but very small portion...
Best food I had in New York. Europe crayfish, and Japanese A5 beef are the best. Must try
Sometimes when you have a crab craving there is nothing you can do or think about until you have some decent crab. I had no interest for imitation. I wanted to have lush buttery melt in your mouth crab meat. And Naked Crab delivered with filled crab legs, butter and fun drinks (see packaging). They were friendly and accommodating and my only regret is they don't have a location closer to me.
So many new dishes on the menu! Yum. We had Yohan as the server and he was outstanding as always. Please thank him for us. He was so attentive and friendly!
Had a small family dinner there and let me say I was impressed! The snow crab legs were so meaty the calamari was amazing! I had the 1lb snow crab legs boil bag in Cajun sauce medium uhhh to die for! The light up drinks were everything! I def will be going back! It was surprisingly quiet for a Friday night....the DJ was great! I really enjoyed myself.
With a influx of cajun boils flooding this gentrified town we call Flushing, it's the new craze these days. With competition minutes away from each other, everyone is doing their best to stand out, and naked crab is doing just that, standing out. The rustic modern feel is warm with a southern comfort atmosphere of people just enjoying themselves, that it makes you just want to have a good time as well.The food is what you'd expect, nothing short of good. I must admit though, I'm not a fan of the sauces for the boils, but the quality of food and service is great. I'd say this is one of the best happy hour $1 oysters you can find. The wings are decent and the grilled oysters were good just a little small. The hero though, is that uni pasta. It's a pricey dish, but well worthy of it's praise. The pasta is nicely al dente with a nice portion of uni on top of umami bursting tomalley aka crab fat. If you don't mind the cholesterol, it's a heavenly addition with the plump pieces of uni. Overall, great food and great service, but it comes with a price. It's a new establishment that I can see lasting in this ever growing competition filled little town. Stay fat mother suckers
The store food are welcome  for kids and adults. Waiters are nice. We smell curry flavour that's  our favourite curry seafood. Oyster fresh and dipping sauce are good.   All the hall and restroom are clean and looks romanticized. Price is ok. My kid liked to eat friend fried, my mom liked to eat pasta.
First time eating here. My dad knows the owner so we were able to get a taste of mainly everything on the menu which was awesome. This is an unbiased review.We had raw oysters, baked oysters and clams (like the ones you can find in NOLA), seafood mardi gra boils, goose liver, lamb, garlic bread, steak, and dessert.I've been to NOLA this past September so the flavor profile of this place really brought me back to that trip. I'm a huge seafood boil kinda gal and this place made me extremely happy.All in all, Naked Crab gets a 10/10.Definitely will be coming back again.
If you've been to the boil in Chinatown, then you clearly know which place is the better contender. My friends and I came here since one of them had a coupon to get 1lb of shrimp for free. Of course, we go anywhere that offers some kind of free food. We ordered some cocktails, cajun fries, mac and cheese with lobster, 2lbs of clams, 1lb of shrimp (free), both with the naked sauce and medium spice, and some oysters since it was happy hour. I got the sky view cocktail which had lychee and vodka. I thought it was pretty good and my friends enjoyed their drinks as well (first kiss and in the nude). I have no say on the oysters since I'm not a big fan of them but my friends that had them said it was fresh and good. In my opinion, the stars of the dinner were the Cajun fries and the lobster mac and cheese. Why? Because I felt like the shrimp and clams were subpar. For 3 people, the shrimp and clams were more than enough. They both came with a couple of potatoes and corn which was a plus. However, the naked sauce was a disappointment. I expected something more garlicky and buttery, similar to the boil's special sauce, but it came nowhere close to it. Although there's a hint of garlic, I did wish it was stronger especially since we saw huge pieces of garlic in the bags. Though we all left pretty full, the boils itself were kind of a letdown. However, this place is a nice addition to the vast amount of restaurants in flushing. The redeeming factors of the dinner were the fries, mac and cheese, the music/ambiance, and the service we've received. It's hard to find good service in flushing so props to Naked Crab for delivering. Most likely won't be back anytime soon though.
Customer service is great . They are very friendly. When I was cold the boss even turned down the heat. Now that's what I call customer service. The shrimp is out of this world fresh and the sauce it comes in (house sauce) is the bees kneez. Way better than boil!Fresh fish. Good chefs. Good people. Good service. Good sauce. Decent atmosphere. What more could you ask for?
Love it! We went today (Sunday) for lunch. I had the white wine sangria and it was AMAZING!! Look at my photos. Self explanatory. We did the naked sauce with our lobster and prawns. We did the lemon pepper sauce with our mussels, both at a medium spicy level. We love Kumamotos and bluepoints sooooo you can best believe I ordered extras!!! Great service, great food. I can't wait to go back again.
This is one of my new favorite places! I had a blast here my first time and my second time around was still pretty enjoyable.First thing's first: Happy Hour is from 3-7PM. Past 7pm, head up to the bar for the HH deals, which is still not too shabby. Here's what you get for the HH:- $6 Cocktails (usually $8)- $5 Beers (usually $5-$9)- $1 Oysters / $1 Wings- $1.50 Grilled OystersI loved the $1 oysters, the $1 wings not so much. I just remember the meat of the wings being so red and although they look crunchy, they were pretty bland. The dollar oysters were so fresh, though! They don't give out the garlic sauce, though, just the cocktail sauce.And the drinks are pretty good - pretty strong, so you're getting your money's worth.Snow Crab Combo: Always a hit - 1 lb. snow crab with your choice of shrimp, clams, or crawfish. And I always get the shrimp. So this dish is great, but my personal peeve is that when taking the shell of the shrimp - the last tip of the tail doesn't come off - so to me it's not as fresh as I'd like it to be. But again, that's just my preference. The snow crab is still delicious, though!Lobster Roll: Personal opinion - unless I am drowning in lobster, I don't see a need for the $20 price. I did not drown in lobster, however, it comes with a ton of arugula salad and fries - doesn't equate the price tag, but it's trying.Shrimp & Avocado Salad: Honestly, this was pretty enjoyable. I wish the shrimp wasn't cut down into so many pieces, but at one point, there was definitely more avocado than lettuce, so no complaints, here!Garlic Bread: Pretty good. If this already doesn't come with the dish that I am eating, I usually order it on the side.Uni Pasta: Fish lovers who love pasta, this is for you! I didn't expect to like it as much as I did - I am not a fan of uni, but it was pleasantly enjoyable.Wild Salmon: Woot, this one was a HIT! It was cooked so well, I'm  still salivating over it...Oh! I've also had the Naked Crab Mardi Gras special. While they do say that it's a minimum of 4 people - when my group ordered it, they still asked how many people would be eating it. So we ended up ordering for two, it was still pretty filling. You get:- Snow Crab legs- Squid- Mussles- Clams- Shrimps- Corn- Potatoes- Sausage- Garlic BreadWe ordered all of this with the Naked Sauce and we didn't like the sauce...which is what the seafood was all drowned in, but I'm not holding it against this. I'd probably order this again with any other sauce.So I'm not sure for everyone else, but the only thing that bummed me out about my experiences was that because we were sitting right under the air conditioner, so if we didn't eat our food then and there, it got cold within 5 minutes. So yes, the Mardi Gras special got cold real quick.As everyone has mentioned, though, the service is awesome, so that's another reason why I'll stay loyal. Oh and the restrooms are so clean! There are 3 gender-neutral restrooms so everyone wins.And FYI for any cider lovers, the only cider they have is Rekorderlig Wild Berries Cider.Cailin's Recommendations- Snow Crab Combo ($24)- Garlic Bread ($5)- Wild Salmon ($24)- Shrimp & Avocado Salad ($8)- Uni Pasta ($28)- $1 Oysters!
Happy hour was delicious and very much worth it! The oysters were fresh and the grilled clams were great. The 1lb garlic butter clams were half off, but were a little too salty for our taste. The menu Is very straight forward and has a lot of different options, however we went for mostly sea food and were not disappointed. Service was also very good! We had a wonderful experience here and are definitely planning on coming back.
Came for HH. $1 oysters were fresh. we ordered 2 dozen in total and a dozen of $1.5 grilled oysters. When we got there at 5pm on a Sunday, it was very empty with maybe 1 or 2 tables filled. We ordered the lobster combo boil, with the naked sauce + medium spicy. It was not medium spicy as i was able to eat a lot of it (and I am the least spice tolerant person anyone knows). We had the uni pasta, which was surprisingly good. Wasn't too busy until around 6 or 7. I think their HH menu is robust and good quality.
The best crab and shrimp combo... I've ever tasted ! I mean it's easy to overspend here because everything looks good . I came here last night craving seafood with my love , and ordered the bake sea clams and for my entree the snow crab with shrimp ( garlic butter flavored) ... my taste buds were in heaven ! Not to mention the service was phenomenal.. very attentive , really nice waiters ! Highly recommend!
Although it's a seafood restaurant but I always get the shrimp avocado salad and foie gras.. it's delicious.
My favorite spot for seafood boil! Not over crowded, kid friendly, great menu, great drinks. Had to minus one star for no parking available. Best option is to park at Sky view mall's lot, 2 blocks away.  There's a good variety of dishes offered on the menu and just as delish as the boil, which is great for those that aren't down to get dirty (grilled oysters are a MUST). The food is overall well prepared and fresh (they clean out the shrimp shit!!) Definitely coming back and highly recommend!!
Food r always amazing, highly recommended!  The lamb chop; steak (30oz); Foie Gras (v good, I order this every visit); carb, and the Kobe beef (risotto lay on bottom) always delicious! Nelson always arranged the food nicely.
Went here earlier this month with my bestie as I was already around flushing for a dental appointment. Been wanting to check out this place since I heard about it from my wechat feed. We came after happy hours was over (5-7pm) so missed out on the happy hour deals as we were seat on the table instead of the bar. At the bar it's all day happy hour deals. So do take advantage of that. In my tips, I mention what the happy hour deals were. Check it out. We had the boils. I had the lobster boil while my bestie had the snow crab boil. When you first add them on your wechat acct if you have wechat which I recommend. It's my favorite chat/social media platform. Most popular in China as it was develop there. Anyways, after you add their acct on your wechat friends and post up three photos on your wechat feed, they will give you one pound of shrimp free. So worth it! Checking into yelp will get you a free glass of wine. Worth it. Now back to the boil. It was well season sauce and delicious. This is definitely a place for seafood lovers. If you want crayfish they are out for the season. But there is a seafood place in 8th avenue that offer crayfish boil. Very good place for crayfish called "Beef and Fish".  But if you are craving boils and don't feel like going all the way to queens, then check out "Boat house" in 8th Ave Brooklyn.  Back to Naked crab, the staff was professional and friendly. Service was acceptable. Would come back again for the happy hour specials. I noticed they have a competitor restaurant call "shaking crab" down the block that also offer boils in flushing. I will check out that place next and let you know my review.
I've never been to any of these seafood boil places so I was really excited to try one. The naked crab was a pretty good choice in my opinion. The staff was friendly and attentive and the place was dim but not too dark. I tried their garlic pasta, which honestly just tasted like pasta with garlic sauce. Now, that being said it was still delicious. Maybe just not worth the price, which I think was about $7. The corn with butter was $3, and I thought the sauces on the corn made it good but the corn itself was a little mediocre. The clams were really good in my opinion, but just a little small. And the boil I got was the snow crab legs with shrimp. So I usually really like spicy food so I got mine with the naked sauce with is a combo of the garlic, cajun and lemon pepper and then plus the spicy flavor. I think that was a mistake on my part because the spice overpowered the seafood taste a little which I think wasn't necessary. If you like spice, getting the medium or mild is probably enough. The boil itself came with 6 crab legs, 8 shrimps, a piece of corn and half a potato. I actually really liked the potato in it, which helped with the spice lol overall, I really enjoyed my visit there, even though the pricing might not be totally worth it but I guess you're also paying for the experience, especially if you have never been!
Went here recently & although the restaurant is just about identical to "Claw Daddy's" the food is slightly better. We had the grilled oysters, chicken wings & fried oysters (you haven't lived until you had fried oysters ) for our appetizers. As our entree my friend had the shrimp boil & I had shrimp/crawfish which was really good. The drinks were really good as well & 100% better than Claw Daddy's.
we were originally going to Shaking Crab but good thign we didnt! we saw Naked Crab on yelp and decided to switch last minute. We made it just in time for dinner but early enough for the HH specials! lucky us! - HH even on weekends until 7pm! the HH although is limited, is enough - $5 beer and wine, and $1 raw oysters, $1.50 grilled oysters, $1 per wing - we ordered a little bit of everything. Don't expect anything premium here, but it fills the crave for some raw/cooked oysters. The seating was spacious and it wasn't too crowded the entire time we dined here. The servers did get busy and it was hard to flag one down but the meal was great. We ordered a lb of the Shabang sauce which had a weird kick of sriracha in the beginning but ur palette adjusts and you start to like it quite a bit. their garlic butter sauce can use a bit of work but nonetheless, satisfies the craving for some seafood. Little did we know, they have a few, and by a few i mean 2-3 spots in the front of the restaurant for parking. There's only one ramp so you may have to roll up on the curb. Their men is quite extensive and I ordered a side of white rice - expecting nice asian jasmine rice and what i got instead was some cheap american rice... either that or it was extremely low quality rice. I was disappointed because I always eat the rice with the sauce in the seafood bags. My friend ordered a lobster roll - and found a nice piece of human hair tucked into the roll - needless to say she didn't eat it and they took it off the bill. I was also disappointed they didn't have gumbo. But still had a great meal.
I've been here twice. Very clean restaurant and good service both times. First time I tried the Uni Pasta and a pound of shrimp in their homemade sauce. The second time, I tried the garlic butter noodles, lobster roll, and another pound of shrimp in garlic butter sauce. I would say that everything was above satisfactory except for the lobster roll. The bun they use feels very ordinary - almost like a regular hot dog bun. The lobster bits are made into a cole slaw like mixture, which doesn't give it the typical lobster roll flavor. The uni pasta is $28 which is very expensive for what you get, but the presentation is A1. They often have groupons available for use. I'm looking forward to returning for their happy hour!
My family and I were in the mood for seafood and we happened upon this place. The hostess and the waitresses were very friendly aside from the one waiter who seemed rather annoyed. They had the music blaring like it was a night club scene so when we had to constantly repeat our orders, he was visibly annoyed. The Lobster Combo ($40) was lacking in terms of quantity while the flavor was decent; half an ear of corn and half a potato with a small lobster was certainly not worth the money. We never even received the salmon dish since they ended up sending it to another table. One time for this place is enough. Not worth the money or the time. You're practically yelling to everyone since they refused to turn the music down. There's no wait because this place isn't even worth the time to walk to it. There are plenty of other places in Flushing that have good seafood at a good price and you can actually have a private conversation. Please don't even give this place a second thought.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is amazing. The boil sauces are wonderful and at a reasonable price. My favorite dish is the truffle pasta, baked clams and the truffle oil lamb chops. Definitely a must try. Oh the coconut pudding is amazing too. I highly recommend this place.
I saw a good deal for this spot on Groupon. I'm not sure if the deal is still available but go check it out. I recommend a few dishes here:Wild Salmon: did not have the fishy taste which was great, the chef cooked it to near perfectionGarlic noodles: worth trying Cajun corn: too much white sauce for me but the flavor combo was a worthy tryCreme brule: Super good, must try dessert, the original flavor is YUM!Thai Iced Tea: Flavor was on point, ask for more milk if you like it milkyI somewhat recommend the beef sliders: too much coleslaw, if you like coleslaw then you would like this burger. The beef patty taste was alright nothing to rave about.
Came in on Saturday at 7:30pm with a serious cajun boil craving. If you're driving, theres about 5 parking spots right in front of the restaurant. Instant Pros: 1. No wait to be seated 2. Happy hour EVERY DAY raw oysters ($1),  grilled clams and oysters ($1.50)We started with the raw oysters and clams which tasted very fresh. The clams were huge! 4/5. Next we had a few grilled oysters and clams which were a mouthful of hot salty cheesy goodness 4/5. The garlic noodles were like spaghetti noodles with a sweet sauce and salty cheese on top.  It was alright, 3/5. Now for the main event. For the 2 of us,  we decided on 1 lb crawfish ($14/lb) in cajun sauce, 1 lb crawfish in naked sauce and 1 lb King crab legs ($38/lb) in naked sauce. Each bag came with a piece of corn and a potato. I think it must be crawfish season because these crawfish were big and meaty. The king crab was cooked perfectly and retained its ocean sweetness. The cajun sauce had a sweetness to it and reminded me of Japanese curry. The Naked sauce, which is a mix of cajun,  lemon butter,  and garlic butter was a little better,  but personally still not enough garlic. Overall taste experience 4/5, and this mostly because I can't help but compare the taste to The Boil which has the sauce that's jam packed with garlic.  The bartender was very friendly. The service was excellent.  The Boil has a special place in my heart and stomach, but the Naked Crab is a contender when I can't wait 50 min to get to Chinatown. I would definitely come back.
First time eating there. Took our 9yr old for her bday dinner. We had the seafood boils with lobster, snow crab legs and shrimp. The garlic butter sauce is delicious. My husband and I really like the cocktails the was serve in ziplock bags with light up ices. Definitely try the sky view it's amazing. We would definitely come back again and try the other items in the menu. Also the service was friendly and efficient.
I've been to many seafood places in the city and in Flushing. Never had anything really stand out but no complaints. That said, Naked Crab is great! Came here twice so far and both times the service was great. The prices are reasonable (1 lb of snow crab + shrimp for $24 includes corn and potatoes) and even greater if you get the Groupon! The waitresses will check up on you often and refill your water often as well. The seafood is really fresh and you can taste it. When I crack open a crack leg, there's a satisfying whole piece of meat instead of having it broken in half. Got my food to go cus I couldn't finish it all. When I got home and wanted to eat it, I saw that they included a pair of plastic gloves to eat it with. So thoughtful and sweet!Would def come here again :)!
Came here for the happy hour and left happy. Highly recommend the grilled oysters/clams.
I've been to Boiling Crab on the West Coast many times so I'm always looking for something similar here in NY. This place came up and I decided to give it a try. Servers were very friendly and always available when needed. They have Happy Hour from 3-7 which is always a plus in my book. Oysters are $1 each which was pretty fresh, we ended up ordering more, Grilled oyster I think it's $1.50 each was also pretty good but I prefer raw. We then ordered 1lb of Cajun shrimp, 1lb of sheabang shrimp, 1 butter garlic sauce lobster, 2 lbs of the naked sauce snow crab. Portions were huge well worth it! The sauces not so much a fan it was very thick and it tasted ok. Also ordered Foie Gras amazing! And creme brulee heaven!. I would Definitely come back here and just order steamed without any sauce.
My girlfriend and I found a Groupon for The Naked Crab ($15 for $30 worth) so we decided to give it a try. We made reservations for a Saturday at 6PM 3-4 days in advance. Little did we know, there was a blizzard on that day that made traveling by car very difficult and dangerous. Being the adventurous couple that we are, some might say "stupid", we decided to still go. They have a "parking lot" that could hold up to 4 cars max right in front of their restaurant. So being the lucky guy that I am, I was able to snag myself a spot right next to the only car there. We were greeted right when we walked in and we even got to choose where we sat because there was a grand total of 2 other groups of customers. The service was awesome because all the attention was focused on us, basically. Our water and tea cups were constantly being refilled, mostly my girlfriend's because she seems to always be suffering from dehydration or something. The highlight of my visit though was when I was having trouble rolling up my sleeves because I had sauce all over my gloves. The waiter came over and offered to roll up my sleeves. What a guy, right? I made sure to leave a generous tip for this fellow. The restaurant started filling up a little towards the end of our dinner, so that just shows we're not the only adventurous people willing to sacrifice our safety for some seafood.
Stop in Naked Crab let me tell you this place is very good the service and food was excellent too bad I live in CA.  Next time I am in town will come back for the mushroom risotto Kobe beef that was my favorite  there was a bunch of other good food but this Kobe beef was the one that stood out the most
Have a wonderful experience at Naked Crab, love the food and special the lobster sandwich.  Affordable price for happy hours.  Will come back again.
The Uni pasta is well cooked and delicious; Crawfish is a bit on the small side but the spices are superb.  Overall a good place to go.
Dined in with familyEnvironment was very night club feel with good vibesFood raw - Raw was absolutely amazing over tons of ice and is very fresh  broil - the seasoning is amazing which makes the broil, spices might be spicy for otherssliders/steak - believe it over not the steak was the most random thing on the menu but the presentation and how they cook it 10/10sliders came in three varies a must tryoverall a great place to pregame or hang out with friends*great cocktails
Definitely isn't my first choice for seafood but it's local and their seasoning is delicious .. drinks are good (could be stronger), they come in a cute pouch with a light up ice cube. My only disappointment was my crab legs had little to no meat inside
I order the lobster roll and it was okay. Was expecting it to be phenomenal but it wasn't.   The fries and salad was good.  Doubt I'll go back
This place is awesome. Their Kumamoto oysters are so fresh. Their boils are delicious. I live a couple of blocks away from here- this is going to be my go to spot for seafood. I'm super happy I found this gem in the heart of Flushing!
Seafood are fresh. Staffs are friendly. The only downside is the sauce is little too spicy when we ordered mild. It's more like moderate spicy than mild when we received the food. Overall, would recommend this place for decent seafood.
Great place! Loved the decor, the people and drinks. The appetizer garlic noodles wasn't what we expected! They used over cooked spaghetti noodles. It was alright. Won't order again. We also ordered the calamari which came with a sweet sauce. Again Won't order again. We ordered the special for $35 person...included potatoes, corn, blue crab, sausage, mussels, clams and Shrimps. We ordered for two and it was enough for four. The Cajun sauce with garlic was good but we chose medium hot and it was too hot for some of us. We also ordered a king crab boil with the same sauce but hot. It was way too hot so next time I'll get medium! Loved that they gave each of us gloves which helped us to keep our hands clean and not smelling like seafood. The mixed drink choices were interesting. We will definitely stoping in again
My favorite seafood restaurant the fried calamari with the mango chili sauce it comes with is to die for, and I love the lobster roll the drinks are delicious the hunger games drink "khaleesi" is my fav
Purchased a coupon for this place and ordered a bunch of appetizers to share. Service was fantastic, interior had a fun vibe but the food could have been better.- Calamari: was rubbery, dipping sauce was good but I wish they gave more.- Lobster Mac and Cheese: was a bit watery and bland.- Fish and Chips: the fish they used had a VERY strong fishy flavor, not sure if it was fresh or if it was just the type of fish used but it wasn't very good. The tarter sauce that was included for dipping was salty. The fries were perfect.If I go back I'll try their signature boils next time but definitely avoiding the appetizers.
Truly amazing place in Flushing! Didn't have much expectations before I went as I thought it was another gimmick restaurant, glad it proved me wrong!  We were a party of 10 and went on a Sunday night. The restaurant is not packed but did fill about 80% of the tables. We were seated in the middle of the restaurant and still feel pretty comfortable and not too noisy. The food is tasty! The duck confit salad, baked clams/oysters, black truffle pasta and the bags of various seafood. Oh almost forgot the crawfish - I can't  handle spicy food too well and the restaurant was able to tone down on the spicy and made it perfect for me. The desserts are amazing! The coconut pudding is excellent and the green tea tiramisu is perfect. But more importantly, the staffs there made the experience even better. The host Nelson is a very nice guy, he's very accommodating with my toddler special request (very kids friendly place), made honest recommendations for food. Overall cleanliness is so good that is rare to see in Flushing. Other waiters were very attentive to our needs and always made sure we have clean plates to use and took away our emptied shells. Decor is just right and made us very comfortably seated and enjoyed our food. I definitely will go back again - even if it means I need to deal with the crazy Flushing traffic!
Doesn't get better and fresher than this. I was craving cajun food the other day and didn't find anything local. My boyfriend had found this place through a yelp search and thought why not try it. It's not southern food, but that cajun seasoning on my awesome snow crab boil was insane! Took me back to New Orleans.The atmosphere is pretty calm; I like the set up. All the tools you need for the crab are already on the table. They have their specials written on the wall. The oysters are great. So many choices!I have no complaints at all with this place, I've been three times in the past month, must get back soon!
Love love love this spot. Although The Boil will always have my heart, Naked Crab has become my go-to seafood spot. I've been here more than four times since its opening and have no regrets.They have a great selection of sauces to choose from for their boils, and my personal favorite is the shebang sauce, medium spicy. Their shrimps are always fresh from my experience, so just go with that if you're not sure what to order for your first time.Also, do yourself a favor and take advantage of their Happy Hour specials (applies for any time of the day if you're sitting at the bar). Oysters are $1 and their cocktails ($6) are delicious! If you're into fruity cocktails like me, I recommend the First Love or Red Wedding. You won't regret it.Oh, and I couldn't end the review without mentioning how friendly the owner is. If you've been to Naked Crab, you probably know who I'm talking about because he's always super attentive and welcoming to the customers.
My friend did her birthday there and our bill came out to $500. The price is cheap for a sea food place but the only downside is the taste.. it doesn't taste good. The soft shell crab burger is tasteless and the calamari tasted bread crumbs only. Need more seasoning.
The best seafood in queens.. has amazing inventive style drinks ... knowledgeable staff .... perfectly cooked food def a go to place for seafood and def a place I will be back to many times more
We went at happy hour time on a Saturday. Yes they have happy hour on Saturdays too! The cocktails all tasted good with a good amount of alcohol . I ordered skyview and sweet temptation both very good. We had clams, oysters, crabs, garlic bread, uni pasta, shrimp avacado salad all was good except for shrimp avacado salad was a bit small and very little shrimp and avacado. Music was good as if I'm listening to my own playlist in my car lol.
The naked crab wasn't as bad as I expected. I came in here with low expectations due to all the previous reviews but I had a decent dinner. I enjoyed the happy hour mainly because of the drinks. I didn't order the raw oyster but I did get the wings, grilled clam and grilled oyster. TBH I didn't really like it... the sauce and garlic on top was an okay flavor but boyyyyy was it fishy. I did enjoy the fried chicken wings..I've never had anything like it. Super crunchy. The cajun fries were also pretty good. We ordered mac n cheese..which looked like it came from a kraft box...The boil was pretty good, a lot of crab legs were in it but I would suggest putting some veggies and potatoes. The scissors on the table and the roll of paper towel were super helpful.
Disappointed Valentine's Day dinner. Hubby made RSVP to the restaurant after looking at the good reviews. Restaurant was half full by the time we got there and was seated right away. We settled in and got our drinks quickly, but we had to flag down the waitress to order. After sitting and starving for 25 minutes, we tried to flag down the waitress and asked where our food is. She said "oh! we are very busy today, your food should be coming out soon." Ok, so then we got the calamari followed by the grilled corn, Uni pasta, and snow crab & shrimp boil in medium spicy Naked sauce. Calamari was on point! The best part of the meal. the breading was crispy and not oily, and the squid was tender. The sauce dip was a sweet mango mixture but the serving was so sparse - even the second we asked for.Grilled Corn - meh, I've had better. It's got a good amount of mayo, cheese, but maybe lacking in salt?Uni Pasta - only ordered this because my hubby wanted to try fresh Uni and the glowing reviews of the pasta from Yelp users. The pasta was great, and the Uni very fresh. It also came with a green paste on top that kind of turned me away. But my hubby said it was ok.The Boil - I have to say that I was disappointed with the boil. I've had some back in Las Vegas and it was the bomb. This place did not live up to that first taste. We had the medium spicy Naked sauce, but it was really spicy with a jalapeno type spice. I was expecting more of a galic-y spice. It came with potatoes and corn - which was not mentioned in the menu and thus the reason why we ordered the grilled corn and we were left with so much corn after this.Soda - beware, the soda is like a 6oz glass bottle size for $3. Not worth it.Then getting the check, omg, we just wanted to run already...there was only about 2-3 waitresses serving the now packed restaurant - about 80 people. I flagged down the hostess and told her we have a groupon and want the check. She said we can't use it. I told her we told the waitress before said to do it at the end. The hostess said, "oh" and left and never came back. We flagged down another lady - probably a server - who told us to wait for our waitress. We finally flagged down our waitress and it took another 10 minutes to settle our bill. The table next to us got their food (and they ordered a ton of food) and was out way before us!!!! The owner/manager - whoever wrote about how great he is....never saw him. I am disappointed in the lack of servers on a holiday.Will I go back? I'll never say never, but I don't think I will crave this joint anytime soon.Oh, and there is a couple of parking spots out in front of the restaurant. Call ahead and ask if there are spots. Otherwise, you can pay to park at Skyview Mall across the street.
First time here and it was a beautiful experience. I went with a $30 off Groupon last Sunday accompanied by a friend and didn't know what to expect. Our server Jasmine helped us with the drink choices and food as well. She kept checking on us to make sure we were comfortable. We had the Cajun wings and fries for appetizers. For the entree, I had the lobster and clam combo (Cajun spicy) and my friend had 2 orders of king crab legs and a lb of shrimp. Both orders came with 1/4 corn on the cob and a potato. I love the Cajun spice used for the combos. It wasn't too spicy or too salty. It was just right for my taste buds and I would definitely return again with or without a Groupon.
Was seated at a table right away, waitress was friendly and polite. When it came to the food, it's wasn't what I expected. Mussels tasted as if they just caught it, had the gritty taste of sand. The crabs didn't have any flavor. Only thing that actually tasted great was the chicken wings! Even their drinks .
I really enjoyed the food here...until I found a golf ball sized spider in the crawfish boil. The owners were extremely apologetic and even comped our entire meal. They were very professional and assured us they would educate their staff to be more careful when cleaning the crawfish. This was a birthday lunch for me from my mom so they even brought out a complimentary creme brulee (which was delicious) with a giant flaming candle. Onto the food. EVERYTHING was amazing. We ordered the happy hour $1 raw oysters, grilled oysters, and wings. We also got the uni pasta, 2lbs of snow crab, and 1lb of crawfish. That uni pasta though. Oh em gee. I've been dreaming about it ever since. It was perfectly al dente with large, fresh pieces of uni, and topped off with this crab egg heaven. Droooool! The crawfish was surprisingly fresh too. Not overcooked and super juicy. Unfortunately, I only ate 3 before the spidey. The crab legs were a good meaty size too. We weren't really crazy about the sauces, but I'm not a big fan of Cajun seasoning, and everything is smothered in it for the boils no matter which sauce you choose. It's premade so you can't request it without. The atmosphere is modern and fun. I'll definitely be back for that uni pasta!
this place is good like american style table and bar stuff and was ok but not thats fresh as i though i order lobster doesnt taste so great for me like they use dead lobster but service is great keep going
Came here for an event. The fare was mainly fried things - calamari, fries, shrimp balls, fish, etc. There was also salad and some base drinks like OJ. Overall, I liked the feel of the place - the wood is a nice touch - and the decor is interesting. The food was pretty tasty as well, my favourite being the shrimp balls with cheddar.
Latest in Cajun style seafood in Queens.  The combos are a good deal with Alaskan crab, shrimp with head on, Potatoes and corn inclined.  Lemon pepper and garlic butter sauces and the spicy level  could be varied.Garlic bread was good. The Brussels sprouts were tasty with the fatty bacon. Offered non seafood items like sliders, chicken wings and burger.  This is helpful for any non seafood lovers in the group.  Casual booths and tables, also bar with flat screens, and loud music. Drafty whenever someone enters from the main door.
It was just ok.  Good service, not good food.  $8 for a 1/2 glass of red wine, poured in a white wine glass.  My wine drinkers know what I'm saying...wouldn't go back.  The Boil is where I'm at!
Amazing experience! I came here with a friend at 4pm right when they opened on a Monday. I love the interior of the restaurant; very spacious and inviting. There is also a nice bar in the restaurant. I didn't catch the bartenders name, but she was so so so nice and helpful. We sat at the bar because we wanted to take advantage of the $1 wings and $6 drinks. For the drinks, we got the Red Wedding and the Red Sangria. The food was amazing, and super fresh. For the appetizers, we ordered (and will recommend) the mac and cheese with lobster ($6 extra) and the calamari (the sauce it came with was a sweet and sour sauce and it pairs perfectly) We then ordered the pound of shrimp and crabs with the Naked sauce which was recommended to us (a blend of all the sauces together) We definitely enjoyed the shrimp and the crabs..they were delish and plus we love seafood! It also came with a big piece of potato and a little piece of corn. (You can also order extra) This place is comparable to The Boil, but the customer service was so on point that I recommend this place to everyone!
I LOVED This place. I came two nights in a row for Happy Hour. Who doesn't love dollar blue point oysters. The service was great and the menu was even better. I had the mac & cheese which was amazing....along with the Romanesco Cauliflower. The next night I had the crab boil. It was very good just missing some crusty bread to get all that good sauce!
A flushing gem. As we entered with a party of five on a Wednesday night, the environment was warm and the waiters and waitresses were very welcoming. We got fresh oysters and clams, fish and chips, and fried calamari to start, and the snow crab combo with shrimp covered in the "naked special sauce." The naked sauce is a must! It basically consisted of Cajun, garlic butter, and lemon pepper and it was to die for! The oysters were extremely fresh and the fish & chips were crispy and melts in your mouth. Considering this place is similar to The Boil in Chinatown, it's convenient to open one like it in flushing. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family. However, this place is currently cash only just like a lot of places in flushing but there's a chase atm down the block. So come prepared!
Service is always on point, especially ask for phyllis, super sweet girl. The bartender Dora makes the best drinks, you can ask for extra strong and she can still make it taste so good it just creeps up.
Tasty spicy delicious, staff is great very attentive and friendly
Decent seafood place among the likes of Boiling Crab, O Crab, The Boil, etc. Even though we ordered two boils, the best dish (by far) was surprisingly the duck salad, consisting of arugula with light dressing, and several slices of really tender, flavorful duck. It was a hard dish to follow, but even so the boils were much more underwhelming. We got the Dungeness crab with crayfish and the lobster with clams with medium spice, and it was nice but nothing crazy good.
Came here with my family, everything we wanted to try apparently was sold out the day before. They have the happy Hour menu on the wall...only to find nothing was available. We ended up just ordering Boil seafood. The Cajun sauce was just way too salty, the pepper lemon was spicy...the only good one was pretty Gaelic butter sauce....I also ordered the strawberry mint lemonade and that was BIG Disappointment. DO NOt ORDER it, it was the worse drink I had tried in my life, I had about 2 sips and left the whole drink there, it gave me a HUGE headache afterwards. At the end of the night, my husband and I ended up in the bathroom...don't think we will ever come back. I would suggest going to Claw Daddy's in the city, the food is WAY better.
Came to eat here with a friend on afternoon. The restaurant had a nice atmosphere. There was one one other occupied table when we sat down to eat. We ordered the cajun boils and they were not tasty. The sauce just kind of sits out side of the seafood, leaving the seafood tasteless. The sauce mix needs some adjustments! You can see the oil and sauce separating, it does not have an appetizing appeal. The waiter failed to tell us our groupon can't be used if we ordered anything off the happy hour menu. So I just had my groupon expire because I do not plan on eating here again. For oyster lovers, they do have $1 oysters during happy hour!
Dirty practises, dirty management and dirty food. They have a mandatory 18% tip charge which is an oxymoron. The management obviously is pocketing the cash and not reporting the taxes but most importantly, the sand in the food was extreme tonight. Was good place before, lost it's touch, they just don't care anymore.
Second time here enjoying happy hour, cocktails, fried calamari, $1 Bluepoint oysters, grill oysters and clams,  everything so good. The environment,  music it all makes it comfortable. Parking is the only problem.
Made a reservation for 5 people without a problem. Appetizers are okay and service is friendly. HOWEVER, they ran out of snow crab legs!!! How does a seafood place that specializes in boil-type seafood run out of snow crab?!?! Had to go with the king crab instead - wasn't very good and much more expensive. Might give it another try since they have uni pasta that i'm intrigued by, but seriously disappointing first time.
Overall the seafood is fresh but pricy. Avoid all kinds of  sashimi. We had a lobster sashimi and an abalone sashimi. Both are in a small portion. I can finish the abalone with just one bite. The Cajun seafood is much better. The price is reasonable. The service is also very good. Next time, I will only order the Cajun seafood.
The ambience is a cool, fun chill vibe. The prices are very reasonable. I ordered a snow crab boil...which I was apprehensive about because snow crab legs are usually very lackluster. However I was pleasantly surprised with how satisfied I was with my choice. I had more than enough crab legs in the bag (I barely finished them). The cocktails were every good as well. And the wait staff was professional as well.
Fresh seafood and great service! Definitely a place to visit if you want some seafood!!
Great selection of food even if you aren't planning to eat seafood. You can get down and dirty with the gloves and bibs to crack open your crab legs or peel your shrimp OR you can have a nice dainty meal of pasta or steak. it was cool to see a mix of both in the same restaurant. 6 of us girls ordered 9lbs of seafood broil in total. We had 3lbs of snow crab legs, 3lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of clams, and 1 lb of mussels. We did try the cajun sauce and the lemon pepper but the two didn't taste really different. The medium spicy isn't spicy at all so if you go higher if you'd like. The seafood was great overall and I'l be bringing friends/parents back! The only thing that annoyed us a bit was the music that was a bit too loud. With a full house and so many people talking, it was already hard to hear each other and the music didn't help.
Best boil in Queens. The Koleesi drink was very nice. On the sweet side but light and fruity. I had the grilled clam appetizer and the lobster and shrimp boil in medium naked sauce. The medium was just hot enough to make your nose run so if you like a little spice don't go any further then this. The clams were a. It salty I believe it was the cheese on top but they were still very tasty. The naked sauce was very tasty and not too oily. The seafood taste fresh not frozen. It's also very conveniently located ext to a lot of transportation
The food and drinks were absolutely the best. I would definitely recommend this place.
This place is really good one of my favorite places to eat pasta.Amazing! I will visit again next time I'm in the flushing .
I came for the oyster happy hour though I eventually got suckered in to try a few things. The raw oysters were pretty good but lacked variety. Some were shucked a bit poorly and had a lot of shell and grit which was unpleasant. The grilled oysters I did not like as much and were also more expensive. The garlic they used wasn't cooked enough so there was a heavy flavor with a hint of sourness. The uni pasta was far better than I anticipated with a robust richness and well cooked pasta. The boil however I thought was weak. The flavors did not steep into the seafood and it was almost bland. I would not recommend this.
Love this place!great  service , tasty drinks, this restaurant  not only have boils but aslo they have very good entrees 。like rack of lamb, steak, squik ink pasta  and grilled  lobster  with cheese  on it, all taste delicious. For the boil garlic  butter and shabang are my favorite  flavors, cant wait to try more stuff!
Came here the first time cause of all the positive reviews. The grill oysters for happy hr was really good. But that's about it. My bf and I got 2 lbs shrimp and 1 lb snow crab with the naked sauce. The naked sauce in my opinion isn't as good the boil sauce. If the sauces were rated on the scale of 1-10; the boil being 10 then naked crab is 3 The snow crab was unusually tough. I've been to similar locations and none of them were like this. Something was definitely wrong with the snow crab. I will not be back.
Second time weve been here. First time was actually a good visit, im reviewing for the second one. Walked in with my girlfriend, theres very few people in the restaurant for late dinner. Took us about 5-10 mins to order upon sitting down due to deciding if i should get crawfish on the snow crab combo or shrimp, thought id try to crawfish. Also ordered a pound of shrimp and a side of cajun fries and rice bowl.  Placed our order now the waiting game begins. A big group of people came in and a couple of guests on different parties, a couple sat down at the bar as well and some guests on tables have left. We were served cajun fries, the only reason i gave the review one extra star. Eventually while eating and finishing the fries while waiting for our seafood, we notice most of the tables that have sat down after us are getting their orders one by one including the big party. Clearly our order was de-prioritized. We waited on...its been 35 minutes. I told my girlfirend i wanted to leave but she said give it 5 more minutes. Luckily(or not) the food came 3 minutes later. Ive almost lost my appetite but might as well since we were there. We ordered cajun mild on both the shrimp and the snow crab combo. Shrimp sauce was ok, shrimp seemed overcooked where its shells were hard to separate from the meat. On the snowcrab combo, the sauce had a good cajun kick to it but very salty let alone the crabmeat itself was salty as well. We also ordered a rice bowl and this was either last night rice or someone dont know how to cook rice because it was very hard and dry. Not the even a mediocre dinner unfortunately since we had a good first visit and mostly ruined by the almost 40 minute wait. I doubt ill be back in this location since Hot n Juicy crawfish is opening up soon around the neighborhood.
Very similar to the boil in Chinatown. Convenient for people in flushing to go too. I ordered raw oysters which was a little small for blue point, wings was pretty good, uni pasta, and a seafood platter Cajun flavor which both were good
We chose this restaurant to be our company thanksgiving party place. We arrived at around 6:40pm and we ordered like 3 runs raw/grilled oysters, clams, chicken wings for happy hour price, which is really cheap and food tastes good as well. especially the grilled oyster. We also ordered lobster combo with shrimps and corns on the side. I chose naked crab sauce I think other sauce will be better. Their mushroom cream soup is soso. Recommend to sit at the bar so you can enjoy the happy hour all night!
A group of guys went here on a Saturday afternoon for some fresh raw oysters as well as other samplings.  We got there and it was happy hour so the blue points were $1 each!   We also got the grilled clams and individual entrees.The food was fresh, the entree sizes were a bit on the small size, but none of the guys complained.  I had the lobster roll and was pleasantly surprised it wasn't made with mayo!  It was fresh and tasty!I found a new spot close to my church whenever I am in need of oysters!
I had the cajun fries, snow crab and shrimp with the naked sauce which is anything but naked. Its a combination of the garlic butter, lemon pepper and something else. It was a little over whelming for seafood. Next time I'll stick to something simpler. The snow crab was very good and sweet. The shrimp was ok but pretty big in size. Each seafood bag comes with corn and potato. They do have happy hour special and available even on holidays. So glad I was able to try it.
Place is welcoming and industrial in design. My party ordered Brussels sprouts, snow crab legs Mac and cheese with lobster and clams. I didn't like the clams much too fishy for my taste,but my friend loved them. I loved everything else. We both had Shabang sauce in our crab leg shrimp combo,which consist of lemon butter cilantro and siracha. Now we a full content and no longer Hangry!
Not too bad for a place in Flushing.  The happy hour specials were worth the price.  The baked clams were really good. If you check in with yelp you get wine.  We ordered some of the boil stuff.  The shrimp is good.  The clams was not worth it because the shell is adding mostly to the weight.  Uni pasta and garlic pasta is just ok.  Overall experience is not bad.  Things are pretty good.
Ordered food from here off of UberEats. After discovering they sold lobster rolls, we prolonged our hunger and waited until they opened. Ordered a lobster roll, shrimp and avocado salad, cajun wings and cajun fries. It took a nice amount of time to come but the order was correct when it finally arrived. Everything was delicious, although the lobster roll was quite small and I was happy I had ordered a salad as well so I wouldn't be hungry afterwards. I think for $17 the lobster roll could be a tad bit bigger and come with a few more fries.
Happy hour is totally worth it. The oysters were fresh and the grilled oysters and clams were great. The chicken wings were crispy and were fried in a nice batter. Also had the uni pasta which was ok, a little overpriced considering the area and didn't come out hot but not bad. Didn't try the boil but people who had it seemed to enjoy it. Will try that next time.
NEVER COMING BACK AGAIN. I had a really bad stomachache that very same night after dinner and I started vomiting. Well oh well, turns out I had food poisoning. I knew I had to stop eating after I ate a few pieces of oysters and it wasn't fresh. Maybe it was the oysters or shrimp. Who knows but I am never coming back again.
Biggest waste of time and money. It was pretty priced up for the quality of the food. I would have no problem paying for it if I had enjoyed my meal but this was one of the worst attempt at southern food I have ever seen. The seafood while seems fresh, still had a stanky sea water smell to it, absolutely disgusting. The squid ink pasta.... horrible. The coveted boiled seafood was decent but nothing to write home about. If you want better food, go to the boil.After leaving, believe it or not, we went to another place to get more food. This was entirely because the quality of the food was so subpar that we did not want to order more food. Closing remarks,Avoid if possible.
It is really so-so! We were there for the happy hours. We (2 adult and 1 kid) ordered a dozen raw oysters, 2 dozen grilled oysters , chicken wings and 2 cocktails. The raw oyster is so small! I am a petit, usually a dozen raw oyster will make me full, but not at here! The grilled oysters for my husband are also very small! The chicken wings is nothing special! And the cocktails are like juice! We spent around 100 dollars there, but nobody is full or feel satisfied......we have to go to another restaurant .......so don't recommend this place!
this perfect resturant to have dinner with friends and family very differens with other s.
I am eating now, can't wait to give a review. It is an amazing seafood restaurants. They put food in the bag. You can use your hand to catch what you want. I have been search such restaurant for a long time. Finally, I find If they have more selections, I will definitely come here every week.
Definitely going back in the future.  Parked at sky-view mall parking, then walk through the mall. I went close to closing time on a weekday, so it wasn't very busy.  The waiting staff were nice and attentive. Loved the Mac and Cheese with lobster.  Must walk up for their happy hour one day.
Tasty food but way overpriced for small portions. The waiter was excellent and I liked the atmosphere. We ordered the lobsters & shrimp combo boil with garlic butter sauce and added a pound of snow crab . Excellent sauce with  great flavor , also had the squid ink pasta which was ok nothing special . The grilled oysters were very tasty as our appetizer. I walked out still hungry for what I paid . I might go back for the happy hour specials .
An absolutely great experience and service! Not only that but the food is beyond amazing! Chicken Wings were perfect along with the calamaris and to top it off the seafood boils were PERFECT!!! The seasoning was finger licking good!I will definitely be back and recommend Naked Crab to anyone looking for a different experience to dine.Make sure you order their cocktails! Especially their "In The Nude" cocktail, Dora does an amazing job making them.
After a failed attempt to enjoy festivities at the Long Island Oyster Festival, my family and I Yelped this location and decided to check it out. We came on Saturday around 3PM for a party of six, we stayed for about 3 hours and there was only one other table the entire time.- 3 Dozen Raw Oysters for Happy Hours ($1 each) - Fresh, great price and quality, would definitely order this again. Don't forget to ask for horseradish if you're into it.- 1 Dozen Grilled Oysters for Happy Hours ($1.50 each) - Great price, nothing compared to New Orleans, but I would definitely order this again. It is great if you like butter, garlic and parmesan cheese.- 6 Fried Cajun Chicken Wings for Happy Hour ($1 each) - Decent price and size though I did not really taste the Cajun. Liked the batter though.- 1 Uni Pasta ($28) - Loved it, wouldn't really order it again for that price but worth the try - 2 Foie Gras ($20) - Delicious, would order this again - 2 lbs Seafood Boil (Shrimp & Clams) - Seasoning was on point, wouldn't normally order this in a restaurant though but if you're into this its definitely worth the try!- 1 Branzino ($24) - Great crisp on the skin, a little expensive for the protion imo- 1 Avocado Shrimp Salad ($8) - The apple vinaigrette was delicious!  I'd order this again because of it. - Creme brulee - Cute presentation, haven't seen creme brulee presented that way before. Probably because the burnt surface area (which is the best part) is less than the total custard. Good flavor though.Service was great, but again we were 1 out of 2 tables for about 3 hours.  I'm surprised to see a place like this in Flushing. Though the parking is rough, I'd definitely return since The Boil is a little inconvenient to get to. If you're looking to save your wallet I do not recommend this place. If you're used to city prices and can't make it out to The Boil this is a great place to go to. Don't forget to bring cash (10% off).
Great food and great service! Like the lamb chop and coconut pudding. Came in with 7 people and the owner Nelson kept us entertained all the time.
This place has a great happy hour so get there early to enjoy it.  I particular like drink  "In the nude" it was delicious.  The appetizers were so good you almost don't need to order entrees.  I said almost!  Jasmine our waitress was awesome.  Great to talk to and crack jokes with.  I would definitely go back.
The place is soso, the food is not that good. We ordered Cajun wings; but they gave us all drumsticks. I don't know if they did that intentionally because we use a Groupon voucher? The table next to us got the wings. Also the drumsticks are over fried; hard like a rock. Very very disappointing experience. Will not return again!!!
Ambiance: Good music, very relaxed environment. The tables are clean and the decor is cute.Service: 10/10- attentive staff, the wait was not long at all.I had two drinks: the sky blue cocktail and a lime mojito. The sky blue cocktail was really good- it tastes just like a lychee drink with a hint of vodka. I had the oysters, clams, avocado/shrimp salad, duck liver, crab legs, squid, etc. all of the seafood was fresh and tasty. The sauces provided were also flavorful. Everything was filling- the meat was crispy and tender as well. Overall it was a great experience. My stomach was very happy :^)
This place is nice and the food was not bad. Their garlic noodle is good. Their garlic bread is also good. However,their butter and garlic sauce in the combos don't really taste like butter and garlic. Their cocktails are ok. The raw tower is very fresh!
Food and staff were great!! Will definitely come back for more... in fact, maybe today! Lol. Also, this place reminds me of Claw Daddy in the city, which is another great seafood restaurant!!
The lobster/crab rolls and fried calamari/Cajun wings I recommend. Great service and we also received complimentary oysters!Pricier than the average menu, but you get what you pay for. They also have a full bar with flatscreen TVs. Great decor as well. Check it out!
We were seated right away on a Friday night. The place is good for groups. What was supposed to be a date night turned into a family dinner outing. The general seating area can be a little loud- but the ambience was nice and welcoming. The FOOD- Fried Calamari, Grilled Corn, Fresh clams, and Cajun wings. Not a big fan of fried foods but clams were a big hit. The sauce that came with the calamari was delish. Grilled Corn was Mexican style with the butter and cheese. We had 2.  Entree- Uni Pasta- For those who like Uni- I hear this is your go to. We had a few Uni lovers and the Loved the pasta. Boils- My boyfriend and I shared a boil combo together of mild Cajun seasoning. It still had a kick to it. Some ordered the garlic butter mild with their combo and thought it was still a bit spicy. Each boil comes with a corn and half a potato in the seasoning. Dessert- Green Tea Tiramisu, Cafe Creme Brûlée and I think it was Strawberry Shortcake-Not a big fan of matcha powder sprinkled on my cake but it did have a strong green tea flavor. Creme Brûlée was rich and the Strawberry Shortcake was everyone's favorite because of the small bits in the flavorful strawberry ice cream. Nelson was polite and entertaining during our visit and we look forward to going again for some good seafood boils.
I despise establishments that have their friends post fake 5 star reviews to lure people in and I'm suspecting all these 5 star reviews are not all that genuine. Good restaurants are supposed to catch attention through real word of mouth. The food is supposed to do most of the talking! Within the Asian community, if a restaurant is good the crowd will automatically follow. Because in Asian culture food is king and if its good we will line up for it in hordes. As a matter of fact, Asians (predominantly Chinese folks) will line up just for the sake of lining up if they see a line; this is even before they know what the hell they are lining up for. Unfortunately of all my friends who tried Naked Crab none have recommended this place when it was brought up.   However even with a lack of praise from my friends I still decided to give them a try. I am all about trying new spots in the neighborhood and I wholeheartedly want such businesses to succeed, especially when its something fresh and new. Within the past couple of years several restaurants have given the whole creole seafood thing a stab and have failed miserably. This is mainly because the owners of these joints want to open shop based solely on how successful such restaurants have proven be however they have NO FUCKING CLUE on how to make the food. The restaurant looked the part and it seems like a pretty penny was used for the construction. A rather large restaurant for Flushing, built to support a lot of diners at once but on my visit they only had 3-4 tables on a Saturday night. We were actually a bit perplexed why the place was nearly empty during its 2nd week of opening,well this was until the food came. Of all the things we had that night, the best tasting were the Cajun wings and the garlic bread. Their Cajun/house sauce was flavorless and soulless... just tasted like peppered salty water mixed in old bay. Moreover they didn't have a few things on the menu with one being CRAWFISH.-Fail! For the Cajun boil we ordered the snow crab combo which consisted of snow crab, clams, shrimp and king crab which we added since they didn't have crawfish.. The seafood was very low grade, the king crab legs were tiny, mushy and super salty, the snow crabs were also very salty while the shrimp and clams were overcooked and rubbery. The potato and the corn did not absorb any of the flavors of the boil either. Most of the ingredients put into the boil were previously frozen and the flavor profiles of broth did not mask the "previously frozen" taste very well. The spices used seemed very low grade and tinny, think large format cafeteria grade spices. Seems like they spent all the money into building the restaurant but sloppily slapped the menu together and hired any random chef to make the food. The servers were very attentive and polite, I felt their enthusiasm and hopeful energy. Towards the end of dinner we were even offered a free round of drinks on the house which was a very nice gesture. They also have happy hour for drinks, dollars wings and oysters which is cool. Unfortunately as I previously mentioned I got the impression that the owners are simply trying to cash in on the southern craw-fish craze that started in Louisiana then migrated to Cali while having no clue how it's made. In Cali I've had some of the best damn crawfish in my life from a spot called Boiling crab. Currently the only half decent offering of this creole style seafood can be found at The Boil in Manhattan. Based on our experience, Naked Crab fell so short I wouldn't recommend it. This is why the folks down south who have been making these boils for years guard their recipes for dear life. Such recipes as they are passed down from generation to generation as family secrets. Naked crab like so many others got this all wrong, restaurants of this type succeed because the people who made such food have been doing so for their family and friends for years and most likely had their friends and family encourage them to open shop. After my visit here I would really suggest that if they are to succeed, they really need to rethink the formulas and recipes of the boils. First impressions are key at any restaurant and this was a huge disappointment.
We found our new Cajun seafood boil place! Great happy hour specials (3-7pm or all day at the bar). $6 cocktails, $5 beer and wine, $1 oysters and $1.50 grilled oysters. We ordered a dozen of the raw oysters and they were quite large. We also ordered the snow crab combo with the whole shebang sauce. Delicious, and even at medium spicy it was not too hot. It came with two corns and potatoes, but we added sausage for $3. Prices aren't terrible, though expect to spend at least $60 for two people. Many other food options aside from seafood boil as well. Shrimp salad, pastas, soup, fries, etc. We'll be coming back!
Came here for Sunday dinner, because a few friends had recommended the spot saying that there was a new spot with great seafood. I gotta say the seafood here is extremely FRESH! We got the grilled clams (Must try), lamb chops (Tender/Amazing), raw clams/oysters *(Fresh), chicken wings/fries (Crunchy), and most importantly the seafood boil (Must GET). For our seafood boil we tried the lobster/shrimp/crab all of which were good, but I would go with the shrimp/crab for next time!I would proceed with caution if you're going to get anything with the medium spice! It has got a ton of kick to it!
Great food and great customer service. The boil platters are amazing, the happy hour oysters, cajun wings and the best part was the broiled clams- they are simply amazing! We tried all the deserts and they were great, green tea crembrulee, regular crembrulee and tartufo. The ambiance was upbeat and happy, music was great! I would recommend to sea food lovers and anyone looking to enjoy some good food w great service.
Food was awesome. Seafood was so fresh it's sweet to the taste. Definitely try the raw oysters and clams, followed by smoked salmon arugula salad, then the seafood broil, Alaskan king crab legs, snow crab and shrimp. Finally top off with the uni pasta.  If you have a sweet tooth, try the homemade creme brulee. Will be back soon.
The raw oyster and clams are very clean and fresh and the uni pasta was fantastic. But, I would stray away from the garlic and butter flavor boiled seafood that doesn't taste like garlic butter at all. The mussels had to be sent back because it wasn't fresh and the king snow crab legs had like four bites of meat inside, not worth $38 dollars. Wouldn't be coming back.
Came to try the new place out with a group of friends on Sunday night. Maybe we came on a off day because we don't know how the place has such rave reviews. We ordered brussel sprouts, shrimp avocado salad, mushroom soups and corn as appetizers. The soup was the best part. Do not try the squid ink or uni pasta! Stench was so bad it was inedible. None of it was fresh. The boil itself was okay. Bill came out to $250 and we left the restaurant hungry. *btw- they charge for refills on soft drinks. We were charged $3 a cup for seltzer. Place was definitely not worth the trip.
The food was amazing! The service was great.. my SO and I started with 2 orders of clams which were cohoag .. they were very tender but too big for my liking! Afterwards we had a shrimp and avocado salad which was PHENOMENAL ! Absolutely delicious! I had the rack of lamb that came with Brussel sprouts, mushrooms and mashed potatoes !  my boyfriend could not keep his eyes off of my plate ! Lamb was prepared PERFECTLY (medium rare). HE had scallops that were accompanied by asparagus with mashed potatoes .. although he isn't big on asparagus he says they were cooked perfectly and they were delicious I would definitely come here again..
They did a great job with the decor at this restaurant. however let's talk about the food. My girlfriend and I ordered oysters and drinks since it was happy hour. This was the highlight of the meal. Oysters were meaty and fresh and the drinks were fine. We also ordered lobster, shrimp, crawfish, corn and potatoes for the boil. I have to say the boil was disappointing. It tasted like the ingredients were boiled in water and the tossed in the sauce. Corn and potatoes are usually my favorite part of a boil however in this case they tasted bland. The flavors did not penetrate at all. I would definitely recommend Naked Crab for their HH but not the boil. Tip For those using Groupon, HH items do not apply.
This is a first time I went to this restaurant with my friends. The servers are so nice and the food is so great. I strongly recommend the squid ink pasta, grilled lobster with cheese and the boils for Dungeness Crab, I chose the naked sauce. Also the cocktails I recommend red wedding. I really like this place.
The sauce and marinade was very lackluster. Additionally, I paid 36 dollars for one small lobster and about six clams. The service was nonexsistant yet when it came to paying tips, they had the audacity to ask for more than what I thought was appropriate. The ambiance was not what I expected. Overall, the amount of food I paid for was not up to par. I felt very disappointed and suggest that potential customers spend their money else where.
If I can give it no stars, I would.  I'm completely shock with all the recent reviews giving it rave reviews.  This place is by far the worse boil seafood restaurant I've eaten.  Let me break it down for you.Pro:1.  Ambiance2.  The non-seafood side items were more edible than the seafood (corn, cajun fries, etc)Con:1. Made reservation and when arrived I was told it's not reflected in their system.  Had to wait as if I just walked in.  Not a happy camper to start off.2.  Once seated, waited for someone to provide us menu and water.  After a while, had to ask for them.  You would think after having a bad start with a new customer, they would have comp an appetizer or a drink to show good faith in business.  But that never happened.3.  The grilled oyster is so bland.4.  My king crab boil was served 20 minutes prior to my husband lobster roll.  Isn't it quicker to make lobster roll than the boil dish?5.  The naked sauce is awful compare to The Boil's sauce.  It's watery and just taste awful6.  The most annoying part, the seafood was not fresh at all.  The crab was stuck onto the shell.  The meat does not come off easily and it tasted like rubber band.  For the same price as the other establishment, I would definitely prefer to go back to them.  Of all places I've gone between the boil, claw daddy's and cajun sea, this place is by far the worse establishment.  We will never go back to this place.  We were looking forward to going to this place as a date night, but it quickly turned south.  We would rather make the extra commute into the city for better quality and tasty food.  If you were to conduct a focus group between naked crab's food vs the other establishments, you will see the the final result study would support my reviews.
This place is AMAZING. Great service. The owner was extremely generous. Hooked me up with a free drink  would definitely come back.
I came here with my boyfriend. This restaurant is reasonable in size and definitely has potential. For some reason, big groups can't use more than one $30 off for two groupons. Not sure why they can't just split the bills and use the groupons separately. My only complaints are the portions being too small, and the quality was average for the price we paid including tip and tax. Spent about $80 for two here. 3 stars for the good staff and happy hour specials.
They're obviously trying to copy paste "the boil" in manhattan. I tried the fried chicken wing and the lobster sashimi. Terrible, $25 for like eight tiny pieces of lobster. And the the main course boil stuff I tried snow crab and shrimp. TBH the potato and the corn was good. But none of their sauce was good at all. I just can't understand why so many people give them five stars. Not that pricy after all but just don't worth it. Don't go.
first time here with my boyfriend- had mac&cheese for appetizer and ordered 1lb snow crabs with corn, potato and sausage with garlic herb seasoning. both tasted good & will deff come back again!
food was good！little expensive tho，so make sure to check Groupon before you go，cuz sometimes they have great deal there！
My overall experience at naked crab was below mediocre. This restaurant has decor that make feel like I'm at a happy hour in soho, but... food is very overpriced and waiters served scanty portions.  The Lobster boil with a small stick of corn and clams and small lobster was about $40. So not worth it. A large shrimp I can find in a Chinese supermarket down the block has more meat than the lobster in the boil. There were only about 3 clams (meatless)  in there with sad broth.  Appetizer stick of corn $3 and greasy Brussels sprouts for $7. Sad. Uni pasta $28 was a small handful of cheap pasta with a tablespoon of uni. Step up your game. Turn down the volume of the radio station so we can actually fucking order and not get the wrong dish of eggs with scallops. Rant over
Com here with my girl friend on Friday night between happy hour ,but the happy hour be come a disaster hour .... The reason I want to try this restaurant is because Groupon . However, they won't let me use it on the happy hour, Okay is fine not a big deal. Your dishes are so little small for a big Price even on the happy hour . The food tastes just so so but the portion is small. it doesn't worth the price you put on the menu. I'll never comeback again . I spent over hundred dollar for two people and walk out still hungry, I feel really disappoint.
I came here on a Monday night after for thoroughly searching for a place in queens that had a late happy hour and served oysters. I found a gem! We ordered raw oysters, baked oysters and clams, cajun wings, and lobster roll. Everything was great. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive. The drinks were good for a happy hour I must say. It also was not crowded at all which I enjoyed having enough space at the bar. I will definitely return.
The food and customer service was very good. Jasmine was attentive to my table and was very helpful. I'll definitely be coming back again and will be bringing friends. - the Hulk
No frills. Love the happy hour. I ordered 1 lb of snow crab legs and Mac and cheese with lobster. It was so good. I would come back again. Staff was friendly. Food came on time. It wasn't a ridiculous wait like at the boil. I was stuffed and happy!
Love this place to totally. Nice music. Great place to chill. Boils are so good. We got that free 1 Lb of shrimp for free. love the place. will come back again definitely.
This was my first exciting dinner experience with my friends. Yesterday we tried new sauce named Sha-Bang which is good. We want to eat again next weekend.
If you love eating with your hands, this place is for you.  The sauces are all curry based so be warned.  The baked clams and oysters are good as an appetizer. All the seafood is per pound when you order, so if you love seafood it could be quite expensive. They offer other items besides seafood, you can also have steak.
Food was very good,service was very good. Nice atmosphere. Lobster was cooked perfect. Oysters were fresh and good and cold. I will recommend this restaurant to all my friends.
Naked crab has amazing seafood and it's extremely fresh. The staff is very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. And they play great music.
Came here with my husband on a Friday night after work not knowing what to expect.I was pleasantly surprised by the experience. The service was very warm and attentive. Even the chef who concocted the sauce for our seafood boil came out to greet us at the end of the meal! The seafood was very fresh, especially taking into consideration the location of this place (Flushing, Queens) where owning a restaurant is so competitive! I was reluctant to order the raw oysters (only $1 each during happy hour) because I had a bad experience with raw oysters before at another restaurant. But after trying them here, now I realize why people love raw oysters so much--they were fresh and clean (none of that fishy taste) and just slid down my throat....so good!At the waitresses' recommendation, we ordered the Snow crab combo which came with snow crab legs, shrimp, potatoes and corn. Again, very fresh seafood and those shrimp were HUGE! You get to choose from 4 different sauces and we chose the one with butter, garlic, cilantro, and siracha. It was really good:)We also ordered cajun fries and cold mussels topped with chopped corn, onion, cliantro, and garlic. Finally, at the owner's recommendation, we tried the Uni pasta. Oh man was it good! You could tell that they put a lot of uni into the sauce, which was sooooo creamy. One bite was never enough. I took one bite and kept going back for more!There were so many other things on the menu that I wanted to try, so I'm definitely coming back!!!!
Found this jewel on yelp. The owner moved his car so we could park. All of the staff and sercice were great. Food was awesome, and my 17 year old is a picky seafood eater.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Came here to meet a group of friends and also had my toddler with me. My waitress was super helpful with making sure my kid was comfortable. I had the garlic noodles. AMAZING! Had the snob crab boil with the 3 sauces mixture on the side and it was soooooo good. I had the grilled oysters which were delicious. Tried a chicken wing, which was good but the little one stole it from me and ate it herself. Drinks were potent and personally delivered to the table by the owner.
I love this restaurant . The food is excellent  with 5 different sauces you can choose from . And the service is great with a friendly atmosphere  .
Staff is great! Food and drinks are worth the trip. Good atmosphere to relax and talk.
Saw this place on a whim, and decided to check it out. Excellent! Has a seafood southern style with Asian influence. Oysters were great (very fresh) and the crab cigars was a really cool take on an egg roll but filled with crab meat (delicious!)
Super fresh seafood !! The uni pasta is a amazing!!! The foie gras is delicious!!! The raw oyster melts in your mouth.  I give 10 stars to this place.  Definitely recommend this place to seafood lovers. I can't wait to go back and try the lamb and steak. The drinks was good as well.
Very good food.  The staff are friendly and it's nice to go here for lunch. Cheap and cheerful but bad parking.
Staying at the Parc Hotel, came in for appetizers and drinks. Very good calamari and shrimp -avocado salad. Very nice staff , very accommodating and personable. Really enjoyed the atmosphere in this restaurant, would definitely come back to have dinner if we had the time!
The service was extremely bad. The waitress who served us was too impolite. I have so much complain to say but doesn't even bother to type a word for this restaurant.
First time here, we've ordered hh 1 1/2 dz raw oyster, hh grilled oyster, 1/2 dz raw clams, bone marrow, lobster roll, foie gras and lobster combo. Overall food is pretty good but the lobster  roll and lobster combo kinda dragged down the rating so I gave a 3star. Raw oyster and clam are fresh so that's a plus but 3 out of a dozen you will happen to find cracked shells or sands in it(or maybe I am the lucky one)! Grilled oyster and bone marrow tasty. Foie gras $20 for the size of the foie gras is reasonable but too bland. The lobster roll pretty disappointed, the meat texture like frozen lobster meat bland as well and if I am paying $19.5 for it I am expecting at least decent meat not frozen! I've had lobster rolls at many place and I can say the lobster roll here is not acceptable. The lobster combo $35 we ordered garlic with butter, too much sauce and basically covered up all the seafood taste(also being said the lobster might not be fresh) lobster less than a lb and with just  7-8shrimp  1 potatoe 1 corn not sure if it's worth that price. The services is fairly good. Will I return? Most likely No.
Service was great, and since it wasnt too busy, they offered the $35/person special for me and my mom. The special included almost everything, garlic bread, snow crab legs, shrimp, clam, mussels, sausage, corn and potato. The garlic butter and cajun sauce was not bad but maybe because they simply threw the food onto the wax paper on the table in front of us, it made it kind of cold in a short period of time.  I was expecting it to be contained in those clear plastic bags that I saw other tables had but it was different in our case.  Overall, the food and service was not bad but I would prefer to go back to The Boil instead.
Took our nephew and his girlfriend here during their NYC visit as they wanted to try some east coast oysters. We ordered the Sampler and it did not disappoint! The snow crab boil and the lobster boil were tasty too!  We ordered all the flavors but the lemon and pepper, medium spicy and less spicy. I prefer the medium spicy. We ordered the sliders and I loved the fried oyster one. I think I'll order some fried oysters the next time I'm there. The place was decorated so that it felt like we were by the docks and they were catching our meal nearby!
Good Food, Big Portions And Great Service!!! The Music Is Poppin And The Happy Hour Is The Best!
excellent place,  went today for the first time,  and i have to say i was impressed with the quality of the food,  took advantage of the "happy Hour"  promo, from 3 pm to 7pm, and had a dozen oysters for a $1 each 6 grilled clams for $1.50 and 3 cajum wing for $1.00 each,  everything was delicious,  the service was awesome,  always attentive,  asked for my wings to be "not spicy"  and the cheff was able to accomodate to our desire,  since the wings have cajun sauce over it,  definitely recommended,  will come back soon.
One star for crappy management! We had a 30 dollar off the bill Groupon (spent 18 so basically they lose 12 bucks) I told the waitress I had a Groupon she said we can't use it for happy hour so we thought that's fine cause we ordered happy hour items and 4 boiled items and the umi pasta so the bill came out to 250 bucks they wouldn't let us use the Groupon cause we bought a couple of happy hour items so it was either choose happy hour price (which deducted only 15 bucks off the bill) or choose Groupon and we kept saying waitress said this and the management kept saying you can't combine cause we lose money THEN DONT DO A GROUPON AND HAPPY HOUR he made us so upset especially because our bill was 250 after speaking to waitress he finally took it off cause she said it was miscommunication but he doesn't realize because he was so concerned of losing (12 bucks really not 30) off a 250 dollar bill that he would lose customers FOREVER and now we will never go back cause too bad we did enjoy it.  It's common sense please the customer because we would have been so appreciative and want to go back and spend another 250 bucks without a Groupon. Good job CHEAP jerk
I went there with my 2 yr old toddler and husband. Husband was not impressed with the food. I was ok. Service wasn't that great, maybe our server was new? But it took a while to acknowledge us after we got seated. Fried calamari sauce is definitely more Asian style based. My husband was expecting more Italian style. The dip was a sweet and sour sauce. I got some sausages, which looks like they were slivered from some kielbasa I can get whole from the supermarket for $3.29 and i was charged $3. I went there for the raw bar - clams hit the spot and was quite fresh. Squid ink pasta was alright. It more like squid ink sauce instead of the pasta itself that's black. Seafood is definitely fresh. But i wouldn't call this place family friendly. This is right by Skyview, so I guess they're trying to make it fancy. But I wouldn't go out of my way to return for the price I paid and not much choices for my 2 yr old.
Love love the garlic noodles!! Love the chicken!! Love the steak!! Love the corn!! Love the deserts !! Love the drinks especially "love affair", its great for the weather. The restaurant is cozy and everyone has great vibes. Lets just say you do not have to eat seafood to come to Naked Crab and love it. My new favorite spot.
Rack of lamb, duck breast, lobster roll, and Cajun boils are all delicious! Parking is easy! Definitely come back!
Great service, great food. Such a great market for the supply and demand in the best location. I see great success in the future. Drove from New Jersey to try this restaurant. Can't wait to come back!
This review is a focus on their AYCE, which is Monday through Thursday. But they are super crowded on the weekend even without their all you can eat menu selection. Because I've only had non-AYCE here once... on the weekend and it was full house... from waiting, bar, to dining.... I've been here multiple times and experienced the before and after price hike...and still worth it! Still love it! From their service to their food and drinks...just good vibes all around.They have a very friendly and outgoing crew for staff on the floor. And I've had the pleasure of meeting and speaking with their managers as well: Koyo, Kay, and general manager Charles as well. Any problems, they resolved it with a smile, they visited the table every visit and would converse and welcome feedbacks and suggestions, just great experiences every time. Highly recommended!!Example:At about 7:40pm on a Monday... The estimated wait time was an hour and thirty minutes when we spoke with the host. However, we were seated at about 8:25PM.832pm finished placing our food order with Jackie and by 842pm about half the food is on the table, with the drinks. (Highly recommend Jackie as a server as well, because he brought us everything ordered, nothing was missing or forgotten.) Food: some meat selections on the AYCE menu is sliced so thin it's better for shabu shabu than BBQ, because it sticks on the grill and tears apart :(FYI: *Only four meat orders can be placed at a time.*Happy hour all day at the bar only...Otherwise, after 9pm from the dinner table.*Make your reservations asap...because Same day reservations cant be taken within two hours. (Unless they aren't busy at all...which doesnt really happen...always popular, therefore busy!) And they only take two large parties on the weekends.*They accept up to four credit cards per table, so large groups get cash ready!!* Manhattan location near time sq. had some drink options not available at this location.* Get their app before you go, esp. if you are a new user....give it over 5 hours prior to be safe and you'll get a $10 off $30 offer. And you get to collect points every time you dine, just remember to ask them to split the receipts so everyone can get their own points for their account - Each receipt can only be scanned once for points. * They don't have wifi but you can use the wifi from starbucks across the street. *Most of their tables seats four people, even if you're dining alone, you'll get a big comfortable table all to yourself. ( First come first serve !)
Waiters are extremely nice. They have alot of combo deals and their proteins are marinated very nicely. Usually when you order, they'll arrange it from the cheaper cut to expensive cut. They recommend where to cook your food, whether it should be on the outer edges or the center so they are very informative. They have happy hour cocktails and drinks and they change out the iron grill pretty often! Overall, a nice experience, can get pricey depending on the cuts of meat you get but that's up to your own discretion. Cheers!
Four of us came for Sunday lunch. We ordered the Samurai package and supplement it with additional pork and vegetable dishes.   It was really very tasty. All the meat was tender and well seasoned. i also like their sauces at the table.  They give you a sheet to show you how to grill each meat and the minutes, etc.  Certain dish they will grill for you and certain you have to do on your own. I prefer they do it all because i like to focus on eating :-)  In all, it was very good and i would like to come back for their AYCE.  The course ends with Smors which you grill the marshmallow on your own...nice touch.Also, although there is no exhaust, the smoke was not terrible and doesn't get into your hair/clothes.  The ambiance of restaurant is cozy and comfy.And typical of traditional japanese restaurants, expect a nice greeting of Irasshaimase! from the staff.(i rounded up) but 1/2 star off for not being able to understand our waitress. very heavy accent.
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate Valentines day a day early since both of us were busy on the actual holiday. When we arrived (Tuesday at 6pm), the restaurant was pretty empty, so we were seated right away. Our server, Victor, was super helpful and guided us through the menu, as it was both of our first time. We ended up choosing the Ultimate, which was the AYCE option for $45 per person. We asked what he recommended and got them all!Out of everything we ordered, I definitely recommend these items:- Harami Miso Skirt Steak- Beef Tongue- Filet Mignon Ponzu- Bone-in Kalbi- Spicy Tuna Volcano- S'mores and ice cream :) Every time a dish came out, we were informed how long to cook each meat. The servers were constantly changing the plate on the grill, which was nice. Overall, the service and food was A++. We got lucky because by the time we left, there were a bunch of people waiting in the waiting area. It gets a little loud during prime time but I would definitely recommend. Make sure to come hungry because you'll leave with a food baby
So we are back. This was a greater disappointment than last time. We have been to Gyu-Kaku many times and in different spots, including Hawaii, but this was the first time we were given frozen beef. Like the pieces were frozen together. We let our server know and she brought out a new plate. When the manager came over I told her about it and when I checked the new beef that was frozen as well, what is going on?!!!  Ok so not only was it frozen but it did t taste the same. This location is very different than the others. won't be back, even though it's a shorter drive and cheaper parking  manhattan we will go.
The abiance is nice. The employees are well mannered. I really liked the food and the experience. It's a lot like Korean BBQ places where you cook your meats. My friend and I ordered the meat lovers special. It came with 5 different meats that were well seasoned. It also came with salad, miso soup, edamame, and white rice. And for dessert, it came with smores (you get to heat up your marshmallow over the grill). It says it's good for 2 people but you can share with 3 and still come out full! The manager came by our table to make sure everything went well. They have happy hour on drinks and food (anything prices that are red on the menu). Over all I give this place 5 stars.Btw you do now want to drive here because it's in the middle of Main Street aka China Town. Very crowded and no parking on the street.
Had a friend tell me that this wasn't that good so I didn't try this place out immediately, but still wanted to know how it was. When I first arrived, it was about a 15 minute wait and we waited at the bar. When we were seated, service was a bit slow, but I review for the food mainly :) Surprisingly, the meat was really good; the toro beef and prime kalbi short rib was bomb, wouldn't reccomend the yaki shabu beef (was a bit dry and thick). The harami in secret pot meat was so tender. The garlic fried rice got burnt cause the waiter took a long time to get us bowls. The tuna appetizer wasn't as good as I expected, but I didn't hate it either. Still would come back to try more!
Wow, what a great experience. The entire staff is amazing & super friendly. Our servers Chris & Shek were extremely knowledgeable & had great recommendations. We made it just in time for the happy hour special, which is a combo of appetizers, assorted vegetables, rice & meat & chicken dishes. & to top it off s'mores for dessert. All for 50! & it tasted amazing. The manager, Dennis, even passed by to make sure everything was ok. It was my first time here but I will 100% be back!
I wasn't a fan of Gyu-Kaku the first time I had it, although their Happy Hour drink prices are pretty damn amazing. I decided to give it another try when my friends wanted to try this "hot new restaurant" in Downtown Flushing, and I was hoping that its location away from the city meant better quality and better value. Came here with 2 other friends and we weren't super hungry to begin with, so we ordered the Kobe style set, which is usually intended for 2 people. We all got our fair share of each course and even if we were a group of 2, we'd only eat just a bit more of what we had. Although I am a fan of Kobe beef, I didn't think it was anything special. The meat quality was good, but portions felt small. Then again, I'm generally not a fan of BBQ sets because the portions always feel small and being a carnivore, there never seems to be enough meat.Our waiter was very attentive and came and changed our grill rack often and brought out our food very quickly. The service, in general, is overtly friendly--I really admire the staff's high energy and (very) super enthusiasm when greeting guests in and out. I'd be dead tired by 8pm on a Saturday.My impression of Gyu-Kaku still stands: decent quality but very expensive, small-portioned food. Their Happy Hour deals, on the other hand, are worth going for but I'm not sure if I'd pay full price for their drinks or food unless, of course, some friends want to go.
Update to my original review. I introduced a buddy of mine to this Gyu-Kaku location recently and they have been hooked ever since. Not only is the food still very good but the employees and management have always been spectacular There is a new All You Can Eat Special deal Monday - Thursday at participating locations. For budget minded people there are two options : a Premium and Ultimate menu. The former is less expensive with a certain number of menu items while the latter contains more grill options as well as certain things like sukiyaki bibimbap and garlic fried rice for a bit more. Drinks are still charged separately but you do get a dessert option included (usually s'mores). And I may have not noticed before but there are also bbq sets that are good for two diners (or one very hungry person) which include starters like salad and edamame When you walk up the stairs there may be quite a few customers waiting (especially during dinner time). Reservations are recommended but walk-ins are certainly accepted based upon availability of seating. There have been more than one occasion where I had to wait for a bit but that was expected. The friendly faces at the podium you might encounter are always welcoming and they certainly remember you if you have dined more than once. Thanks to Deana and Karen for always being pleasant and friendly. Their position as primary contact for hungry and and sometimes impatient patrons can be overwhelming but they always manage to keep the waiting area calm. Depending on when you decide to dine in I have noticed that the severs are sometimes different.  Understandable as people do have different availabilities and schedule. My original server Waan I think I have seen once since I have been back. She was still working as hard as ever and had a different hairstyle. Chris takes very good care of his customers. He was one of my original servers as well. He remembers peoples faces and still takes time to say hello even if he is not assigned to your table. As server is he very professional and thorough. Victor is very friendly and polite to every table he is assigned to. He was training at one point but now is seasoned to be as efficient as his colleagues. Janice made a good impression on our table. She checked up on us very frequently to make sure everything was all right even though happened to be somewhat busy that evening. And she took time to say hello to us even when we were seated in a different section on a different occasion. Eric is very personable. Even when not on duty or getting off shift he still takes time to greet customers in the common area. As a server he certainly is able to build rapport with customers and works very diligently to make sure orders arrive in a timely manner. Special mentions go to Dennis and Ian who greet regular customers.  Howard took care of me most recently and takes responsibilities very seriously. The management team consistently show how much they care about the customers. Koyo is always courteous and friendly as he deals with a lot of customers. Charles and Dennis make several rounds to check tables for grill changes and to see how customers are doing. Kay certainly looks out for customers to make sure they are having a good experience. They take time to introduce themselves and what I respect about them is that they work alongside the staff whether dressed in stylish business attire or not. I am not sure if this is a common things at other locations. The teamwork at this location is very admirable.
This place is awesome! Came here for the 1st time on a thursday night and had Wan as our server. they gave us a happy hour menu which was so affordable for 3 people! The entire staff was smiling and super friendly! The food was delicious and everything was explained to us from how long to cook the food and it was brought out at a timely fashion. We were not overwhelmed with so many options at once on the table. I highly recommend people to come here especially during the happy hour!
This place was great! First time and definitely not my last. The food was tasty the drinks were strong and not to mention the service. We got the happy hour house menu Samurai for 4. It's worth every penny and you leave full :)
I was super excited that there was a gyukaku opening in flushing, I've been to their locations in the city and really liked the food.  But the experience here was not as good as other locations, I guess I went here on an off day (Sunday afternoon).So first off, don't open the left door... that leads to a downstairs kitchen of some sort, make sure to stay on the right.  Would be good to put a sign to indicate the right door.It will lead you to a set of stairs.  Upon entering the hostess wasn't present, when she returned she asked if we had a reservation (which I didn't) so we ended up waiting an additional 10-15 minutes.  But the thing is, majority of the restaurant was empty and we were seated in an awkward location, a shared table that could seat 8 for a party of 2...?  Didn't really make sense.Usually upon arrival, staff would happily yell welcome or "Irasshaimase!"  But instead staff yelled "irasshaimase....." it wasn't enthusiastic as other locations, and frankly they seemed really tired.Food:Spicy tuna volcano- tasted good, the seasoning of the rice itself reminded me of jia leurng (the fried dough wrapped in rice noodle), but the crunchy rice was a bit hard to chew... this seems to be a popular item but I wasn't a fan.  I guess this depends on personal preference. Addicting cucumber-didn't taste the same as the other locations, but it was okay.  Maybe it was a different sesame oil but the sauce wasn't as great.Sukiyaki bibimbap-they readily offered korean mild and spicy, mild wasn't spicy at all.  Overall the taste just wasnt there like other places.Bistro hanger steak/Yaki shabu beef/Prime garlic shoyu steak- extremely seasoned, maybe marinated for too long or the ratio of seasoning was off.  Usually the meats are lightly marinated and it would've been okay to use the provided ponzu/light soy/spicy sauces at the table.  But there was so much seasoning that using the table sauces woukd be going overboard.Pork belly- slices were not ideal for grilling, usually for grilling pork belly you try to aim to crisp up the edge a bit.Lychee lemonade- neutral?  Tasted a bit like sprite mixed with lychee jellies, if you like that combo this might be for you.Our server was really nice, sometimes it was a bit hard to get him due to our seating area.  But he was doing his best to tend to us.  We were sat at the further end of the shared table that wasn't easily viewed (there was a partition that obstructs the view).He was really good at explaining the grill times, menus, etc.  He also offered hand wipes at the end and a promo card with a secret freebie for next visit, I like those types of offers since they're pretty fun.While leaving, usually someone would say thanks/come again/etc, but all the staff just stared as we left.  We also saw the hostess looking upset and tearing up for some reason...Overall, I'll give it a bit more time before returning, manager and waiter often asked how everything was so I know they're trying their best.  For now I rather take the trip to the city for my gyukaku fix.
Wow wow wow wow. My family and I just got back from eating dinner here and we are so glad the icook place down the street was busy. Lol. We went there first and they had no tables that could seat 7 so we decided to come here and we are so happy that we did. Like I said we came as a family of 7, 5 adults and 2 children. We decided to do their special for 6 and that was more than enough for all of us. It comes with appetizers, soups and hey you get free edamame if you check in. Some of the people at our table didn't like the rice but I personally liked it, it wasn't too mushy like most rice are at other places. We had three rounds of meats come out and when the third came we were all so full already. But we cooked it and took it home anyways. We gave some to our doggies, lol. So it really fed 7 people and 2 little dogs. Mind you we ordered a pork fried rice too for those that didn't like the white rice.  One thing I would like if they gave us lettuce but overall everything was delicious! Would definitely come back in the future. The service was excellent! Our server was attentive and always gave us everything promptly.
Oh my gosh does this place have so many deals! And I would say it is worth it. They offer a lot of variety bbq wise at least. And drinks! Gotta point out the drinks!!They also provide all you can eat bbq but certain days I believe. I went with a group of four and we did the $60 combo that's originally for two and we got full. Now I know this is a chain. I had gyu kaku in Chicago before. I remember liking Chicago's more for some reason. Everything was good but some I didn't care about. Service was cool. We came around the time they opened. Hostess didn't even know we were standing there but she was nice. Waitor was super cool. All the staff was really nice actually. Super informative. Super helpful and outgoing and laid back at the same time. The interior is nice also. Cute date night seen. It wasn't busy going around lunch time on Saturday. You have to go up stairs to get up to the restaurant. I probably would have preferred to try another place but the cheapest option and I didn't want get too full
Decided to take my mom here since we were in the area and we were craving Japanese BBQ. I made a reservation for 2 PM on a Saturday for 2 and when my mom and I arrived at 1:45, we were told to wait a few minutes since someone else was still there. Nonetheless, we waited and we were seated at exactly 2 PM! Great service hands down.Once we sat down, we were greeted by Eric, who was great throughout the entire time. He asked if we've been here before and I have been to their other locations throughout the city, so we skipped the whole speal and I ordered right away.We got one of the Happy Hour sets (not sure which one) but everything tasted great. I really enjoyed the salad as they dressed it really well without it being too saucy. The meats were all fresh and beautifully cut/seasoned!I was surprised that the place wasn't super crowded for a Saturday afternoon, so definitely come here if you're in the area!
Incredible food and fantastic service!! This place is so damn good! I like Japanese bbq but the appetizers here is what really gets me every time. If you like spicy tuna, the spicy tuna volcano is to die for!! Fried rice is really good and so is the bibimbap. If you come here during happy hour drinks are really cheap and everything on the menu is a few dollars off which is awesome. Every time I go we end up getting a ton of stuff and are able to eat a little bit of everything for really cheap. Only down side is the location is in the heart of flushing and parking is a pain. Make sure to make a reservation as well so you don't need to wait because they get busy (every day of the week).
Love this place! Have been to a few locations and they never disappoint. Make sure to make reservations even on a weekday, they book up fast.
Amazinggg! I made a reservation at 9:30PM and waited for about 10 minutes for them to set our table. I thought the restaurant was quite small but it extends all the way to the back. The table is very spacious and the seats are very comfy. Our waiter, Danny was very accommodating, gave us great recommendations and would service us in a timely manner. My boyfriend and I decided to go for the happy hour for 2 meal set and as for drinks: Tokyo Sunset and Mango Mai-Tai. I ate at the Manhattan location a few years back and it seems like they changed their menu a bit but it did not disappoint at all. For starters we had miso soup, a Gyu-Kaku salad, steamed chili shrimp dumplings, fried bacon chips and beef sukiyaki bibimbap. The dumplings were pretty good - not sure if it is freshly made in store but the chili on top was very tasty. The fried bacon strips was interesting, it came with lemon and salt on the side. I didn't think it needed the extra salt but it tastes a bit like fried chicken ... maybe from the batter they fried it in. The bibimbap was also very good and a good portion to share amongst two people. We ordered a Spicy Tuna Volcano in addition since this appetizer seems popular. It was nice and crunchy on the outside of the rice and topped with just the right amount of spicy tuna. I think I will prefer the rice block to be a bit smaller in size and a bit more crunchy. Other than that, it was a great appetizer!For BBQ, we had the Harami Miso Skirt Steak, Bistro Hanger Steak & Toro Beef Soy first. All meats were very good and I liked how we can cook base son our preference even though the waiters advise you beforehand on how long you should cook your meat. Next was the garlic shoyu chicken thigh, pork belly white soy and spinach garlic. We didn't enjoy eating the chicken, it was tasteless and wasn't as juicy as the beef dishes. The pork belly was okay, we still preferred the beef. The spinach was surprisingly very good. It was also very easy to cook. We ordered a Kalbi Short Rib in addition to our meal and it's probably our favorite beef slice amongst all. Lastly, we had S'mores that came with the meal as well as the fried banana cheesecake with ice-cream. The S'mores was such a fun and cute idea. The banana cheesecake was okay, I didn't enjoy it that much since I'm not into banana flavored things but my boyfriend enjoyed it ~ I did like the ice-cream a lot though! We managed to finish all our food but we walked out SO STUFFED. It's definitely a nice, chill place to have dinner. Don't forget to check-in on yelp for a free bowl of edamame!
Great spot. Glad they've opened one on Main St. Happy hour after 9pm on a Saturday night? Count me in. Drinks were inexpensive and service was on point. We ended up grabbing a table and ordering their 6 people special... for 5 people. It was awesome. Sooooo much food.  Grills were changed frequently before we had to ask. You get free edamame with your Yelp check in but that might take a while to come out. The staff is always polite and fun. Our waitress shared a picture of someone's burnt marshmallow disaster from an earlier shift. She was great. This place is always fun. Always count me in for cheap beer and s'mores.
Been to a few locations in the city and Chicago as well. Don't know how they do it but they definitely nailed quality control! From the service to the food, I don't even notice when I am in a different location. The bbq is amazing! My boyfriend and I usually order the Gyu-Kaku for 2 combo. The meat is marinated just right. They make slits in the meat so it guarantees all parts of the meat will catch the marinade. The grills are smokeless so you don't have those smoke vacuums over your food (like in Korean bbq). The beef bibimbap is seasoned nicely and scorched perfectly! BTW Add the mushroom packets if your gonna have bbq. If you need some alcoholic suggestions, the lychee bellini and mango mai-tai is really good.
Jackie was our server for the evening. He was very nice, and helpful, he helped us understand and even recommended so really good drinks. He was patient and our food came very very fast. Our food was very very good. we got the Happy hour special. Very fast and fun !But Jackie was the best !!! Thank you so muchhhhh!!
SUCH A FUN TIME. Our waiter was funny, knowledgeable and prompt. This is my go to in Flushing with a group of friends for an entertaining time.
The husband and I came here for our lunch date last Friday afternoon. We heard this location opened up not too long ago and have been meaning to come here to try since we've had it at the Cooper Square location before.There was NO WAIT whatsoever. I think partially because it was a weekday and in the afternoon. There were plenty of empty tables when we got there. No reservations needed. Phew. We were afraid of that since we had a doctor's appointment scheduled right after lunch.We opt for the *Premium Party Course* ($40 for 2 people) from the lunch special because we wanted Kobe Style BBQ meat!STARTERS & SIDES:-Salad x2-Miso Soup x2Rice x2BBQ ITEMS:-Kobe Style Bistro Hanger Steak Miso-Kobe Style Sirloin Steak Sweet Soy-New York Strip Steak Garlic-Pork Belly White Soy-Assorted VegetablesDESSERT:-S'mores x2TIP: Get FREE Edamame when you follow Gyu-Kaku on Instagram or like their FB page! You might have to remind them a few times that you liked their FB page because we did and didn't get the Edamame until later later later on. Humph. Anyhow , the salad was a fantastic kick starter!! Love the delicious dressing and the spring mix is super fresh! The miso soup was great, not too bland or salty. Seaweed and tofu tasted good too.The white rice was a bit hard and rough, tasted as if it was put in the reheat setting for too long. I think I was expecting the softer Korean rice, but we are in a Japanese restaurant. Shrugs.The Kobe style BBQ meat was overall good. I was not too crazy over the pork belly since there was an after taste to it. I also didn't really like the NY strip steak either because it was not marinated like the rest of the meat.We did not care much for the vegetables. We only got like 2 rolls of onions, 2 pieces of mushrooms, 2 slices of red peppers, and 2 slices of cucumbers. Meh.The s'mores were a nice end to our meal. Yummy toasted marshmallows on top of Hershey chocolate with crunchy graham crackers!***I think our biggest complaint was they split our orders of meat/vegetables in half and the second half did not come until after we finished eating the first half. Since it is self-service aka we grill the food by ourselves, we expected everything to be on the table for us to grill at our leisure. We were also on a time constraint so we did not finish our lunch until 1.5 hours later. Sigh to the slow raw food delivery.Other than that, it was a nice grilling experience. Well, the husband did all the legwork while I sit back and enjoyed the eating hehe. I love me a husband that takes charge!
I made a reservation for 7:45pm, however, was seated at 8:02pm.  The place was packed for a Monday evening and the hostess said that the table that was occupying our reservation was there for 3 hours that's why there was such a delay.  The staff was apologetic for the delay but it didn't change the fact that we had to wait excess of 15 minutes with a reservation. I came here with a party of 6 people and ordered the set for 6 people.  The food was good and the service was amazing.  Our waiters name was Brandon and he was so attentive and helpful.  His service and attitude was definitely a 5 star in my books.  He came by to constantly change the grill when it got a bit charred and to refill our water.  I wasn't quite full from this set for 6 people and we ordered extra items too. We ordered garlic noodles, bibimbap and 2 veggies.  I didn't leave here feeling hungry but I also didn't leave feeling full.  Happy hour is at 9pm to closing, which makes the drinks almost half off.  I would definitely come back here in the future and hope to have Brandon as my server.  Great overall experience for a restaurant that has only been opened for 3 months.
1st time I went to this location & I realized they dont have the matcha crepe & takoyaki yet which sucks cuz those 2 dishes are amazing from this place. I recommend the mango lemonade over the lychee lemonade as the lychee lemonade is pretty tart. The garlic rib-eye & the yaki shabu are too sweet. I think all the meat they serve is seasoned sweet by default unless you ask them to make sure the sauce or seasoning isn't sweet. The veggie noodles were ok.The chili wings are too sweet.The steamed chili shrimp dumplings were spicy & so good!The Spicy cucumber wasn't spicy at all but it was crispy. The Fried Calamari was good cuz of the Thousand Island sauce.The mochi ice cream had 4 flavors of 2 each: Thai tea, strawberry, matcha, & vanilla. Thai tea is best, matcha is 2nd (not too bitter), vanilla ranks 3rd as it didnt have much flavor, I honestly couldn't taste the vanilla. Strawberry is last cuz it was too sweet.I dont like the fact that the spicy sauce they have on the table is sweet & nowhere near spicy at all the locations. They said they do have actual hot sauce & we just need to ask for it. This location had the best service by far.
4.5 stars for this Korean BBQ place. Came here twice for the happy hour and I'm very pleased with both experiences. We ordered the tuna volcano appetizer (great) and the spicy bibimbap (great) and the chicken garlic noodles (just ok because it was lacking the ground chicken it promised on the menu). The drinks are good too, especially the strawberry margarita and lychee mojito. The good red meats for grilling are not discounted for happy hour, so .5 stars taken away for that. We usually get the skirt steak, short rib and filet mignon. From happy hour, we tried the basil chicken and assorted veggies. All pretty good! We will def be coming back! Good place to try out any time of the day. They also have an app with discounts and for points towards menu item redemptions.
This is the worst restaurant experience that anyone can have. We got to the restaurant at 7:30pm and was told that it was a busy night, but they will be able to accommodate us if we were willing to wait 45 to 50 minutes. Understanding that it was Saturday dinner time we waited patiently. After about an hour we were told that it will be another 15 to 20 minutes because the table that they planned to seat us at were finishing up and about to have dessert. Again we waited and kept seeing other parties come in and being seated right away as more people were leaving the restaurant so we know tables were opening up. I asked about our table and they kept saying that the party at our table were still finishing up. We would've left, but by this point we had already waited so long that we didn't want to go to another restaurant to wait again thinking that our table will open up soon. We ended up waiting over 2 HOURS before we were seated! This is very unprofessional, if they knew they were going to accommodate others first then they should've been honest from the beginning. We had an elderly couple in our party and they were starting to get nauseous from the hunger!The dining experience was extremely poor. When we were seated someone came to take our order, but when food started to come out we were missing quite a few items so we inquired about it. We found out that the person who took the order was not actually our waiter and some of the orders were not placed. Our waiter apologized and said that since it was so busy and people were getting seated at the same time so he asked someone (probably a bus boy) to fill in and take our orders while he went to greet another table. During our meal our waiter came to refill water in our glass, but the the problem is that we were drinking Pellegrino and my glass was still half-filled sitting right next the the Pellegrino bottle! He apologized and brought out another bottle, but after the experience we've had so far in this place it was hard to be understanding. The whole night was a SH1T SHOW!!!The food itself was also not that great. One of the dishes that we decided to try was their $32 Kobe ribeye. This was one of their "specialty dishes". To be honest, I could've gotten better steak for the value from my local pizzeria! When this thing came out, it was 6 paper thin slices of meat. To compare it to sliced deli roast beef would be an extreme compliment! I've had some great Kobe beef from very high-end steak houses (so I know my red meats), and I know that I can't expect that kind of quality here, but this thing was pure garbage (not tender at all, with absolutely no taste)!All in all we spent about 4 HOURS in this place because by the time we left it was just about 11:30pm. That's 4 wasted hours of my life that I wish I could take back. There are so many other great Asian-style BBQ places featuring marinated meats in Flushing that I don't recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this one. I'll definitely be "flushing"this place down the toilet. I'm usually a pretty easy-going kind of person, and don't really care to write reviews and stuff, but this was SOOOO BAD that it's worth warning others about. If there was a negative star rating available for this place, I would've given it that!
Oh My Oh My Oooooh My!!!I don't know where to begin! So I was going on a date and I picked thid spot b/c of the reviews  and let me tell you they didn't disappoint! Once you enter the staff says this greeting I can only assume was in Japanese and we found out that the greeting is the host says we have new guests and the staff responds with a welcome greeting..and they are loud let me tell you l, so you definitely feel welcomed!Once we were seated our server came over his name was Eric. He was such a super nice guy.  He explained how the ordering went and let us know that we cook ourselves, since it was indeed our first time there. So that was different. I informed them that it was my birthday celebration and drinks must flow..lol We ordered a variety of things like squid, chicken, seaweed salad, mushrooms, veggies and fish. It all was so good and the fact that the grill is right there on the table for you to cook was suoer cool. He also explained how long to cook each item which was helpful.. it all comes out wrapped in foil and you  just place it on the grill to cook. My date also ordered a Japanese beer and sake and I had a lychee Bellini with extra lychees b/c of my love for lychees and it was oh so good. Ken the bartender made my drinks and they were very good.After we ate and were just chatting a bit all of a sudden I hear "SOMEONE' S HAVING A BIRTHDAY!!!" Super loud and it startled me but I LOVED IT! The whole staff had to be like 10 or so of them came and sang Happy Birthday to me! It was so energetic I loved every moment of it. They gave me a crown and had signs and everything..So if you don't like the big fuss for your birthday then don't tell them, but I like all that stuff so it was great for me!If you go here make sure to ask for Eric as your server he is awesome..And he will talk a bit too, so if you don't want a server that can be chatty then do get him..However I like that he talked and engaged us a bit. Made my experience more personal, like he knew us.. Also the Manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking, which I greatly  appreciated. He was so nice and welcoming and always had a smile. I even talked to him at the end and he was still smiling and thanked us for coming. I want to say his name is Danny, but I don't think that's right,  either way he was great. The whole staff was awesome Everyone just made sure you were enjoying yourself.  Oh and they have am evening happy hour too that starts around 9p if you missed the earlier happy hour.  Needless to say I am DEFINITELY going back ..
I love this jbbq restaurant so much! Gyu-kaku is a chain jbbq resturant, they have a few in manhattan and they just opened one in flushing, great idea honestly. I'm literally here about 3-4x a month. I love coming here because they have great deals. They always have happy hour for the food and for the drinks. They have so many things on the happy hour menu and I order so much food an drinks. It's a great ambiance. The service is always great too, the waiters are super nice. It does get packed here at night, but they let you sit by the bar and order drinks as you wait. Smack in the middle of flushing, so its really easy to get to.
Yes!!! A Gyu-Kaku in Flushing! Location is awesome, parking sucks but still doable! Deals, prices all standard but what is important is the food and service! Food is phenomenal like always. The restaurant looks nice, although the walk way isn't that spacious. Our waiter - Eric? I believe was extremely helpful and nice. I actually went 2 times in one week because it was just that awesome! Even if you can't make a reservation online you can always give them a call and they'll work something out. They've also been very helpful with the reservation when I was unsure if we were going with 5 or 6 people. The second time I went it seems like they were short on staff. I went on a Sunday night, it was pretty busy, the place was full with more people waiting but there seems to be only 3 waiters.
This was a great experience though the waiter try to rush us through our meals. It's very easy a child could even cook the food. (Around 45 seconds on both sides) This restaurant is reasonably priced and affordable for anyone.The spicy tuna volcano and fried rice are must haves !!!
It is really good here!! There's always a line, make sure you make reservations!! Order their combos!! It is pretty fulfilling!!!
Update: I stopped by again to grab a quick dinner at the bar. The bar prices stay at the new Happy Hour prices all day--so it's a really good deal.I got the Lychee Tini (which was sweet, just the way I like it), an avocado salad (so good!), and the shoyu ramen. The ramen came in a very good portion and I was full before even finishing it. Compared to the grill, if you just want a quality, cheap dinner, the bar is the place to be. You still get the great foods that Gyu-Kaku offers (obviously without the meats) along with discounted drinks. I will definitely be stopping by here a lot more.
We made reservations at 5:30pm for 5 people. Got seated right away..but for 10 mins nobody acknowledged us and we were ready to order. We had to wave someone down to come take our order. Since happy hour ends at 6pm and we got there at 5:30pm we had the advantage to order a combo for 2 people for $50 dollars with a bit of everything which was awesome. So we ordered 2 of those $50 combo plus a mixture of other goodies on the menu. The bacon chips was a waste. Tiny bits of fried bacon with a side of salt, portion was very tiny. I suggest you save your $5 and get something else.  Since we ordered so much stuff I don't remember all that came with the $50 combo but I do know there was definitely 2 types of beef, chicken, pork, veggies, soup, salad, rice, edamame, and s'mores. And when you check in you also get a free order of edamame. They do offer discount when you download their app which was nice.  The place didn't make our clothes smell which is extra plus! Overall it was good besides having to hunt down somebody to order in the beginning. Our waiter did end up switching with another waitress to serve us and she was awesome. She changed our grill at least 4 times to prevent our food from cooking on the burnt surface which was nice.
This is my favorite BBQ place to go to. I've been to their other locations in the city and this one is just as good. The meat was very tasty and well seasoned. They will tell you how long to grill each type of meat and they change the grills for you once in a while. There is usually a wait during dinner so it is best to make a reservation beforehand. I did not try the ACYE option because I came on a weekend. The other locations does not have the AYCE option. I will definitely be back for that next time.
Came here for lunch. I wanted to come this past Monday for the all-you-can-eat but they don't have it on weekday holidays.Came here to order the ultimate 56-item all-you-can-eat. When I entered, it was quite busy. I remembered that the restaurant used to be a karaoke bar. At the restroom and waiting area, there are two TVs showing sports.In the main level, I see that there is a bar next to the stairs with two more TVs. This is the second restaurant that offer all-you-can-eat, with the other on in White Plains.While there, the service is good. Instead of a knob at the side of the table to control the heat, there is a knob below the table. The table next to me had the warning light flashing. The waiter turned the knob, disabling the warning light.This restaurant also has all-you-can-drink sodas for two dollars extra. I order three cooked food items and nine grilled items. I always end the meal with ice cream and s'mores.
I finally got to try this place since they opened in Flushing. I've been to the Midtown location and loved it but it was mostly reserved for special occasions because it's on the pricey side in my opinion. That being said, I don't think they've ever done AYCE at that location. I got an email about a deal for all-you-can-eat on Mon-Thurs for $35 ($45 for more items included) so I jumped on the deal. Here are my general thoughts:1) I thought this deal was for a limited time, but I think they have this all the time during the weekdays (Mon-Thurs). I did make reservations, but I don't think you need to. I came on  a Monday around 6:30 and there were plenty of tables open. 2) Everything we ordered was delicious. We did the regular $35 AYCE menu because there was plenty on there for us to try for our first time. We got various different cuts of beef - some were more tasty than others but we couldn't really recall what was what. We really enjoyed the cubed beef and the really thinly sliced beef. The shrimp and the pork sausages were amazing too, we kept ordering more plates of those. For appetizers, I was obsessed with the cold tofu with scallions piled top - so delicious and refreshing. The fried calamari was good too. However, the star of the meal was their sweet soy sauce -- soo good, I dunked everything in that sauce. 3) It was really easy to cook the food. The beef goes in the center of the grill because they cook faster, about 30-90 seconds on each side (depending on how thick the cut), whereas any other meat (chicken, pork, shrimp) and vegetables go on the outer parts of the grill, usually around 2 minutes per side. I like how they gave each of us a tong, so that everyone can partake in the grilling.4) They were really pleasant and nice to us in the beginning, always coming by to change out our grill and refill our waters. However, towards the end, I felt like they were a little pushy about getting us out. Apparently, there is a 90-minute limit. Now, I've been to other all-you-can-eat buffets and I know they all have time limits too, but other places were never too strict about it and I never felt like someone was actually timing me. Here, right about the hour and a half mark of our reservation time, they came by and said "last call for orders". Wow, really?? The place was more than half empty. It's not like we were even eating a lot, but we just like to take our time and enjoy our food instead of scarfing it down. This kind of ruined the experience for me and hence why I knocked off one star. Overall, I thought the food was great, but the experience could have been better.
My mom actually wanted to try this place for my little brother's birthday dinner after we couldn't get a table the last we were here. Now I can see why it's so popular, the food was really good. We came in the evening on a Saturday expecting it to be busy, but it wasn't. We could've gotten a seat ASAP, but the host said that we needed to have everyone present before we could be seated (my dad was still parking his car), so keep that in mind when you come here. After we were seat, we ordered the samurai set, $130, which feeds about 4 people. the samurai set comes with miso soup, gyu-kaku salad, chicken garlic udon, and beef sukiyaki bibimbap as appetizers. Seasoned filet mignon, sweet soy sirloin tare, harami, New York garlic strip steak, marinated kalbi, shrimp and mushroom ahijo, miso duck, chicken with pesto, and buttered asparagus as bbq items and s'mores as dessert. My favorites were the chicken garlic udon, kalbi, shrimp and mushroom ahijo, harami, and s'mores (obviously). We all loved the kalbi so much we ordered 2 more lol I was the least impressed with the miso duck, chicken with pesto, and the bibimbap. My mom also ordered their mango lemonade, which was quite delicious. It was kind of pricey,~$160 not including tip, but I would definitely consider coming back again because I found their meats to be very flavorful and tender compared to most kbbq restaurants I've been to.
I was so excited for this place to open up in flushing. This gave me the push to actually go and try gyu kaku in manhattan. The experience I had in the Cooper Sq location was pretty bad; I gave them a 1 star review on yelp.This new location is much better. The entrance is a big wooden door. I almost walked into some creepy looking place right next to the actual entrance. You have to climb a bunch of steps to get upstairs. We were seated after 5 minutes of waiting. Every time a customer enters or leaves, the staff shouts something in Japanese. This place is pretty nice and spacious. My boyfriend and I opted for the happy hour preset meal along with the spicy tuna appetizer. We also got the tokyo tea & mango mai tai. I've read on most of the manhattan locations that their drinks are all juice, it's watered down blah blah blah. THIS LOCATION DOES NOT CHEAT YOU ON THE ALCOHOL!!Our waiter, Eric? I believe was very nice. He explained to us all the different kind of meats, the sauces, which cut is better, how long to grill them for, etc. I learned that if the meat is on a white plate, they are generally a better cut of meat. The bibimbap here is made in front of you and to perfection. The one I had in the manhattan location was way too salty, very brown, just horrible in general but this location changed my perspective on it.The manager even stopped by our table to ask us how everything was and explained to us the future plans for the location!Overall, I still think gyu kaku is expensive for what you get but it is a pretty good price during happy hour. The happy hours at this location is pretty much like half the day. If I were to come back, it would only be during happy hour and to this location.
I live in the neighborhood and this place used to be a karaoke before turning into a new location of this famous Japanese bbq. My friends and I decided to check it out on a weekday evening. We came in around 9pm which is roughly their happy hours. There was quite a line but only a 5 mins wait. We ordered the Gyu Kaku set, the first one on the menu, and a couple of extra dishes. Appetizers include edamame, miso soup, fried shrimp dumpling and rice. We also ordered the Spicy Tuna Volcano but it was quite disappointing to me. If you want some veggies I suggest the Spicy Addicting Cabbage. Funny it is actually addicting. The meat was good quality but some of them were marinated more like Korean bbq, like galbi. My favorites are the beef tongue, of course, and the Butter Garlic NY Strips. The Harami Miso Skirt Steak was not that impressive, didn't taste much like miso. They also have corn with butter in foil cups so you can grill them up. I had a Lychee Mojito and it was delicious. Green tea ice cream was okay.Not sure if it's because it's newly opened or not but the staff is really attentive and helpful. Hope they can maintain the service. Our bill totaled ~$40 not including tips.
First time here and i loved it! Great service, great food! Will definitely be back! Everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful. A lot of variety of packages and reasonably priced!
This place has delicious food. I love the set up of their grills because it sucks the smoke downwards which keeps it from sticking to your clothes as much as other places. Their happy hour specials are great! I would get the combo that comes with lots of appetizers and meat and even s'mores. The beef is consistently tender and well marinated. I liked that they gave a packet of spinach too. My favorite appetizer has been the chili shrimp dumplings. Fairly priced for the food but some can say it's pricey especially in the Flushing area. It's located down a small street, across from a Starbucks.
Went on a weeknight around 9pm and caught their AYCE deal. Their kitchen closes at 10:45pm but you're welcome to stay and finish your food. I think I didn't leave until maybe 11:30. The waiters were super nice and helpful in their suggestions. They also came back periodically to check up on us. I think the meat quality was really really good; all seasoned well. I never tried Japanese BBQ before so this was a really pleasant experience. I think I'll definitely be back!
Super-fresh thin cuts of meat and great service. Don't be intimidated if you're new to Japanese BBQ like I was. Don't go during rush hour without a reservation.
Had a crave for Japanese BBQ and went to this place with my husband. We had a happy hour set dinner plus two appetisers, just enough for two of us. The quality of the meat is very high, I have had Gyu-Kaku in Hong Kong, i think they have the same standard, although it's definitely cheaper in NY lol
Came here around 10pm-ish with a party of 2. Found the wait to be about 10 minutes long.First time trying gyukaku or any jbbq for the matter and it was a great experience. The server was very knowledgable (a little too knowledgable because me and my friend were both a bit too tipsy to comprehend everything)We were going to opt for the kobe style for 2 @ hh pricing but decided we dont wanna be charged for things we dont really want in the set, so we opted for individual orders. We had the pork belly, fried rice, garlic noodles, ny strip steak, kobe style, and 1 other meat. The portioning was decent and everything was easily sharable. The only difficult part was actually cooking the meat to perfection because both of us being lazy and sucky at cooking, most of our meats turned out a little burnt. Regardless everything had a flavorful taste to it.Bill came out to around 50$ and we just left $10 tip. Would definitely come back again.
I recently came here twice in a week, one was for lunch and one was for the ayce (all day long Monday - Thursday) Lunch - I think we literally sat for close to 2 hours and we weren't rushed to leave. We opted for the 3 bbq items per person which also comes with rice, salad and soup. The choices we got to choose from were great. It was pretty filling since we also added 2 extra veggies. It's a good jap bbq experience if you don't want to spend too much. Ayce - there's 2 options, a $35 one with less items and the $45 with the premium items. Of course we went for the $45 one because there's so much more items to choose from. The food was really good and we got pretty stuffed. They were pretty strict with the 90 minutes but good thing we managed to get to the dessert part with 10 minutes left on the clock. But i have to say, it might've been because we ordered ALOT. I think we definitely ate our moneys worth. One thing I didn't really like was we were only allowed to order 2 meat dish per person per round so that it took longer to order everything we wanted but we eventually got too full anyways. Overall, Gyu-Kaku is amazing. Their food is fresh and taste delicious. I definitely recommend going for lunch and ayce but don't go for the ayce if it's a large group because you have to share one grill and needs to be out by 90 minutes!
So glad they opened a location in Flushing so that I can finally try Gyu-Kaku! The prices are a steal for happy hour, whether you're getting tons of meat or drinks. Don't expect to get super stuffed like at AYCE, but definitely expect good quality meat with flavor. The sauces also pair perfectly with the meat. The happy hour special for 2 is just the right portion!The meat cooks super fast so make sure to watch it so it doesn't burn! Unsure about everyone else's experience, but service was great when I went. My party was checked on regularly and even the head server came to ask us about how to better the experience there. I can see how this place can get super busy, so make sure to come early!
This is probably my go to Japanese bbq restaurant. The best happy hour prices on both food and drinks. The energy the servers have is fantastic. Everyone is very attentive and helpful. The service is fast and pleasant. The food is flavorful. You can cook all meats to your likings. Appetizer are superb. I love the fact the restaurant provide a reward system so it makes you feel appreciated and always want to go back.
Very slow. Took us 3 hours to finish a normal 1.5 hour meal. Waiter was nice but he was so busy that every thing was so backed up. Asked for a tea and it took two request just to get it almost 15 minutes later. Same with ordering soda. Alot of sitting and waiting for food to come to the table every other dish. The meat wasnt that fresh, not even up to normal standard. The price was standard but the quality was way lower then what it was priced. The seating was uncomfortable and very compacted. Not even enough walking space to even get through the place.
I've eaten at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ before (different location). My son and I visited during the late night "Happy Hour". My son loved the idea of cooking the food. I had been perusing the menu for a while since my last visit in Midtown so I knew what I wanted.We ordered: Fried Shrimp Dumplings, French Fries with Cod Caviar Sauce, Pork Sausage Fried Rice, Miso Ramen Pork. The meat -- Bistro Hangar Steak, Filet Mignon, Chicken Breast and Pork Belly.My son loved the idea of cooking the food. I let him cook all the meat excluding the Filet Mignon (that's my fave)The employees were really friendly to us, especially since it was my son's first time there. Being that it was Halloween, everyone was wearing costumes. Our orders were taken and our food rolled out pretty quickly!! Our grill was cleaned and changed quickly and without interrupting our meal. Our meal was pretty expensive, but it was worth it. We had a lot of food and ended up taking boxes home with us. Being as though it was Halloween, they gave my son a little Halloween pumpkin basket with candy inside.Definitely look forward to returning again in the near future. It's New York so parking was pretty bad. Especially since they're doing road construction close by.
My friend and I ordered the $60 Gyu Kaku for 2 (people) which includes 5 starters/sides, 6 variety of meat platters and the funnest part, which was making the dessert (s'mores!). Thoughts: Food - I liked most of the sides & meat. It was deeelish! Service - You have to grill it yourself but it's easy & pretty fun. They change the grill often and check up on you frequently! Price - It was about $35/person, Worth every penny! I'm not a big fan of BBQ and I realized that it was because of the lack of variety (in an order since usually you'd order like 1/2 a lb or a lb of a certain type of meat). But I started to like it after eating at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ and I definitely would want to go back there.
I'm not pleased with how they organized their hosts and seating arrangements. First off, the 5-minute wait is acceptable if we have no reservations. But once we are about to go up to the table, then you tell us we only have 30-minutes to an hour to eat. I find that unreasonable because the hosts did not tell us before hand while we were deciding to wait or not. Aside from the hosts today not being clear and having to turn away and find somewhere else to eat, my previous visits have been delightful in their grand opening days; wonderful, attentive waiters who gave us the best service they could with so many other busy tables during the happy hours. Our waiter had given us wonderful recommendations and we definitely enjoyed the meal even if our group of four had to empty out our pockets. ^^;Although i'll be a return customer definitely, I sure hope they train their hostesses a little better.
Nothing like grilling your own food! Spicy tuna, chilli soy wings, and the addicting spicy cucumbers are just..... out of the world (I'm salivating just thinking about it). The meat (sorry vegetarians and vegans) -- but the meat is also fresh! Have really good flavors... My favorites are: Yaki Shabu Beef Sweet Soy, the Harami Secret Pot and the premium​ Sirloin​ Garlic! To top it off, you can make your own Smores ---
Tastes so good! Fast service, no wait, will come back. Cute waitress too haha. Drinks were okay, wish had more taste and punch! I got the lychee lemonade and miso ramen! So freaking good . P.s chili dumplings amazing!. Noise level was high but it was very busy
I've come here twice now and the first time had a really great experience and the second time a pretty good (but sort of odd) experience. There may have been an opening event the first time I came but there was a set meal for two that offered a variety of marinated beef that was all really tasty. It comes with s'mores at the end and was very affordable. We also came during happy hour so drinks were half off! The value and quality of the food during the weekdays is really good, so if you're available to go on a weekday that's best! I've heard all you can eat can get pricey at dinner time. The second time we came was also during happy hour. We ordered a 150 ml carafe of hot sake for around 4-5 dollars during happy hour. It never came out even after the waitress told us it was coming after about 10 minutes and our appetizers had been served, I asked her again and she said she'd check, then came back and said they didn't have any more that day. I told her it was okay, but she recommended a very pricey bottle instead that was 20 dollars even during happy hour. We ordered an alternative that was a little less expensive but felt like the interaction was odd. The food comes out and we start grilling - no complaints here, everything was good again. Toward the end, a manager comes over and introduces himself and asks us if we're enjoying everything. We said we were okay and had liked everything. He prodded us a little and asked us if we were sure (??) and to let him know if there was anything.We left feeling like the food was good, but the service felt a little uncomfortable. We would try it again though as we had a good time the first time we came.
We had such a great time at this restaurant! I'm blown away the food was absolutely delicious and fresh. Great spot for a date night or a night out with friends. Our server was very friendly and helped us pick out all of our food. We started with the tuna volcano sushi and the Japanese fried wings AMAZING. Then we got the premium steak and this delicious rice. At the end of our visit the manager visited us and made us feel at home. We will definitely be back!
Service is good and food is good. Drinks are happy hour $5. Great.  But the food at the end of it getting the combo I have a salty after taste in my mouth. Everything good just a bit salty. Only give a three star because it a bit salty. But everything else is great. Good place for group or date. Got the kobe combo it's great but have to say again for my taste bud it's salty
One Word. HOT. The food. GREAT. The Service. EXCELLENT. My partner and I were craving Japanese BBQ and we were Anti-Manhattan so we made our way to Flushing. Little did we know that they had just recently opened, but to our surprise, it was running so smoothly that it felt as if it had been there for years. My recommendation is to make a reservation as we had to wait roughly 40 minutes. The place is not large, but they did a great job of making it feel roomie. We were greeted by our waiter who was excellent. He was super attentive and gave us the full experience. We reviewed the menu and rather than order the set, we ordered a la carte. For Appetizers, we were the spicy dumplings and the spicy tuna volcano. The dumplings were good and the sauce that covered it was great! The spicy tuna volcano was also pretty good though it seemed pretty standard. As for the BBQ, we got a ton of different meats and veggies and went to town. Meats marinated nicely and everything tasted so fresh. Many of the other waiters checked in on us which we loved along with the manager. It was a Friday night when we got there and we noticed that all the guys were really good looking. We hit the JACKPOT. We left so satisfied. Will definitely be back.Grade: A
New spot in Flushing for some self grilled meats.  3.5 StarsThis place is on the 2nd floor on the corner of Main street and 41st street.  It is not handicap accessible, there's about 3 flight of stairs.  If you are visiting with elderly folks or people with handicap, I would think twice before visiting.As a regular fan of Korean BBQ, the meat here tasted more flavorful since they marinate it, so it really depends on what you're in the mood for.Made a reservation for 8:45pm Friday, however when my group got there we had to wait about 15 minutes.  Host at the front was apologetic, however I was hungry!After my table was seated, the waitress explained the items on the menu and was very helpful.  Since my table made it for happy hour (9pm - closing daily), we opted to order a set for two, and ton of meats from the happy hour items.  Not all items qualify for happy hour, so I guess the cheaper cuts of meats had happy hour prices, which was still decent.The meat were marinated well and needs about 50 seconds - 1.5 minutes depending on how rare or well you want it cooked on the grill.  Vegetables in foil packages takes about 2 minutes per side.  The garlic marinated beef was probably the best tasting in my opinion.  The miso soup that came with the set was super salty.  I had to tell the manager that they added too much salt when he came around asking how is everything.  He gave me another miso soup to test out and it was better.  The waitress changed our grills often between each meat when it became charred black.  The fried rice was made table side and that tasted pretty good.  Spicy Tuna Volcanos tasted good, but the rice was on the harder side.Mixed drinks were on the sweeter side.  I ordered a peach sunset and it seems like they added too much syrup and no enough alcohol.  After the meal was done, the manager offered a choice of ice cream on the house since we had to wait for our table even though we had reservations.  My group of 5, and they only brought 4 green tea ice cream.  That didn't make sense, maybe cause one of the person in my table was a child, but still...it would've made sense to give us 5 desserts.
Something different than your average restaurants in Flushing. We came in a group of 6, so it made sense for us to get the set for 6. Had to say the variety was great but the portion was just alright. Each of us averaged to two pieces per dish. We ordered extra things from the menu too but most of us still didn't feel full. My favorite was definitely the s'mores. It was so cute and you get to make it yourself. :)4 Stars: The set included appetizers, entrée, and desserts. & Since you cook it yourself, you get to control how you want your beef to be. However, 4 stars, mostly because the customer service was phenomenal. It is difficult to find staffs that are so welcoming and attentive to your needs. Our server, Brandon was great. He really shared his insights about what he liked and what he didn't really liked. He even mentioned to us what sauce was more popular etc. I thought was pretty neat. Usually staffs just tell you what is good which sometimes just sounds like mere advertisement. Dishes off the table quickly, waters were refilled without being asked, and kept up with all our needs. Overall, the experience was pretty good. Keep up the good work! Can possibly improve on the portion size? Tip: Get drinks during happy hour. ^^ 9PM - Closing.
Ordered the Shogun off the Happy Hour menu for my party of 6. We ordered some additional plates of meat and shrimps. Definitely a place for meat lovers. Everyone were satisfied with the food. I don't eat any beef so the only things I ate were the chicken and shrimps. I ended up eating a lot of the salad, apps, and rice. They change the grill very often so your food doesn't get charred. The manager seems attentive and goes around to ask how her patrons are doing and asks for suggestions on any improvements they need to make. Overall, we had a great dinner with great service.
I love this place. Get the Kobe and Wagyu. It's a bit pricey but SO worth it, the meat melts in your mouth. Service was EXCELLENT!!Thank you Kay for being an awesome server!  It's also really hard to find places with REAL Wagyu beef imported from Japan. If you're in flushing and craving some A+ quality meat - this is your spot.
This was one of my favorite place to eat at. The environment and service was really good. Everybody was really friendly and the food was amazing.
Amazing service & food, and Dennis and Eric are stand out workers. We came in last week during the snowstorm and they were clearly understaffed but Eric handled his tables and the bar flawlessly. He still made sure to keep his numerous patrons beyond happy. We also came in yesterday and witnessed a situation at the bar. Dennis handled the entire thing with poise and professionalism. I was amazed with his demeanor throughout the time. Can't stop raving about the staff here!
As someone living in Auburndale, you can imagine my excitement upon learning that this place opened up on Flushing Main Street. It's awesome being able to enjoy yakiniku without having to make my way down all the way out to Manhattan!While I was originally excited to go in for the yakiniku fun, I found myself going in more and more for the bar specials. If I'm by myself I usually go for the $14 bar special, which allows you to choose to appetizers from a plentiful list, as well as either a beer or a small carafe of hot sake. If you're light weight though, that small carafe is probably all you need and will last you for a while, so this is the deal for you! I tend to go for their addicting cabbage, which believe me, lives up to the "addicting" in its name. On top of that I go for the spicy tuna poke and my hot sake carafe and bam!, one awesome 14 dollar treat!I'm also a big fan of their cocktails! Every time I go in I like trying a new one off their creative menu. Up till now my favorite has been the Patron Margarita, refreshing and the bartender Phyllis (awesome at her job!) made it nice and sour for me. I'll keep adding to this review as I try more of their cocktails as well as other appetizers on the bar menu, but up till now I've been happy with my experience here! Part of what makes my experience so fun every time is that without the staff. Dennis and Phyllis, two of the bartenders are super easy to talk to and go out of their way to provide exceptional service. Eric and Alan are also lots of fun to talk to when they're not super busy running around (which will likely be the case since this place is pretty popular!). The staff is definitely why this place is a 5/5 to me and I hope to keep seeing this place staffed by lovely individuals as long as it's around :)Food・Addicting Cabbage: actually addicting. Don't believe me? Try it and see!・Spicy Tuna Poke: Sadly as is the case with spicy fish, the wonderful tones of the raw fish become muddled. Depending on the chef the presentation varies a lot, too.・Fried Chicken (Karaage): not bad, though also not the best I've had. The sauce helps though!・Seaweed Salad: love this one!・Edamame: edamame. (For me that's a good thing LOL)・Sukiyaki Beef Bibimbap: Filling, but aside from that, it doesn't really stand out in terms of flavor.・Hakusai Kimchi: pretty standard kimchi, which again, for me is a good thing.Spicy Tuna Volcano: looked cool, tasted a bit bland.Steamed Chili Shrimp Dumplings: Pretty standard as far as dumplings go. Not nearly as spicy as they might look.Overall, if you're here for food, I'd recommend sitting at a table as opposed to at the bar. Remember: there is no yakiniku at the bar due to the fact that the grills are only at the regular tables. Cocktails・Patron Margarita: patron silver, triple sec, lime. I went with the classic flavor option and was not disappointed. One of my faves from Gyukaku.・Geisha Girl: vodka, malibu, peach pucker, orange. Easy to drink, leaning more towards the sweet side but not too sweet.・Tokyo Tea: vodka, rum, gin, tequila, midori (melon liquor), triple sec, sour, sprite. I liked it, but not enough to order it over the margarita or mojito. Def packs a punch!・Forbidden Punch: captain morgan's, pomegranate, grenadine, apple pucker, orange, pineapple. Way too sweet for me, but if you've got a sweet tooth you'll probably enjoy it. Kinda tasted like Kool Aid LOL・Bombay Martini: bombay, dry vermouth. Channeling my inner 007, got mine shaken, not stirred lol! The strongest drink I've had from this place. Not for the faint of heart.・Mango Mai Tai: White rum, dark rum, triple sec, pineapple, mango purée. Yummy, but a bit too sweet for my tastes.・Mojito: so goodPoint: during happy hour, all cocktails fall within the $5 dollar range. Score!
Our waiter, Wen, was the highlight of our meal. He was always checking up on our table, making sure our waters were filled, and was super friendly. We had happy hour drinks and ordered a la carte. Our favorites were the Harami Miso Steak and the chicken thighs. The Spicy Tuna Volcanos were awesome as well. I'll definitely be back to this location! It is smaller than the ones in the city, so if you have a large group, try to make a reservation.
Dammmmmmmmn. This place is the bees knees and then some. Actually feels like you're in Manhattan and not in Flushing. The plave is tucked away across from Starbucks so it can be easy to miss but you'll know once you climb the stairs and get that smell of sweet sweet barbeque.Started off with drinks at the bar before our 9pm reservation (and definitely get some for weekends - the place was packed). It's happy hour from 9 to midnight so our cocktails were $5. Strong and um...CHEAP.Then it was meal time. The menu is extensive and could be intimidating, but our server was kind enough to explain everything. Definitely recommend getting one of the set menus or going a la carte. We opted for picking all the items separately and pretty much dish was a hit. Appetizers - spicy tuna volcano, cucumber, seaweed saladEntrees - shio ramen, beef sukiyaki bibimbapMeat - kobe, kalbi, garlic beef, pork + assorted veggiesDefinitely come hungry and be ready to eat like royalty. For the GF and I, this feast came out to $80 total and it felt like a steal. Want to keep this place our little secret but that'd just be greedy. Definitely coming back!
One day as I was going home from Main St and waiting for my bus, I looked up and there I saw the letters: Gyu-kaku. I was overjoyed at the thought that Japanese BBQ specialist Gyu-kaku was opening because I know they're good.As of this review, they are only in soft opening mode meaning they take reservations only. If you walk-in, it'll be hard to get a seat since there everything is made to grill table side, there isn't much leeway for those without reservations. Since it was a family dinner and a first-time, we decided to go for the pre-set "Gyu-kaku" set with five starters & sides, six BBQ items, and s'mores for dessert. The fried shrimp dumplings had a a beautiful golden crispy exterior and the shrimp inside was seasoned well. The gyu-kaku salad is refreshing with a sweet tangy dressing which works with the bitterness of the salad greens and cherry tomatoes. For the BBQ items, come in two batches, or that's what is supposed to happened. We received four at once: the bistro hanger steak miso, garlic shoyu rib eye, premium sirloin garlic, and New York steak strip garlic. Out of those four, the standout is the bistro hanger steak miso with the perfect amount of meat to fat ratio and umami-packed. Combine it with the any of the three sauces available: sweet soy, ponzu (my favorite!), or spicy plus rice and that really makes a sensational bite worth having again and again.Unfortunately, there were some service issues. Our table was cleared about after we grilled the first four BBQ items. What we realized after that was that we did not get the last two items and the miso soup for the sides. So we had to reset. Our server was a bit frazzled and apologized for the problems. Due to that we actually got the s'mores for free and because my mom really wanted the Xango fried banana cheesecake with ice cream, we also got that as a complementary item. The manager also apologized at the end of the meal for the delay time between the BBQ items.As a former KTV bar, you can see the layout of how it was then but they've done great job with making the space look like a signature Gyu-kaku with the medium dark wood and grill tables. Aside from service kinks that will hopefully be resolved, Gyu-kaku Flushing is a great addition to the neighborhood. Happy eating and remember: Don't deny, satisfy!
AMAZING!!!!!! Seriously ! I had a good time AND the food was great because I cooked it to my liking ! Very hospitable & the manager makes you feel special. Came to our table and made sure we were enjoying ourselves. Our waiter was great and very attentive. The drinks were great, the music was great & the overall vibe was very cool. Definitely will come back & would recommend other people as well. For it only opening in June of 2017 the business is running great !
The best Beef BBQ in Flushing but slow service.  You need to have a reservation otherwise the wait is long for Buffet.
My waiter Eric dared me to eat all my food that I had ordered and I did. THATLL SHOW YOU ERIC! lol JK he was very friendly and a great host.What an amazing establishment!! This was the best all you can eat BBQ experience I ever had. The owner is a genuine person who cares about his staff and quality of food and his customers. I will come back time and time again to have this wonderful experience again!
This place was great we got the Gyu-Kaku for two, lots of food, tasted great.  Happy hour was fun.
Had a friend's birthday dinner here recently. The servers and bartenders were knowledgeable, fun and friendly. The happy hour is great for cheap drinks. The food is outstanding! We didn't want to stop eating. Overall, we all really really enjoyed everything and look forward to returning soon.
Love this spot!It is on the pricey side, but it's definitely worth the money. The ingredients are definitely very fresh.My boyfriend and I came here twice and we always order one of the sets, because it's definitely much more worth it.The place is nice and clean, I would say it would be best to make a reservation, just in case because they don't really have a lot of tables, so to insure that you get a table soon and not have to wait a long time make a reservation.The waiters and waitresses there are very kind and helpful. They are amazing and gives great customer service.
I had dinner tonight at Gyu-Kaku. It was awesome!! From the moment we walked in the door, everyone was just so pleasant. It was actually slightly strange for me. Some servers even bowed as we walked past. It was totally different then experiences I've previously had in restaurants in Flushing. Specifically - The server Danny was GREAT.My friend and I got a wide variety of things: steak, salmon, scallops, shrimp, fried rice, dumplings. Everything was super good and fresh. I would comment that portions aren't the biggest. The dumplings came 3 to an order. The shrimp and scallops came 4 to an order for $9.95 each. I  would need to order quite a few of everything to get full. Although prices don't seem terrible everything does add up.They have happy hour every day from 9pm to close! That's incredible. There were a whole bunch of things that were included in happy hour as well. In summary, I'll be back soon. :)
Best japanese bbq i ever have , i went with my wife for dinner , service super nice and friendly , food come out fast , super tasty food too , we will be back
Maybe if service is better the next time, I'll raise the stars.Food wise no doubt is great! Especially the Kobe variety steak are definitely worth those high dollar amounts. The chicken garlic noodles were mad salty but good texture and flavors. Spicy tuna volcano were actually delicious! They really fried the outer layer (rice) to super crisp! Spicy ahi tuna poke were fresh and nicely flavored, just a bit little for $8.95. Everything else on the premium package is nice but the shrimp garlic is just bland shrimp :/Our server didn't bring our water until we were super thirsty from eating the food (asked multiple times for water beforehand). We waited for awhile every time for the grill plate to be changed. There was stuff in my water :/ But the s'mores in the package helped at the end.Our server seemed like he never serve before or at least with very little experience, I could tell since I was in the business for over 4 years. A busy place like this should hire experienced servers or at least train them well before putting them out to serve multiple tables during peak hours.
I'm in love with the Coco! Their mixed drink, Coco-Mo that is! Couldn't stop ordering these! Their lychee bellini and Tokyo Tea were pretty good too. Service was excellent.  The servers were super attentive and changed our grills as soon as a layer of char was on them.  Every time they placed new meats on our tables, they told us how to grill them and for how long for best taste.  Food was great!  All the meats were fresh and delicious.  Marinated perfectly.  Did I mention the Coco-Mo yet? haha, I'll definitely be coming back.
Excellent service every time I've been here. I love the quality of the meats they offer, as well as the very reasonable prices. The mega mug of Sapporo has to be my favorite thing available as well as the toro beef, which is basically make your own bacon. Has to be one of my favorite asian food restaurants in New York.
The bar area is pretty small but service is fast. Make sure you make a reservations for the dining area because it is pretty small as well (compared to the cooper location) and it gets pretty busy. The service for the tables is fast and good. Didn't get to try the bbq here but the drinks here are good and the cooked foods are as well. Can't go wrong here.
I came here on a friday night with a party of 6 and we got the Meat Lover's which is premade set for 6 people. The beef cuts were definitely the highlight of the course and the lesser favorites were the pork and chicken. Service was good, especially on a busy evening. Our server was pretty cool and informative on happy hours that they had later at night. After buying a couple of drinks, the bill ended up coming out to about $50 per person which is a bit on the pricier side, but overall food, service, and and experience was positive.
I don't know why, but this is really my go to Japanese BBQ jam. I'm a big fan of the East Village location, but I have gone to Times Square several times. East Village has such a good crowd of workers, super chill. Times Square is almost always packed, filled with working individuals and even with reservations, you may have to wait a while to get seated. The attention over at Times Square is not as good as the one in the Village. Happy hour is always the best time to go, but for a difference of a few dollars, it's just a few extra plates of meat. A lot of times, the meats that I love are not even on the happy hour menu, so it's really going for the drinks. The best happy hour item is probably the booze - a bottle of plum wine please !They have the mobile app now where they offer you some specials. I have probably redeemed way too many discounted meals because of this (not a bad thing of course). Refer friends and get bonus points towards your meal where you can redeem for plates of food or $25 off your meal. Feel free to use my Gyu App Referral code: CindyUng7630
The Salad is medium size bowl and taste very good. Not too much dressing. Tofu is very soft to eat.  Beef ave other meats are premium and takes 45 seconds to cook
Damn good all you can eat Japanese BBQ.Came in and did three all you can eat option for $35 and wasn't disappointed. Eric was a great waiter and helped us make sure we knew what we were doing and how to cook the meat properly.Don't miss out on the toro beef.
From the second yu walk through the door the service starts! With greetings, menus,instructions choices,the service was top notch! Our server was 'Palm'super nice guy ,gave us reccomendations. Took pictures for us. Our group was 8 and we celebrated our friends birthday! It was truly a BLAST! Cant eait to go back with  y family..so they too can enjoy a wonderful experience with FOOD!
I was really excited about this place especially since I've been to the one in California I must say I was very happy with the service closest was a sweetheart and our waiter was a gentleman extremely attentive - the Kalbi on the grill was amazing!!!! And the chicken noodles look like it was handmade but I forgot to ask and tasted awesome. Deafly coming back here again
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and I couldn't have found such a gem.  The service is phenomenal.  With it being our first time here out waitress made us feel right at home.  She was really patient with us,  she went over the specials,  recommended some items and made it real easy to order.  The food came out fast and out was delicious.  I will deff will be coming back here in the near future
I love the food and the waiter was super nice. It was most of our group first time here so we weren't sure on what to get and was taking a while picking everything out. The waiter make jokes and was patience through the whole process.
I've been to a Gyu Kaku in the city and remember enjoying the experience there. I came to this location in Flushing with a friend who I haven't seen in over a year and wanted to catch up. The food was okay. The seasoned meats/ seafood all tasted similar and some lacked flavor. My favorite was honestly the corn. The service was overbearing and our conversation was interrupted multiple times. I understand new establishments want feedback from their customers but please let your customers enjoy their dinner and give them some room to breathe.
We always come for the happy hour. Every night from 9 to close drinks are half price and the food is discounted as well. The food is pretty good though you will not be blown out of the water.We usually get the happy hour special and between the two of us we tend to have left overs. You can add in certain dishes (I usually throw in extra veggies). The special comes with some appetizers like dumplings, bacon rinds and a salad. The meats.come out and you get a selection of about 5-6 between beef, pork and chicken. The meat is marinaded before it is brough to you and everything we have tried so far has been great (especially the pork belly). The best part about this place is you leave no smelling like you sat in a smoker for hours. Their grills sucktion all the smoke out, which is a nice change from other BBQ places.At the end we always get s'mores, tho by that time I have had too much food and have no space. Great dinner place if you are out late in the area.
I came here for my birthday and the staff were really nice to me and my friends. They really know how to have fun and the food was amazing. It's really expensive though so unless you have lots of spare money in your wallet try to save before coming.
Was here for dinner on a Thursday night. Not too busy. Very good service and nice atmosphere. One of the more nicer restaurants in flushing.
This place has amazing customer service. I had a good time cooking my shrimp, scallops and veggies. I had the garlic fried rice, shrimp dumplings and fried calamari....everything delicious! This is a great restaurant for dates as well as for families.
Came here with a friend to try this new place out! I only have two complaints. First, the lighting is so dim that its very hard to see if the meat is fully cooked or not. Second, the host that seated us was mumbling. I didnt understand one word he was saying. Food is great. But, I will stick to kbqq instead because of the free side dishes they offer.
This restaurant is open in flushing and finally give myself and my friend a try. The food quaility is good. But the service is not. First, out service is very rush to take our order and without even explaining anything and after drop off the water. When we request the more sauce for the beef, he seems rolling his eyes and unwilling. This is not a good sign for service. I know maybe they have a lot of rude people dine in this location, but please be nice to everyone. I will def not coming back. Better go to the one in the city.
When I heard Gyu Kaku opened up a location flushing I was ecstatic! I frequent Gyu Kaku Times Square but having a location much closer to me meant I could satisfy my cravings without having to leave Queens. I reserved a table for two the day before and arrived 5 minutes early. It's really easy to miss the entrance and once you walk up the stairs you're greeted by a narrow walkway with the bathroom on one side and the hostess stand at the end of the walkway. We waited a good 5 minutes before anyone came downstairs to acknowledge our existence and then were told to wait another 10-15 minutes while they prepared a table for us. I thought the idea or reserving a table was so that I could be seated when I got there. Guess not. One star off. The upstairs space itself is much smaller than other gyu kaku locations and tables were pretty close to each other but it didn't really affect the dining experience. Their lunch menu and happy hour pricing are pretty similar to other locations but the portions were slightly smaller than other locations. Another star off. We ordered a bit too much food and had to take it to go - we ended up having to ask 3 different people for a to-go container 3 times each. Overall quality of the food is good, portion sizes are a bit off, staff was a bit scattered but there's room for improvement. I'll be back, and hopefully it'll match my experience at their other locations in the city.
My fiance and I came here about a month ago. We came around 9pm to try to participate in Happy Hour! We waited about an hour, seated around 10pm.  We ordered 3 veggie dishes and about 5 meat dishes, and smores for dessert. We got some drinks, they were pretty strong. We paid about 50 dollars pp, smores was a great finisher to the meal. The service was above par.
I went this past Sunday and the food was amazing!!! So delish. I never knew that there was Japanese bbq and was so pleasantly surprised. They opened just a few months ago and even better thats its in Queens. Awesome. It was recommended to the fam, so we came. Very nice decor and all staff were super attentive and friendly. The waitress Kay was very nice. It was our first time at the restaurant so a quick description was given on how it is. Thankful for that. We arrived around 4:30pm and it was happy hour for food and drinks until 6pm. Score. My party ordered apps, entrees and drinks. For drinks, we ordered a bottle of sake, a margarita and a lycheetini. Drinks were great. We ordered fried shrimp dumplings and fried calamari for apps. They were so delicious and crispy. We loved it. If you follow Gyu-kaku on facebook or instagram, you get a free order of edamame. Just show the waitress and your order of edamame is on its way. As for our entree selection, we ordered filet mignon, skirt steak, garlic shrimp, scallops, zucchini, brocolli, beef bimipbab and garlic rice. The waitress told us how many minutes each item took on the grill. Now time to bbq on the mini grill in the middle of the table. I was the cook for the night haha. No problem. Each table had a pair of tongs for each person in the party which was great. The flavor on the meat was delish. The veggies were oh so delish both grilled and steamed. As for the rice, both orders came in cast iron bowls steaming and the waiters would mix the rice and portion it for you. Very nice. We made the beef bimipbab very spicy. Wow that was so delicious. As for the garlic rice, my party had to add some sauces to liven the flavor. After the meat was cooked, I went on to cook the seafood. It was so delicious. The shrimp and scallops so yummy. So we were lacking some more meat and we ordered an extra order of filet mignon and to add to it another order of the beef bimipbab. So good and we were so full. No room for more. Another tidbit that the waiter gave us is that if you get the app and sign up, you can receive rewards for every purchase and able to redeem them for free food and a discount on your next visit. Double score. Once you sign up you scan the receipt and there you go, rewards. I could have received smores, which is a popular item, but my party was so full. Definitely next time making room for dessert. I had a great time. Lovely decor and the staff wow. I am definitely going back and now that I know they have a location in Cali I am so there.
We had lunch special BBQ which includes salad, miso soup, rice and two choices of meats for 10.99.  Some meats choices cost two or three dollars extra.  But I think it's still a good deal.  They offer lunch special on weekday before 3pm.  Two of us tried Kalbi, Harami, hanger steak and Yagi shabu beef, and our favorite were Harami and hanger steak.  There were three different kinds of BBQ sauces on the table, but some of the meats marinaded well and adding sauce may be too salty.  Try them without sauce first.
We had a fun evening and the food was very good. If you order a la carte, you may risk your entire order coming down at once. Good to communicate In order not to have multiple dishes in front of you.
This is one of my favorite Korean bbq restaurant.  While it is pricey $$$  it is worth it. While I frequent the midtown Manhattan location most of the time, the flushing location did not disappoint. It is located on the second floor of a building.  The entrance is on a side street,  not main street.  The receptionist was friendly and professional.  The bar area is very small. As well,  all in all the entire place is a bit small for my taste but the food and especially staff more than made up for the discomfort of the seating area.  We chose the $130 group menu for 4 and added 2 avocado( $7) salads with our meal.  Everything on the menu, with a few exceptions, was delightful.  The server will bring out your menu items and turn the burner on for you to cook the meat.  You are provided with three choice of sauce; tangy,  sweet and spicy. There is sea salt available but you must ask for it.  All of the meats were fresh and tender.  I especially enjoyed the kolbi steak which was super tender and mouth watering.  The miso soup was very bland and the duck was not to my liking.  It had a gammy taste to it.  To drink I ordered a ginger ale (free refills)  and for dessert I had the crepe and vanilla ice cream ($12)(the menu included smores for dessert) .  The crepes were light and fluffy and the ice cream was a perfect companion. The only cons are the decor,  small space and parking.  We parked on prince street and paid $12 for two hours.  There is a parking garage on main street for $1 less.  Make sure to make a reservation as far in advance as possible,  they like all the other locations fill up quickly.  Special shout out to Danny one of the best waiters I've had.  He was professional, courteous, quick and very pleasant!
I have been to the cooper square location and had a great experience, so my girlfriend and I decided to give this location a try. We made reservations and we got seated true to our reservation. Our waiter, Eric, was very attentive throughout our meal up until all the meat was grilled. We ordered the premium meal for two, which came with dessert. We never got our dessert and when I tried to find Eric to get the bill, he was busy waiting his other table. I get that it just turned happy hour, but he did not come check up on us once for 30 minutes. We had to wave down another waiter to get our bill, and that took another 15 minutes. If not for another waiter, Jeremy, apologizing profusely, I would've given this location a lower rating. Oh...and we were promised that our dessert was coming, but that didn't happen....
Amazing food, and great service. Our server taught us how to properly cook our meat and Both Managers even did table touches and one of them even sang happy birthday to me. And it wasn't one of those fake birthday songs that people dread to do, this was an actual cheerful birthday song. Everyone was actually smiling and seemed so into. Great service and great staff. Deff would be coming here again.
Came here for happy hour with a party of 10 for a friend's birthday. I already made reservations so the seating process was quick and easy. My girlfriend and I got the $70 Premium set and our whole table got around ~8 Sapporo pitchers ($14 during HH). I've been here many times and the meat is always so fresh, flavorful, and delicious. The beer draft is also very refreshing and compliments the meats very well. Definitely recommend coming here during Happy Hour for the food or just drinks!After we left the restaurant, we realized that the waiter charged my order incorrectly for the Premium set; they charged each item separately (the rest of the table's check was correct). I called the restaurant the next morning and explained to the manager what was incorrect and he offered me back the difference and cash and an extra gift card on top for the inconvenience.
Absolutely delicious. Went on short notice and had no problems getting a reservation. Parking in the area is a little difficult but nothing unexpected for NY.  Hostess was fast and friendly getting us to our table and the service was great. Eric was our server and he did an outstanding job of explaining the menu and the way the restaurant works. We ordered the meat lovers and it was a TON of food for 2 people.  This will be a regular stop on my trips to NY.
I don't understand all the rave reviews. We came here on a Saturday night and were so disappointed by the experience! You can barely see the meat you are cooking because it's so dark and it too FOREVER for our meat to arrive. They give you very small portions of meat! My poor kid got very sick after eating from here. She had a stomach ache the whole night after dinner and vomited three times the day after. Never again will I come to this place.
GREAT PLACE!! I would totally recommend to anyone looking for a self grill restaurant. The service was impeccable changing the grill after every round of food made to help prevent burning. The meat was fresh, delicious and so easy to cook. There were very clear instructions and if you ever had a question they would come right away. Although this place is a little expensive they have many deals and a reward system with points. I would 1000% recommend this restaurant.
It was my cousin's last night in NY so dinner was a must.  It was a Saturday night so I knew it would be busy. I made reservations at 9:45pm. The food and drinks were amazing and well priced. Learned they have happy hour everyday even the weekends which is alway a plus.  The waiter we had the pleasure of having named Alan was great.  He was very energetic and had great recommendations. He was very detailed oriented describing how to cook different meats which I learned through experience make a difference. Monday through Thursday all you can eat for $35. Yup I'll be back!!
I've been here many times and the service and food has always been wonderful. My favorites are the shishuto peppers, fried bacon chips, and sukiyaki bibimbop. Gyukaku has not once disappointed me and I will continue coming here. Love you gyukaku.
I go almost every week dude, mostly on weekdays around 9:00 pm for the happy hour dealx.. Japanese BBQ, Sake and Beer...  Can't go wrong.
I was so excited when flushing gyu kaku opened because I loveeee gyu kaku! However,Food- Significantly smaller portions & less flavorful, prices are definitely more expensive compared to Manhattan locations. Was really disappointed. In terms of my favorite, Sukiyaki Bibimbap... definitely not even comparable to the Manhattan locations, doesn't taste the same, the texture is so different. The spicy tuna volcano is also not as good. Service- This is why I still gave them 3 stars. Excellent service from our servers, very attentive& provided a very energetic environment which made my dining experience great. However, would prefer a little less energy so my dining session isn't interrupted by "do you need something?" Overall, 6/10 would come back again
Good Japanese bbq. Servers are nice, the hostess was nice. Meat is fresh, good quality
Omg finally Flushing has a place serving quality food! I've been to Guy-kaku in the city before but definitely didn't receive the same hospitality that I received tonight here at the flushing location. Our server Eric was so kind and wonderful. The food is mind blowing as usual. The environment is very chilled and music is amazing. It's a great place for group events, as well as date nights!
We spotted this location a few weeks ago and it got me all excited! I've never been to Gyu-Kakus in the city but I've loved dining at locations in SoCal. I called and inquired about reservations around 6 pm on Father's Day and was told the earliest reservation they had was 9:15 pm with a 9:30 pm last call and a 10 pm closing. My husband said to go for it so we did.We're still not very familiar with the area so I looked up parking ahead of time. We knew that from before, it's mostly parallel parking with heavy pedestrian traffic. My husband would rather pay to park in a lot and be done with it than search for cheaper street parking. The closest lot I found was on 136-18 41st Ave.This location is located on the second floor; I didn't see any elevators. You come to an initial landing where the hostess' podium and restrooms are. Then up another flight of stairs to where the bar and main dining areas are situated. The hostesses offered for us to sit at the bar while we waited since we arrived early. The lychee-tini, mango lemonade, and Asahi were on point. You could order food at the bar as well but we opted out.Service everywhere was great, including from our server Chris. He knew the menu well, which is great when you have a particular husband and a kid with tons of food allergies. We requested plain chicken for my daughter and when it came out sprinkled with sesame seeds (she's allergic), they were quick to apologize and fix it right away. We initially ordered the mixed veggies for our daughter assuming they'd be plain, but they'd all been marinated in shoyu (she has a wheat allergy as well) so we just ate them ourselves. Pretty much all of the meat is marinated so if you have a wheat allergy, I'd say you'll probably have a bland time. We also ordered the French fries. Husband wasn't a fan of the dipping sauce it came with. I liked it - reminded me a little of kewpie mayo. The bowls of plain rice were more generous than I thought. One would've been enough to split between me and our kid. We got our first order of food around 9:37 pm so I was worried about missing last call already, but Chris reassured us that it wouldn't be a problem ordering more food again soon. My daughter has a beef allergy as well (I know, I know - eating out with us is so fun). We try to stay away from places where you grill your own meat because ventilation is poor sometimes and her eczema flares up; however, we had absolutely no problems at this particular Gyu-Kaku. Her skin didn't get worse, everything had been wiped down clean, and us parents enjoyed a nice dinner.My husband's only gripe is that he can probably devour a whole cow by himself so the cost to serving size ratio hurts his feelings. He ordered a beef sukiyaki bibimbap to fill himself up. We downloaded the Gyu-Kaku app for rewards points because we'll definitely be back.
I felt welcomed by their service. The waiters came to check on us pretty often, explained the menu clearly and honestly. We ordered Kobe beef, beef tongues, multiple veggies, chicken, steak, etc. we also had rice and noodles for carbs. The food was very tender and juicy, and it tasted fresh. After the meal the manager showed up and greeted us. As customers, you will feel very valued there. Thanks for the great service!
Came here last night with a reservation for 2 at 7:30pm. Since Gyu-Kaku just opened, it was very busy. Definitely make a reservation! Once I checked in at the landing area, I was told that the table was finishing up and there was a little wait. I told them no worries, and my heavily pregnant friend sat down on the bench while we waited. Shortly after, another hostess came over and ask my friend if we wanted to wait upstairs instead since it was cooler and she didn't want my friend to get jostled by the people waiting. Once upstairs near the bar area, we were offered waters as we waited for our table to open up. We ordered a la carte instead of the combo deals because we wanted different things. Below is a run down of our order. - Lychee lemonade - i'd pass, didn't taste like lychee at all, more like watered down lemonade. - Virgin lychee bellini - my friend said it just tasted like Sprite.- Virgin mango mai tai - No mango taste. - French fries with cod caviar sauce - fries were hot and crispy. We weren't big fans of the sauce, and they don't have ketchup - only hot sauce. - Pork sausage fried rice - a Japanese take on dolsot bimbimbap? Portion was generous, watch out though, we didn't realized but this is a spicy dish. - Kobe style kalbi short rib - good, but our portion seemed a bit cartilage-y, like it was tougher than usual. - Harami miso skirt steak - good flavor, we would get again. - Kalbi short rib (regular) - we had this after the kobe style so we didn't think it was as good. Good if you don't want to pay double the price for Kobe style. - Japanese pork sausage - just okay, we were expecting it to be more like the ones from the skewers cart, but it was leaner and saltier. Comes with a side of mustard for dipping. -Miso cod fish - delicious, but i accidentally cooked it too long. Comes with a mushroom in it too.- Corn - the garlic-y butter sauce is so good! We kept dipping our fries in the sauce afterwards. It comes in tin ramekins and you cook it by putting it on the grill until the butter starts to bubble. The corn is more like Korean corn, which is chewier than american sweet corn.- Garlic button mushrooms - good, pretty generic. The mushrooms are salt and peppered before wrapped in foil. For the cons, the day we went, we were seated next to a big family with two VERY loud kids who kept screaming, yelling, and playing for much of our meal. We couldn't really hear ourselves talk because the kids were so loud and out of control. Sad part is the adults didn't do anything to calm them down. Our waitress was also super nice, but a little forgetful,which we understand because it was a full house. We had to hunt down a couple of servers for waters which didn't come until halfway through the meal and they forgot to give us bowls for the rice. Overall, it was a good experience and I would go back again. Only wish that they had the happy hour specials that their Manhattan locations have.
Got a seat for two on a crowded Saturday night after a long wait (~40min) and a decent mai-tai from the bar. We ordered two specials, the miso in love and the shrimp and mushroom, as well as some galbi. The shrimp and mushroom came on a small pan that you put on the grill, and it tasted great, with an Italian style due to the olive oil and pesto. The miso in love had 3 different meats, of which the thinner one was the best. The rest of the meat was okay, but the marinade didn't really sink in as much because the meats were thicker. Service was great though, and they would switch off the grill grate almost every time we cooked a set of meats. Would definitely go back again at a less crowded time, but only for the thinner meats/specials.
Shoutout to Charles, Ian, Phyllis, and Waan for making this a great night!Recommendations: Fries w/ Cod Caviar, Garlic Shrimp, Garlic Noodles, Ribeye, and Yaki-shabu Beef. Like their page on Facebook for free edamame!Disclaimer: I'm still coming down from the high of knowing this is finally open, so please excuse the over-the-top excitement & super long review. I called on a whim to check if they were open and huzzah! Opening for 4 for 8pm on the same day. A miracle (especially when I walked in and realized just how long the wait was for walk-ins).I am so, so thrilled that Gyukaku Flushing has finally opened. I'm a regular at Gyukaku Cooper Square (so much so that the bartenders recognize me, oh dear), and now that I've moved away from the city, Gyukaku tops the list of things I miss about living in East Village. I'll start with the bad: I'm going to chalk this up to the soft opening struggles, but portions were markedly smaller for the prepared/ cooked food (appetizers and noodles). This was very noticeable in the Garlic Noodles, Spicy Tuna Volcano, and Fries w/ Cod Caviar. The noodles and fries were fully half of the portion I'm used to, and the volcano was missing about half the usual amount of spicy tuna. That said, it IS their soft opening, and they were super, super crowded. If they were a little short on ingredients I can understand. Same goes for the time it took to bring out the food. Did I mention they were REALLY crowded?Now for the good: the food! Everything was delicious, despite the smaller portions for prepared/cooked food. The rice in the volcano was crispy and perfectly cooked, and the meats were well marinated and seasoned. The managers Charles and Ian were running around like chickens with their heads cut off, but they still found time to check in and make sure I knew to let them know once my full party arrived. Phyllis, you make a mean Villagers Iced Tea! Waan, our server, was very sweet and changed our grill often. All in all, I had a great time! My recommendations are above, and I look forward to coming back. (:
Very excited for this place because it's close to home. This place is amazing! We ordered Meat Lovers for 6 people. It was more than enough. Their fried calamari is better than other places I've tried because it's easy to chew. Unlike kbbq, you cook the meat yourself. They have a grill guide to show you how many mins you should cook it. Their meat & shrimp are super fresh and delicious. They have a very friendly staff & made sure to change your grill whenever necessary. Their combos usually comes with s'mores but you should also try their desserts. Out of their desserts, their mochi is the best. It comes with Thai tea, strawberry, vanilla & matcha flavor. Their lava ice cream and fried banana ice cream were also good too. The fried banana ice cream was very crispy. Will def come back!
Amazing! Everything from the food, drinks, atmosphere, to the hospitality is amazing. A friend introduced me a few months ago and I'm starting to feel like a regular.  I visit during their late happy hour after 9pm where some food items are discounted and all drinks -cocktails, beer, wine, hard liquor, sake, etc- are half off. I sometimes call for a reservation but never end up needing one, the longest wait has been maybe 15 minutes. Ironically, I don't eat red meat but there are great poultry, seafood, vegetable, and appetizer alternatives. There hasn't been one thing on the menu, BBQ item or "Ready To Eat" that I haven't found delicious. They're very meticulous in changing the grill and making sure the fire is low or off when not being used.The music is trendy and on point and the cocktails have a good ratio of alcohol. Speaking of which I actually sent the Forbidden Punch back for being too sweet. I rarely send items back and dread the explanation part but the manager was extremely understanding. He apologized and without hesitation asked what I'd like in its place; I was stunned. So here are my recommendations and tips for an even better time at Gyu. Happy hour is all day at the bar, that includes the bar menu for food and you can order dessert here (not the s'mores). The Shrimp Garlic is a bestseller for a reason and you can't go wrong with it. The Spicy Tuna Volcano is great and so is the Chicken Garlic Noodles. My go-to drink is the Mango Mai-Tai. Download their app, rack up points and claim free food, an incentive that made me come back more often than I thought I would.
First of all service here is not only amazing, its very quick. Our server Eric didnt feel like a server the whole time, he felt like a friend thats how great he was. Quality of food is excellent and its hard to find a meat that was below delicious. Definitely coming back seeing how great the experience was.
Love love love this place. The cuts if the meat are so good, quality meat. Both times I've gone, I've been seated at the front but it looks huge and has many seatings. This place is fun for groups or a nice date. Also download their app and get in on their point redemption system. You can get free items or dessert!
My boyfriend and I were recommended to try this place and loved it. We sat by the bar with the nicest bartender, Philys. She was so helpful and entertaining. We took advantage of the bar special with two appetizers and a Sapporo beer dinner we were in a rush to finish our shopping trip . We are making plans to return and trying out the BBQ selection . For appetizer we recommend the dumplings, calamari and the salmon volcano.
They do not honor reservations, food is good but not 30 minutes over on top of a reservation. Just get rid of reservations if it cannot be fulfilled.
Happy hour with Phyllis is awesome.  Great sweet bartender who looks you out even moments after last call. Lost of fun best calamari.
After coming here for the first time tonight I must say.. Out of all the NYC locations (except for white plains which I just found about lol) this is my favorite location so far! (sorry midtown). The servers were all super nice especially Koyo (sorry if I butchered your name). Everybody was on point with clearing of the tables, taking orders, explaining how to cook the food and just great customer service. Also loved the ambiance, the music was great usually they play elevator music in other gyukakus with the exception of the times Square location that is too loud for my taste. The bartenders did a great job because I've been drinking gyukaku lychee-tinis for YEARS (see my prior yelp reviews) and this lychee-tini was the best one I've tasted yet! It was PERFECT. Eric was great too! Very friendly! The manager at one point came and poured us water which I thought was great, it shows its a team effort. I also loved that they had the all you can eat option. I hope that sticks around. I will DEFINITELY come back here and recommend this location. So happy I now have one close to home and I don't have to travel to the city. I had a great night!
Location - 3/5 The entrance wasn't exactly easy to find and there are stairs when you walk in. The place in general was pretty small and dim. Food - 4/5 We went during happy hour but too be frank the pricing isn't that much different if you don't go during that time. It's maybe 2-3 dollars more... Because it is a DIY grill the quality of the food is moreover in your control. For the most part the quality in the food was great, but for a 2 person serving it didn't really get us full. Service 3/5 - Everyone was very polite and explained how long to cook everything. However I wished they came in to check in on us more frequently and offered us water from the beginning or refilled our drinks when it was running low. If you live nearby and crave BBQ you could come here. But parking is still as difficult to find in other locations and expect to order more even with the combos.
Had so much fun here, our server Danny was very nice and informative, everyone was friendly and attentive never had an issue getting a waiter over for anything. Food was good with the exception of one meat we ordered that was very chewy. (Don't remember the name). Over all everything was great! Would return. Also it's in a very convenient location.
Came to this location for the first time. I usually go to midtown. Let me tell you... I've been missing out! This location is way better, the staff is amazing! Everyone is so friendly and helpful. The restaurant is so clean. The manager Denise is beyond nice. They welcome you when you come in and everyone says have a nice day when you leave. The food is amazing and they have a all you can eat option for $35 a person!! Can't get any better than that. Love love love. Must go back.
It's been a long time since I've had service as good as we had at Gyu-Kaku. Rating is attributed mostly to that, though food was very good. Overall: We came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, on a Tuesday night around 5:00 p.m., were sat right away and seated in a nice cozy booth meant for four. We've been to a table grill restaurant before in Flushing, but this was by far the most clean and upscale we've found to date. The booths are spacious and situated with ample space from other booths, so for a New York location, it feels almost luxurious. We ordered right away and for those that order the all-you-can-eat menu there is **one very important point to consider: You will be charged EXTRA if you DON'T finish all the food you order.** This was a bit confusing for us in the beginning as we thought when our server Amy explained the guidelines, we thought she was giving us the normal all-you-can-eat spiel (you can't take home what you don't eat), but we somehow missed the point that you will be charged for food you order, but don't eat. Jackie, our server who took over, explained this to us when we had several slices of meat still left to be grilled when we asked for our check. So, just be advised, if you order all-you-can-eat, you will be charged for the food you order, but don't cook -- so make sure you gauge your hunger before you order that last round of food. The caveat to this is you won't be charged for the cooked food you might leave on your plate. This is all to discourage food waste for very nice cuts of meat, among other reasons. (All these details are printed on the menu in small print on the page preceding the all-you-can-eat choices.)Food: We ordered the Ultimate all-you-can-eat menu and weren't disappointed. For our appetizer we ordered the spicy tuna volcano -- not bad, the tuna could have used a bit more seasoning (it was kind of bland), but overall it was good. We also ordered the Japanese fried chicken, perhaps a bit too dry for us, but the dipping sauce made up for it, and the steamed chili shrimp dumplings, which were good standard dumplings. For the main course our favorites were the filet mignon ponzu, bistro hangar steak miso, New York strip steak, Harami miso skirt steak and Angus beef rips sweet soy. We also got the pork belly, both to grill (pork belly white soy) and over rice (chashu bowl), neither of which were particularly noteworthy. I also feel like the sauce choices on the table were good: ponzu, soy and spicy/sweet, but that there is the possibility for a more delectable, perhaps house-made dipping sauce that could be added. Something savory like a combo made from soy, sesame oil, vinegar, garlic and ginger that would be easy to make in the kitchen would be a great addition. Service: Service here hands down was absolutely review-worthy. Jackie, our server for the majority of the evening was everything you would want in someone helping you enjoy your dining experience. For starters, he was incredibly attentive. One of the things I like is when a server squats down when talking to a table so that they inhabit the same seating level as their guests -- and when Jackie made that small gesture, it was just one small thing among many he did that showed his care and interest in making sure we got the best service. He always made sure to change our grill top after each round of cooking. He had recommendations to offer, was always good about instructing us cooking times and meat placement on the grill, and never let our drinks completely finish before asking if we needed a refill. One of the sweetest gestures -- and the mark of really skilled server -- was when he read my mind. I casually brought up it was my boyfriend's birthday, but I never asked for a dessert or for any special recognition. Right before our check came out, a group of the serving team, lead by Jackie, came out with ice cream topped with a candle singing happy birthday Gyu-Kaku style. It was such a charming thing to do, and really won us over. Denis, the manager even managed to stop by during the course of our meal to ask us about our dinner and somehow seemed to sense we were first-timers and made us feel incredibly welcome and like our presence there was genuinely appreciated. All in all, we will definitely be back -- their app and customer loyalty system definitely capitalizes on the feel-good experience the restaurant provides -- and when a free appetizer is offered, there's little reason NOT to come back!
The food was excellent and the drinks were so, so good... but the customer service was even better. A friend and I went here for dinner Saturday night. It was freezing outside, so her battery died. We sat in her car for over an hour trying to reach AAA and even trying to get help from people nearby. No one cared. I went back inside the restaurant and spoke to Dennis Wu (an employee). Dennis managed to contact another employee, Jackie Chen, to leave his apartment and help jump start our car.Neither of them didn't have to help, yet they did. People like them often restore my faith in NYC.So if you're in the area, Gyu-Kaku is the place to go.
Two busy eating to take photos - we did not have a reservation and was super sad when we were told we won't be able to be accommodated tonight. We saw a lot of walk in costumers being turn away. Luckily someone called to cancel and we were able to be seated and serve!! We ordered a dinner set for 6 adults for three ladies and were so full afterwards everyone ended up walking home. The waiters were extremely nice and attentive. The food is great, expect the fried chicken is too salty for my taste. I can understand since it's their first month of operation. The waiter was extremely professional and told us they would work on the chicken. Happy costumers, glad we made the trip to flushing for gyu kaku!
VERRRY GOOD, they shout whenever new guests arrive or when the guests are done dining, almost like the ramen restaurant Ipuddo. Makes the whole experience feel more exciting and alive. The food was pretty good, especially the combo bbq package. It really fills you up since there are a variety of appetizers, entrees and dessert. 11/10 would go for round two
The food here is extremely delicious.  The volcano appetizers are amazing, not fishy at all. The meat is perfectly seasoned and the bonus is that you get to grill it as much or as as little as you desire.  The rice with the egg is my favorite, ask for them to let the rice sit in the bowl for a bit- it's makes the rice a little crunchy in certain spots and gives it added flavor and texture. An added bonus- the waiters and waitresses are very attentive!
This is my first time going to Gyu-Kaku in Flushing I had a terrific time. I've been to a few other locations and they live up to the standard the others have in terms of quality of food and service. We made reservations and were seated promptly the server was quick and efficient. After the great food the manager checked on us which was greatly appreciated. I also work in restaurants so I have to give credit where it is due they have a very friendly staff. Thanks will definitely be back!
Great stuff and the happy hour is very well priced. Hard to park but once that's all set, you are golden. Food was great. Happy hour special for the meat was great!Wait staff was phenomenal.
Truly appreciate the atmosphere of this restaurant though I ain't a BBQ lover at all. I never expect the pork belly and steak burnt like the dry jerky then I paid around 40 bucks to leave.
This is most definitely one of my favorite bbq places! We did the premium all you can eat for 45 each. Definitely worth. All the meats were quality and tasted amazing. Service was 110%, our waiter Eric took care of us so well! Would definitely come back again.
All meats are great. Ordered bestseller 1 and 2, beef tongue with scallion souce, and lamb chops. lamb chops lacks flavor but still very tender. spicy ramen is better than expected.bibimbap rice was good, I wish there's some vegetables. And the rice crust was bit too hard to chew.Most importantly, the service at this new location in Flushing is very nice. The waiter took time to explain the menu, how to cook the meat, busy but continued to check on us, and made very knowledgeable recommendations. The manager Dennis also check on all the guests.We are a party of 2, no reservation at 7pm on Wednesday. Waited about 5 minutes before seated.overall, very nice experience and would definitely come back more.
I'm not 100% sure if it's because they just opened and the staff is fresh, but I'm usually a loyal Cooper Square guest where everyone knows my name and who always have my hot sake and mug of Sapporo ready for me. The staff here at Flushing is quite attentive, the space is much smaller than the NYC locations and its located on a second floor. Try to make a reservation ahead of time on busier days like the weekends and if you're driving, make sure to give yourself enough time in advance because parking in this area is still a real pain in the ass. The menus are pretty much the same in all locations, I noticed that they stopped serving corn cobs with the veggies, and now serve what looks like canned corn in an aluminum tin, definitely not happy with this change. I'll always be a fan of this establishment. Always a good time.
Never went here but i heard it was popin. Also a little expensive so i went to sleep and dreamt about eating here. The meat was fantastic. Cant complain
I've been here for a couple times already, both for happy hour. So glad that they opened up in flushing, saved my commute to Manhattan when I'm craved for gyu kaku. My favorite sauce is the sweet sauce, although most of the meat taste great without any additional sauce. But I'm so disappointed with my second visit. We had ordered 7 meats. First they brought 5 meats only then we told the server. He then bryout the other 2 meats. When we asked for the check, we were charged for 8 meats.
service 5/5 , food taste 4/5 but very small portions. it was a Friday when we went, we called to find out if there are seats because someone told me they have a long waiting if you don't reserve seats. and they told us there are seats but next booking comes in 1.5 hrs so we took the seats because we never eat that long anyways. food came fast, taste was alright nothing outstanding. the meat portions are very small, or very thin. we ordered 3 difference meat orders and some snacks and a rice and one drink each came out about $180 for 4 people not incl. tips. so its about $50 / head . for big guys.... you might need to order more .
Garlic noodles are amazing! Great staff and comfy atmosphere! Meat was delicious and their special sauce went well with everything!
This spot is simply amazing for anyone with a hungry appetite and in a search for good food. Their deal for unlimited korean bbq and hot pot is certainly a bargain. Combined great quality ingredients, a price that didn't break the bank, and a stop button controlled only by your appetite, which are definitely ingredients to a great meal! The only thing I wish were a little better is the service. While the spot is quite large, they seem to have a waiting staff stretched kind of thin, and sometimes it was hard to get service. This wasn't a big deal and overall i would definitely recommend this spot!
Came here with 5 friends and ordered the meat lover combo. It was very filling and had a variety of flavorful meat worthy to try. The process is essentially cooking the meat on our own. There were also various appetizers such as fried pork belly and spicy tuna volcano. The starters were miso soup and salad, both very good as well, a nice way to start a filling meal. The service was good, all the waiters were friendly and easy to talk to. They made jokes and were attentive. Our server Eric was especially open to us and welcoming. His service was great, made us feel very comfortable. Jokes around with us and made the experience were fun and memorable. This was my second time here and my second experience here was a lot better than the the first namely because our server was great. The environment was very welcoming, especially with their opening welcome said in Japanese. For dessert they had s'mores that we grilled ourselves. Overall, this restaurant was great, would definitely come back.
I never thought paying to cook my own meals would be so good but the food was great and the service was even better.  Eric was very patient with this first timer and also very helpful in providing instruction.  Will definitely come back
The wait staff was very patient, friendly and helpful. While I admit our group was more than a bit loud and maybe a bit needy (all you can eat!..and we ate a lot...of everything...all in 90 minutes), our servers were unflappably good humored and attentive. There's a large array of apps, proteins and sides to try. Eventually went into a meat coma but we enjoyed ourselves immensely. There were just a few food items (intestine - too chewy and spicy pork-too spicy) that we tried that we didn't like but we enjoyed pretty much everything else.
One of the best BBQ places in this area. Ingredients are freshly prepared. Awesome customer service! Great foood! And they sell Lady M!! LIT!!! Love this place!
I come here before and not too busy time.  I took my son and daughter with my brother family for a total of 7 people.  Price is ok but the good service and food are excellent.  We had the tofu dead food soup and beef think slices.  The staff is very attentive with smiles.  I recommend the place highly.
Really great staff here. We had about 5 different attendants and every one of them were so friendly, courteous, and professional. Food was delicious and came out quickly. We were recommended to this place by my brother. Can't wait to tell my friends about this place!
Nice interior design and friendly staff. Awesome place for family/friend gathering. Recommend "meat lovers" to big group. Decent starters, great BBQ meat, fresh seafood. S'more and Mochi ice cream are a must. Will go again on birthday
Been here before when they opened. Good food but small place. This time we had an online reservation but they didn't honor the time slot. Made a 7:45PM reservation and made us wait over 40 mins. We had to leave. People kept going before us. If you planning on going make sure to go super early and with a small party.
Tim was our server for our family on CNY. He was really polite and professional throughout the hectic holiday, he kept his composure and apologized for delays and system screw ups. Regardless of the issues they were having, I felt that he handled everything really well. Lovely experience and delicious food! Will be coming back :)
Phyllis and Sammy are the two greatest servers ever. Shoutout for always refilling my water and pulling through with the hand wipes. You come for the great food and you get hooked on the amazing service. Genuinely really attentive and always making sure you're having a good time, and just really sweet people in general!! wahoo!!
Amazing!!! All the meats are tender and delicious! Love the basil lamb chops and garlic shrimp. The addicting cabbage and cucumber are very addicting! It's one of very few restaurants in flushing with the cocktail drinks, Love the Co Co Mo! The sake is really good too. The servers all super friendly! A great place to hang out, will definitely be back again!
Got the opportunity to be one of the first to try this new BBQ hangout in flushing during the soft opening.  Quality meat selection and cook it yourself at your own pace.  Every bite is hot off the grill the way it should be.  I'll be coming back when they open officially; be sure to try the garlic shrimp and the kalbi.
used to be a regular at the cooper sq location many years ago. the flavor just didn't do it for me at this location. also saw many sugary items on their limited menu... kind of a turn off. nothing really jumped out at me in a good way. food: 5/10atmosphere: 7/10 (nice place for group gatherings)price: 5/10service: 8/10 (very good staff)
This is probably one of the best delicious barbecue In flushing !!! The staffs are super super helpful and friendly. We went with an elderly in wheelchair and the hostess helped us from selecting the best accessible table, arranging the seating area and even helping us getting the wheelchair up the staircase. Hats off to their services !!! The food is very much like the one in the city ! Very valuable and stuffing. Def recommend here for bday party and social gatherings. Remember to use its app for collecting points and redeem rewards !!! Will def come again !
It was my first time I visited this place today with my friend and I was beyond my expectation. Main street flushing? People who live around this area or have been to this are know very well that this is not a go to place when it comes to finding a place to shop or eat. So crowded and dirty but this place has changed and I think Gyu Kaku Japanese Bbq definitely brings this area to a different level and helped to become a better place. We entered the place and the host guided us through the aisle and seated us. Alan was our server and he did an incredible job in guiding us through the menus and "how to cook." He was attentive and kind in everything that when I needed something he would get them to me on time. After the meal, he got our check and the manager came up to our table with a big smile asking us how was the meal. We told her we loved it and I could already tell that she is very professional. Her voice, gesture and eye contact definitely tells me that she is experienced plus all the servers were really nice and well trained. As soon as I got off this place, I told my friends to come with me to this place again next week. Keep the good work guys! It's really challenging to work at a restaurant without losing smile and that energy you guys showed me and my friends. Keep up the good work! I'll be back again :)
Terrible hostess, makes a party of 2 wait for no reason and seats 2 other groups that came after
Came here during happy hour during a Saturday night and waited around 30 minutes to be seated for a table of 2.Our server as very attentive despite it being very busy; he shared his thoughts on what he liked and introduced us to new menu items that weren't on the menu yet. Waters were refilled automatically, grills changed frequently, and we received our food pretty fast. We ordered the happy hour set and I liked most of the food! Starters: I enjoyed the Soup, Salad, and Bibimbap. The dumplings were good but weren't as spicy as I thought they would be. BBQ Items: Most of the items were delicious! But wasn't a fan of the spinach and Chicken Thighs. Dessert: S'mores, I can't say much since I'm not a fan of s'mores. I was expecting small portions but I was full by the end of the meal. But if you're a bigger eater, I would suggest ordering more.
First time going with my dad and it was great! Food was good, staff was nice and reasonable prices. I recommend come during happy hour too! Stuff is cheaper and they have really good lunch specials! If you're in flushing definitely check it out!!
I came here for lunch on a Monday. It wasn't packed but it was still pretty busy. The food was delicious and our waitress, Phyllis, informed us of the cooking time for the meat. She was very helpful and friendly. What I liked best about this meal was her hospitality. It was a very memorable lunch and I would definitely come back and have Phyllis as my waitress. Even if there is a wait, I'll still come back.
If you are here for the drink, make sure sit in the bar , cuz is half price all day , but there is no sign !! Be aware . Other then that , after 9:30 is happy hour for food and drinks
Really good service and high quality food. My only gripe would be the price- slightly high but still reasonable.
First time at Gyu Kaku and won't be the last! The service was excellent - they hired attentive and super friendly staff who really set the mood. Our waiter was helpful with recommendations and we wound up choosing a set so we could try a variety of items. I can't keep track of what's what but the beef items were ridiculously delicious. My husband was incredibly stuffed and would still put down pieces (not his usual style at all, but he couldn't stop himself). I have to remember next time to get all/more beef than chicken or pork, try the calamari, and get the bibimbop again.
The new location seems smaller than the other locations but it still doesn't take away from how great it is in general. The service is excellent and everyone is so polite and helpful. The manager came over to make sure everything was fine and I thought that was great. Our server was very attentive. We went out for my son's birthday and they sang to him and had a small happy birthday banner with a hat and a ice cream treat. He loved it. We will definitely be coming back here again since they're so attentive. We didn't have a reservation but we didn't wait more than 15 minutes when they originally gave us a 45 minute estimate. Definitely recommend!
Came her for a post birthday dinner with my brother and boyfriend. This place is located in the heart of Flushing, where the roads and street are packed with people and cars and buses. We missed our reservation by 30 min due to issues finding parking (the only downfall...but its not the restaurants fault). We were told the wait time would about 30-45 min but were allowed to wait in the bar area until our table was ready. Our wait time was still really short, by the time we ordered and received our drinks our tables were ready (we maybe waited about 15 min on a busy night). The entire staff were extremely nice and accommodating! We ordered mostly various kinds of steak, chicken, shrimp and assorted veggies. Our favorite was the hangar steaks. Deliciously marinated! Our drinks were yummy as well. I would definitely come back here as everyone is welcoming and friendly
If you are into BBQ and Asian food, this should be your favorite spot. How can you NOT love this place? You get to cook! :) So much fun with your friends and family. I came here during its soft opening, and oh man, this place so elegantly decorated. The wonderful looking Japanese-style partition walls provide you privacy and allow you to have a great conversation while cooking your own food. The food is tasty, the Kobe meat is my favorite, and it tastes so good after only 30 seconds cooking each side. It also has a good selection of drinks as well as deserts. Did I mention desert? The love cake I had is probably the best I ever tried.On top of the good environment and tasty food, the service was excellent as well. The servers were super friendly and actually kneel or squat at your eye-level to speak to you. Definitely get 5 stars from me & I'm sure this will be my regular spot from now on. :)
"This place is amazing. I came here for over the weekend. The staff was friendly, the meat quality was excellent and our server was phenomenal. We had kalbi special and I must say it is better than most, if not all Korean BBQ restaurants I've been to. For the side dishes I would highly recommend Steamed Chili Dumplings and Beef Sukiyaki Bibimbap. Overall we had an amazing experience and we will definitely be back soon."
As this is a new place, everything looks neat and clean. The space at this location is not as spacious as the other guy kaku in New York, as this place used to be a small karaoke place located at the busiest street in flushing main street. Their friendly staff and happy hour are competitively priced for most of the items, beating the other bbq places in the area. Which makes it ideal for a quick bite for lunch and won't break the bank even if you go here often. The difference between this Gyu-Kaku is that, they have less item on their menu compared to the other location in Manhattan. Depending on the time and day you are looling to go, reservation are recommended if you are going with a big party, as this place gets filled up quick. Overall this place has a nice vibe, friendly staff, and a great addition of a bbq place for those that is in the area. Looking forward to going back here again. No need to travel to manhattan if you're in the area.
Went for the happy hour special. First half was great with all the beef and fried bacon. Wasn't all that impressed with the pork belly and chicken, but it was ok. Wish the staff would calm down a bit though with the japanese intro and exit shouting. I've been to other japanese restaurants that do this like Ippudo, but they don't do it quite as annoyingly. The practically scream on top of their lungs to the point that they are probably losing their voice. Other than, our waitress was friendly and the service was good. Would come back, with ear plugs.
I've always been a huge Korean BBQ fan but have never tried Japanese BBQ so when I was told this new place opened up in Flushing, I took my colleague there after work. When we entered the restaurant, we were greeted loudly. We sat in a very spacious booth seat. We ordered the Gyu-Kaku combo for 2 people after seeing so many good reviews about it. It was only $60 and it was a great value! Neither of us had much to eat throughout the day and we still left the place stuffed. The combo gives you 4 appetizers and 6 different meats (all beef but each are marinated differently!) and smores. Our waiter Jeremy was well-groomed, mannered, and super attentive. He took initiative to come change our grills out every time before we cook something new. The drinks were made okay. I had the Tokyo Sunset and my colleague ordered the Mango Mai Tai. Mine tastes like straight up artificial fruit juice but it was still pretty decent. The Mai Tai tasted slightly better. Drinks are all based on preference though. The bathrooms were very clean and orderly too. Overall I had a really good first impression of the restaurant. Definitely would recommend!!
This has been one of the best experiences at a restaurant. I took my brothers here with my fiancé and they loved it. It was there first time and they want to come back. Everything was delicious. The waiters were perfect. Chris is one if he best servers I've ever encountered. And the birthday surprise was amazing! Keep it up
My experience today is not good at all. I can understand you reduce the amount of each dish, but how can you make a barbecue beef so tiny like chopped beef. It's like leftover beef.
Extremely good service.!!!! This place is a must try. The meat is well seasoned and taste really good. We order the kobe for 2 and everything came on time. The service was the best they were all very attentive and changed our grilling pan thing many times. They also refilled our waters and checked up on us a few times to see if we were good. The manager even came at one point to ask about our experience. There was also s'mores in the end. This is a must go to place everything is clean and service is awesome. I will definitely go back
Our waiter Eric was very attentive to our needs. He always came to change our grill constantly without us having to ask. This isnt the first time I've been to gyukakku, but I can definitely say the flushing branch is the best experience I've  had by far. I will definitely come again and try their other menu items!
I've been to Gyu-Kaku many times in midtown with reservations. I made one for this Flushing location for dinner and was quoted a 5 Minute our table to be ready and that we were next. 30 minutes pass and we spoke to the hostess, seems like they forgot about us. Needless to say we did not give them out business.
Great Japanese BBQ restaurant. Very nice atmosphere although very expensive. Must try the $55 Wagyu steak.
Good managers there especially Dennis(or Daniel?). Any not so good service or food there, talked to the managers and they got fixed immediately.Flavors are good and atmosphere is good too.
I found this restaurant by chance and am very glad I did.  The food was delicious as was dessert (the lava cake is to die for).  The service was great.  The manager came over to chat and ask if everything was ok.  Happy hour prices all day until 6 and lunch specials until 3.  Our  server, Sammy, was very helpful and great.  Very attentive wait staff.  Really enjoyed the experience!
I come here all the time and every time the service is great ( Alan and Eric are extremely helpful ), the food is fantastic , and the atmosphere is fun!
Overall is ok. The service was good, however, I felt the food is slightly better in an other gyukaku store in midtown.
I typically don't write reviews unless it's a bad one to warn people away from something but for Gyu-Kaku, I had to give them a good review. The staff is so on point from the time you walk in the door, straight through to the end. Wait staff knew the menu well, checked on us constantly and were almost too friendly. The manager stopped by twice to make sure everything was ok and even remembered our names when he came back the second time around even with a packed restaurant. The food was amazing!! We had the premium for 2 BBQ and each item was better than the last. Huge amount of food for only $35 each. The wait staff explained each item and how to cook it. Also helped that happy hour starts at 9pm for heavily discounted drinks. Every bit of it was enjoyable and I will most definitely recommend and will be back.
We've been here several times! Food is great! We always have a pleasant time. We fight over the radishes!!! LoL Pork belly is delish! And I love the sauces!! If you've never gone.....you better get going!!!! Parking lot is huge. I believe valet. Enjoy!
Amazing service by Jennifer and her coworkers. Food was excellent and instructions for cooking food are simple and easy to follow. The appetizers, main course and desserts were fantastic.
Love Guy-Kaku!! This location is new, but just as awesome. You can not beat their happy hour. Me and my friend had a bottle of sake and two cocktails for $19.60! Also, the rewards points are cool. After 500 points you get $25 off your entire bill! That doesn't seem like much but considering their amazing happy hour, it could cover an entire bill. This location is not as packed as the other locations, but I'm sure it's only a matter of time before the buzz gets out!
As a frequent customer to the Guy-Kaku chain, I am no stranger to the food and the Flushing outpost is no different in terms of food. However what makes them stand out is the service.  I visited for the first time and I must say I was floored by their outstanding service. Everyone was beyond friendly. Our server was Sammy and she was beyond courteous, Attentive and friendly. We are foodies and in all the restaurants we've ever visited from hole in the walk to 5-star locales, never have I come across anyone like her. She has offered us refills on waters, and helped us changed our grills more than enough times. She strike conversations with our son and mind you it was during busy dinner hour. We even over heard her offer help to the bus boy and said thanks to him several times. What a great person she is?!
had a great time, staffs are very attentive, the food are very tasty and marinate on point. Great interior design, awesome lava cake! The cod is amazing! Over all is great experience, will go back again soon
I love Gyukaku! Price is good, Food's taste is good, Service is good too! After 9pm, happy hour time is great!! Definitely this is geatest place in Flushing!
The manager Denis is the GOAT. Been to every single Gyu in the NYC area, I was even a gold member because I accumulated so many points, but believe me when I say no one hooked me up like this spot! Mentioned how much I liked a certain dressing and he made sure I got a plenty.
The decor is refreshing especially in flushing where everything seems to be fast paced and cramped. I have been to the main location in Manhattan multiple times as it is near my office. It would always be a treat to go to gyu-kaku. When I saw the spot open in Flushing I was eager to try it out. I tried the Kobe style special. First, unlike the Manhattan location they don't substitute items that you maybe allegeric to. Second, the food we ordered was premium but all of the foods taste was anything but premium the meat was flavorless, the rice or bibmbop was bland. Service was fairly attentive, but if you are like me looking for the gyu-kaku from Manhattan reborn in flushing you will fall short. You will find an over priced and signficiantly different restaurant than the one that has a great reputation. Save your wallet and your stomach and go to a Korean BBQ place or the real gyu-kaku in Manhattan where the food is actually fantastic.
Honestly one of the best lunches/meals in recent memory. Food was fantastic, service was fantastic. I will return.
The food is delicious and so are the drinks. Best to go during lunch or evening happy hour.
I love the other locations of Gyu-Kaku so I was very excited to try out this recently opened Queens location.  It was a bit noisy in general due to the music and everyone talking but then that happens to most restaurants.  Our servers Ian and there's another guy name Koyo ( not sure if I spelled correctly) were very attentive, courteous and explained everything perfectly esp Ian.  I love the 45th location and even I don't remember if their service is as good as this place.  Love all the beef items and even the pork belly was good even thou I was never a pork fan.  Had the $55 for 2 during HH and picked 2 more rice dishes and a few more other dishes.  Love the beef sukiyaki bibibap & garlic rice and the calmari as well.  Overall, a great experience and lives up to the Gyu Kaku name.  Keep up the good!!
Came here on Sunday for Happy hour. The food was delicious. We ordered a lot and we were not disappointed. Our waiter provided great service, explained how everything worked since most of us were first timers. We would definitely come back here again!
This is an amazing place!.. Food is to die for.. Calamari cooked to perfection... And Phyllis the bartender is one of the sweetest and helpful waitstaff I've ever encountered. Prices are excellent!
I went here for my sister's birthday and the service was great. Our server was Palm, and he was attentive to our orders. The food was great, although the grill was a bit hotter than the grills at other Gyu-Kaku locations, so we had to make sure that our food didn't burn, even with the recommended cooking times.  After we were done with the appetizers and the meats, Palm and the other staff members came out to sing happy birthday to my sister, at my request. When it was time to pay, there was an error on our check, but Palm quickly corrected it after it was brought to his attention. Overall, we had a great time!
I really enjoyed this place! $5 happy hour, great staff and music. You will definitely enjoy with friends or family! Everyone was friendly and upbeat. Food was delicious as well. The only downside is the location - no parking so you are better off taking the train. I will be returning soon.
Pho Best is a no frills Viet-Chinese place in a new-ish Flushing mall (Arcadia mall). The Pho is delicious, the service is polite and curt. The staff is mostly Chinese. My friend was craving Pho so she choose this place.We shared the Vietnamese summer rolls. I ordered the Fresh rib eye and Tendon Pho + roasted bone marrow. The pho was almost as good as I've had in Philly (instagram.com/p/Bh2Ohs_n…). The bone marrow is enormous (mine was the size of my forearm). The pho's beef broth is rich and savory. The noodles were perfectly blanched and had a good snap in the umami broth. The ribeye was plentiful. I wish there was more tendon.The bone marrow was good- it was roasted and caramelized. It was sprinkled with sugar but it wasn't necessary for the pho. We were offered complimentary coconut jello with yellow split peas. Just like my mom likes it.My friends ordered the Viet coffee. That looked so cool with the coffee dripping into the cup from a metal apparatus and then the waiter mixes it for you. I want to return for more Pho and to try the Viet coffee. instagram.com/snackchatn…
I have to give Yelp some credit where credit is due: I neverrrrr would have found this place if not for Yelp. I was actually born and raised in Flushing, but now live in the city... so I'm out of the loop. Good thing there's Yelp to come in the clutch when I'm visiting my parents in Flushing and craving some decent pho and spring rolls. And come in the clutch Yelp did! This place was worth the 4 star hype. I was deciding between Pho Best I and Pho Best II (both of which I found on Yelp) and the reviews steered me towards this location. The consensus seemed to be that the broth and chef here were better. The reviews were right. This location is great. The servers are nice and the food is straight up delicious. My parents and I ordered:- grilled chicken noodle soup - got rave reviews from my Dad. He said the chicken was very flavorful and seasoned well. He can't eat red meat, s I'm really happy he was pleased- classic pho with well done meat - my mom slurped the entire thing up. Nothing was left. - grilled beef noodle soup - this is what I got. The broth was really tasty. The beef itself was actually the only thing I didn't 100% love because it was kind of greasy and forgettable- grilled pork chop - we got this to share a the table. This was the best thing we ordered. Sooooooo delicious and tasty - spring rolls to share - ok first of all - they only give you literally 2 mint leaves with the order. For 8 spring rolls. Weird. But at lease they obliged when I asked for more mint leaves. The spring rolls were good, not great. They could be improved. Everything was reasonably priced, which I appreciate greatly. But even with the two areas of possible improvement (spring rolls and grilled beef), this place was still solid 4 stars quality. Exactly like Yelp said it would be... Will be back for more grilled pork chops and noodle soup.
I guess the area is not for me. I don't like how hard it is to drive to the area and parking on the street is terrible. There is always traffic by the area. I wonder if Pho Best validates the parking. My friend told me no they don't because she was wondering the same thing. That is not why I dropped it a star though. I got a dried out lime where visually you can tell the lime is dry. Okay which is fine. I just asked for more but when she brought out a brand new plate of limes..they all were dried out. My pho was cold by the time this all played out. I still could not get any limes with juice in it. The portion size for the rice dishes I find a bit small too for the price in comparison to other places. Also the fried squid was very small portioned for the price. Squid is very cheap as a product. My bf ordered the pho and his barely had much meat on it. I was surprised by the portion size of the meat.My Vietnamese friend told me the staff is not Vietnamese, but to me that doesn't matter. If it matters to you if they are Vietnamese or not, they are Chinese.
Don't get the large pho unless you're absolutely starving and haven't eaten the whole day, or else you'll stuff yourself silly and feel like an angry birds about to explode (not that I've experienced it).Pho best is located in Arcadia mall, a little walk from the 7 train. The space looks better than average and clean. Service was also a step above normal. The menu is comprehensive. With the great prices and food quality, I know I will be back to try different offerings!#1 with bone marrow +$3LARGE bowl of beefy goodness (maybe even good for 2?) With generous cuts of beef, some tendons and tripe. The broth itself was perfect - savory, not salty. I have to say, the marrow elevated each bite, it's genius to have this as extra!My brother got the lobster pho ($15) and was satisfied with it. He said the shrimp spring rolls were pretty good too!
Located inside the unpopular Arcadia Mall, I would've never known this place existed if it weren't for social media.  Despite showing up at an odd meal time (Saturday at 3pm), our party of two still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table because the place was packed.  This was a little annoying especially since there is only 1-hour street parking in the area.  Expect to leave mid-meal to feed the meter.The standard pho here is more expensive than you would find at other pho shops in the area and the broth is a bit different--darker and more full-bodied.  Of course, we tried each of their claims to fame, the lobster pho ($14.95) and the bone marrow ($3).  The lobster pho came with noodles, broth, and a whole lobster, which were all tasty, but as expected, very inconvenient to eat; breaking down the lobster was very messy.  As for the bone marrow, I can see why people would like it, but I personally found it to be overly salty and sickeningly fatty.  I'm not a fan.In addition, we also got the grilled beef appetizer ($6.95) and another bowl of rib eye, brisket, tendon, and tripe pho ($8.25).  The beef appetizer was sweet and savory and tender--YUM!  And the beef pho was just as good as the lobster one.
The place is inside the Arcadia Mall off of Franklin and Main.I typically hesitate in going to eat in places located in Flushing because the neighborhood is so dirty. However, I had multiple people recommend this place and also the yelp reviews persuaded me to try it.I'm glad I listened. It was definitely delicious. The pho broth is delicious and NOT salty! Amen! Bone Marrow is a must. The crab patty is also delicious even tho the presentation for me looked a bit unappealing.The vermicelli plate with meat and spring rolls was good, the meat was a bit tough but taste was great.The lamb and pork were fantastic! Try it!Over all we loved this place. And its priced super fairly. The service is fine also.Oh yes and the fresh lemonade is so YUMMY as well as the ice coffee. Just go and try it!
After Black Label Donuts popup in Pesso's, definitely, lunch time so one of my friends suggested Pho Best and both of them written amazing reviews so I couldn't wait to pop that cherry today. There's a parking garage that connects to the Arcadia Mall because on the weekends you are lucky to even try to find a parking space on the streets in Flushing. Pho Best is on the first floor in the Arcadia Mall. I spotted an empty 4 seater in the corner by the window. My two friends ordered Fresh Rib Eye Big Bowl: Brisket, Tripe, Tendon and I ordered Fresh Rib Eye and Tendon. I only saw two pieces of tendon though in my Pho but the broth base was delicious as TC pointed out to me. I love combining Sriracha and Hoisin Sauce into my Pho...I need the extra flavor haha and Oooo they gave you many slices of Rib Eye mmmm I love meat! I wasn't able to eat the complimentary coconut dish because I am allergic sadly so my friends split mine. Overall a yummy Pho spot so bookmark it baby!
No faux pas here, pho best lives up to its name and then some. They are doing things right here. The pho broth is satisfyingly rich and full of that savory and robust beefy flavor pho addicts crave for.Located in Arcadia Mall you would figure any pho restaurant in a mall setting would be mediocre at best, boy was I wrong! Pho Best stakes it's claim here and by the taste and likes of it will be here for the long haul.I ordered the extra large bowl of pho which comes with cuts of uber delicious and tender rib eye, brisket, tendon and tripe. It may sound silly but the meat is draped over the pho in such a way that it's drool worthy. The meat is thinly sliced and will literally melt in your mouth. One taste of the broth and meat and you will be hooked phoever! We ordered a variety of different pho and they were all delish, the secret as all pho lovers know is the broth. You know you must be doing something right when you notice most bowls going back to the kitchen are empty.We ordered the bbq chicken vermicelli which is prepared with peanuts, pickled daikon, carrots, cucumbers and bean sprouts. The chicken was moist and seasoned perfectly.I love the coffee here. I actually got a full glass of Viet coffee brought to my table already filtered through. My past experience with these little filters were a crap shoot, the coffee either filtered through, or would get stuck and take an eternity to pass through like a bad kidney stone. I think most of the coffee is already brewed in the back and brought out for the last few drips as it completely finishes it's journey through the filter.Great service complete with smiling and friendly servers. Pho Best for now is IMHO the Best place in Queens to get your Pho fix!
Pho best restaurant definitely offers the best bowl of pho in Queens.  I came here during a snowstorm and it was pretty empty. I came here with a group of approximately 8 people.  We ordered and our food came out really fast.  The spring roll with fish sauce is on point and was a huge hit at our table.  It disappeared in seconds.  Majority of the table ordered the lobster and pho, and for $15 you get pho and a whole lobster cooked to perfection.  I feel like the lobster and pho was the best bang for the buck.  A few others ordered the typical beef pho.  And if you want you can add a bone marrow for $3.  It definitely does add an extra element of richness to your soup.  For $3? It's worth a try.  So go for it!!Most of the people at our table was not able to finish their food, that's how big the portions were.  I can't wait to come back, I'll definitely be returning soon.  Also as a bonus, they give you free dessert as other reviewers has mentioned, I got the coconut jello with red bean, which I really enjoyed because it was delicious and free!  With great food and customer service, this place hopefully will be around for many years to come.
My partner-in-crime and I were craving for pho and we decide to try this place out, thanks to the photos! This is a quiet, open restaurant in Arcadia Mall and it was not crowded on a Friday evening. Decor is industrial-like especially the golden clock piece on the wall. The place was also well-kept that it is very clean. The food comes in big portions and it is not expensive at all! We ordered the following: Vietnamese Iced Drip Coffee; Fried Spring Rolls; #2 Pho with Fresh Rib Eye, Brisket, Tendon, and Tripe; Whole Lobster Pho; Bone Marrow; and Crab Patty.Both pho dishes had very fresh ingredients I am in love with the texture of the vermicelli, I like the soft and smooth. I do like the rich rice flavor in the vermicelli. Broth could be more flavorful but I have no complaints. The regular beef pho broth was more flavorful than the lobster. The lobster was more clean and light. Bone Marrow added a rich flavor to both of our pho so I definitely recommend it! Both bowls were really big and it did a great job satisfying our cravings. Fried Spring Rolls were freshly fried but it was not greasy at all. Crab Patty tasted more like pork but it was a nice side dish to try. Vietnamese Iced Drip Coffee. It was a nice experience seeing it drip right in front of me. The coffee was bold and dark. It comes with condensed milk in the bottom and I could've used more to cut the bitterness. Service was excellent. Staff members were very welcoming and friendly since my very first step into the restaurant. Teas were being refilled and dishes were taken away in a timely manner. Awesome!Yes, we would come back!
Located in the Arcadia Mall on the ground level. We had lunch here on a Saturday and was seated right away. No wait at all. The restaurant is very clean. Service was quick. We had chicken chop with rice, summer rolls and typical pho noodles. Broth was tasty. Good amount of noodles. We also ordered pork chop with rice along with crab meat and egg for take out. Unfortunately they messed up on the ordered and gave us pork chop with rice only. The pork chop was a little hard and dry. I'm sure it was prob just miscommunication. Their summer roll was on point. Price was decent.I would definitely return and try their pho with bone marrow. It look delicious.
We thought the food was very good. Although not all bone marrow had marrow. The lobster was surprisingly fresh. Not sure how all the other businesses stay open in this mall. The spring rolls were extremely good. Skins were light and crispy. Service was also good. W came in the afternoon on a weekday.
It's gimmicky, I'll say. Lobsta & oven roasted bone marrow for your pho? Unheard of--but fun and delicious.Quite reasonably priced too. I won't say much more than that, in case owners think "hrmmm mayybe we should jack this up a notch".The broth? Healthy I think--not dosed up with MSG. Could use a little more salt/fish sauce/something to be saltier. It's definitely beefy though. I came out without feeling the need to drink a gallon of water. Probably a good sign.
I wouldn't classify this place as authentic Viet, but neither is Ginger & Lemongrass. However, I would say Pho Best is more authentic than G&L. I love how huge the pho is and that it includes tendons, tripe and brisket and much cheaper than G&L even with the bone marrow. I think the broth could use more flavor as it wasnt as rich as I wanted it to be. In terms of appetizers, the calamari was crispy and not too chewy, the crispy shrimp spring rolls were huge and contains actual whole shrimp. Beef cubed over rice was tender and juicy, and again massive portions!  Great prices makes this place a must try! They even have a whole lobster option for $15..wow. I will definitely be back to try more items. Plus free dessert at the end of the meal (coconut pudding with yellow beans).
Pho Best really is the best, Pho.Place can be easy to miss since they only have one sign in the front of the Arcadia Mall on Main Street.  The best way to enter is to go through Dunkin Donuts and Pho Best will be on the left.Ordered the $15 Lobster Pho and the Beef Brisket Pho ($8) with extra bone marrow ($3).The lobster pho is probably the best bang for you buck since they give you a small/medium sized lobster and a ton of noodles.  The broth was very unique and every sip was like sipping a piece of lobster, without having lobster shells in your mouth.  It can get messy eating a whole lobster and eating pho at the same time, but the meat was sure tasty and fresh.Beef Brisket pho was on the oily side, I think the bone marrow made it extra greasy, but it added a ton of depth and flavor into the broth.  Generous portion of noodles and your regular fixings and pho garnishments like Thai basil and sprouts with lime.After the meal, we were served with complimentary dessert.  We had the red bean flan/pudding.Service was great and our waters were always filled.
Came back again for brunch! Tried their bbq squid, shrimp pineapple fried rice, some sort of stir fried clams, and lemon grass fillet mignon. (Listed by most favored to least)It seems like they know what they are doing with their bbq stuff! Great flavor and texture!The stir fried clams were tasty but a little undercooked. Which wasn't a big problem bc you could just send it back and they will happily cook it longer for u. The lemon grass fillet mignon did not taste viet lolll. It was like that Chinese-viet fusion stuff; it tastes alright but not what I was expecting from the usual viet lemon grass dishes.
The pho broth is decent. Their sliced beef is very tender and I like that you can add different sides to your pho. Portions are very reasonable. Its a good place to go for a quick meal and satisfying one. I like the free dessert at the end of the meal.
Pho Best is one of the better Vietnamese restaurant chains in New York City -- and its Arcadia Mall location feels like the more comfortable of the chain's two Flushing locations.What We've Had:- 'Fresh Rib Eye Big Bowl: Brisket, Tripe, Tendon' (火車頭一號牛肉粉 -- 'Train Pho #1'), with Bone Marrow: Very large portion, with a very good broth. The bone marrow (an extra $3) is presented on a very large bone, from which you then scrap the bone marrow into the soup. While bone marrow does enhance the flavor of the soup, the bone itself gets in the way of eating. This 'Train Pho #1' does well without the bone marrow, too.- Grilled Chicken with Rice (燒雞飯): Very good, with well-marinated chicken and juicy chicken.- Lobster Pho (原隻龍蝦): The lobster is a bit chewy, but the dish is a great value at $14.95.
Pho Best is still good... but not the best in Flushing. This place is great if your want quantity but for quality and authenticity, there's a new spot. My first time here, I really enjoyed the food, huge bowl of pho with lobster for cheap? Gotta love it and if I wanted that again, I'll definitely come back for that; and I loved the pork chops, but the second time I had it wasn't as great as the first. Perhaps I had so much more? No, it had less char grilled flavor. Still good and an excellent deal - 3 pork chops with side salad for $7.25. I got a side of fried rice for $3.5. L chose filet mignon with shrimp rice vermicelli. The filet was so soft, barely had to chew, but we both agreed that it would've tasted better if it had the same marinade as the pork chops. Wasn't a fan of the sauce but once everything was mixed, it was tasty nonetheless. They gave us water when we sat down, but I would've preferred hot tea. I noticed the other tables with only Asian customers received hot tea. Perhaps they shouldn't assume that if there's an non-Asian In your party that they would like tap water... so we ordered coconut water. I do not drink tap. I guess I could've asked for hot tea.
I'm glad I found this place. Thanks to Chun M. for posting review and pictures. The food looks instagram worthy especially the lobster pho! Omg. After seeing the picture I went the following day for lunch. The place is inside the mall. Its new and clean and we got seated right away. For drinks I got the lemonade and its really what I want. Its a bit sour and sweet. We start off with 2 types of appetizer: vietnamese crispy spring rolls 8 pieces for $9.50. Its very crispy from the outside and flavorful in the inside. I got the spider summer rolls with soft shell crab $8.95. I love soft shell crab and this is perfect. For main dish I got the pho with brisket and added the bone marrow. This is so worth it. I got the small size but its huge! You can share up to 2 people. The broth, the texture of the meat and the bone marrow is just so amazingly tasty! My bf got the lobster pho and he enjoyed everything! The lobster is so tender and delicious. I tried some of this and surely I'll order this next time we go back. For dessert I got their plan but its not really that good. Don't get any dessert because they give some complimentary dessert after. Its a coconut puddling.This place is great!  fast service and delicious food.
Pho Best? We'll see about that.  There's another one to go with the one on Prince St? There's no street entrance at this location, but it's nestled inside the new Arcadia Mall on Main St, so go all the way in and you'll see it. Or take a short cut through the AT&T store. You have to try the standard by which all pho places are judged, the #1 Locomotive 火車頭. Broth is dark, rich, beefy, with that perfect aroma combination of star anise, cinnamon and cloves. It's like they boiled down the bones of an entire cow into this bowl.  Rice noodles have the perfect chewy give and clump as you slurp and bite. And the giant bowl is loaded with plenty of Beef!  The beef eye round is so tender, you can pull it apart with a tug of your chopsticks. Along with the sliced brisket, beef tripe & tendon. This is quite possibly the best bowl of pho! (At least in Queens) You might think $9.25 is a little steep but it is totally worth it! Next time I'm going to add the roasted marrow bone ($3). Know what else is cool?  They have solved the problem of burning fingers while serving giant steaming bowls of scalding soup. Engineering solution: bring each bowl out on its own wooden serving platform! The dais also raises the bowl closer to your mouth which makes slurping easier and less mess. Flavor, elegance and ergonomics all designed into one meal!Match that with a side of Vietnamese spring rolls and you have the perfect lunch on a cold winter's day. Must come back to try the rest of the menu though. Complimentary mung bean gelatin for dessert? How nice is that!
Pho Best differentiates itself by offering a modern flair to traditional Vietnamese dishes and is definitely worthy of a few photos. - Pork chop with rice - perfectly seasoned and comes in 3 pieces, highly recommend- Grilled chicken with rice - same as above and unbelievably juicy, this is better than most restaurants- Vermicelli with spring rolls and pork chop - very flavorful, with pickled garlic and daikon radish, interesting vinegar taste that lingers in your mouth for hours after- Classic pho - generous portion and pretty much amazing - Shrimp spring roll appetizer - jumbo sized shrimp wrapped and fried, I actually prefer this over the traditional version I also appreciate the complementary dessert, although the coconut curd was not that great, it's the gesture that counts. I hope they are able to expand in the mall because it does seem a bit tight in there sometimes.
LOBSTER PHO!!! Yes, you read that right, LOBSTER in pho! For only $15, this is totally worth it. It's literally a whole lobster swimming in a bowl of pho. The lobster itself tastes pretty fresh and has a nice bite to it. They do a good job of not overcooking it. It does get messy, but who cares, it's lobster. I just wish there were some slices of beef in the pho or have that as an add-on option because I felt that it didn't have enough meat from the lobster for the amount of noodles. Been here twice and learned from the first time to order a grilled pork chop on the side, but I'd much rather have beef slices.Moving on to the Pho with everything (the first option) and bone marrow add-on: bomb.com. Love the bone marrow, it adds such a nice creamy texture to the broth. The best part about this is that they have plenty of beef slices!Took off one star because the broth itself is a little lacking. It's good, but not the best I've had, and trust me, I've had a lot of pho. Also, the bowl is big and they give a lot of soup, but honestly, it's not as much food as it may seem. For reference I'm a 5ft Asian girl with a normal appetite and I finished the whole thing.I brought my BF's family here and they really liked this spot -- that says a lot because they're a super picky Asian family. Overall, would recommend!!
Omg this place was soooo good and super cheap! I got the vermicelli salad with pork chop and my husband for the lobster pho with bone marrow. Both were really good and super filling. The portions are HUGE so don't get crazy and order a bunch of things thinking it'll be small portions for the price. I almost made that mistake and I'm sure glad I didn't. The service was super quick too. I came here on a Sunday night so i can't speak for other days.Note: this place is inside Arcadia Mall. It's tucked in the corner, next to the Dunkin Donuts. I was having a pregnancy craving for some Vietnamese food when i found this place on yelp. No one really speaks English but it's enough to get by. The staff is really sweet and helpful. I definitely plan on coming back.
Pho best has become my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in flushing. The atmosphere is very clean, airy and the food is super flavorful. I came here with 2 girlfriends early evening on a Monday, there was plenty of seating at this time. We ordered the following dishes: Traditional Pho with the $3 bone marrowRice Vermichelli with Pork Chop Seafood Vietnamese noodles We all picked from each other's dishes, & couldn't stop raving about our choices. Everything was very delicious, full of flavor and extremely generous in portion. We can't wait to return and try out other items on the menu.
Pho Best is one of the more modern decor and nicer pho spots in flushing. While keeping the prices at affordable, they have clean bathrooms and polite staffs unlike many of the other pho spots in the area. The #1 pho broth is super beefy compared to that of the pork chop pho, which is more clean and less meaty-tasting. The portions were comparable to that of other pho spots and definitely a filling meal. We could have done without the shrimp rolls appetizer, but were intrigued by all the raves about them. Unfortunately, we didn't really think they were anything special and would prefer the traditional Vietnamese spring rolls. They tasted like the spring rolls you get at dim sum. The pho came out super fast, while the shrimp spring roll took some time (as they were probably making them fresh). Overall, I enjoyed my meal at Pho Best and would most likely return for more Vietnamese food.
Best Pho? No. So why 5 stars?Because I said so. No, but really I couldn't really find a flaw in this place. Ok so the people that work here mostly are Chinese and not really Vietnamese. But then again Asian is Asian right?WRONG!This place is legit good though. Portion size was exactly what I was looking for to fit the bill. I CAN EAT. Namaste.The flavor of the broth wasn't overly rich and certainly was NOT bland. It was a really good balance. The toppings of course adds to the overall dish. Now, sometimes when you go to Vietnamese places or pho places and you ask your meat to be well done, they look at your funny. Here, they just do it because that is what's up. And while not all meat tastes great fully cooked, unless it's a fine steak, Wagyu or Kobe, or even a well marinated one, do yourself a favor and ask for well done. Why?Because inferior cuts just tastes better that way, in my opinion. The service. Quick efficient and no bullsh*t. The space was plentiful. Now, it is located inside Arcadia Mall and while you don't have to go through the double doors of the mall to find the place. It is the most polite way to do it. Because Tous Les Jours, this herbal store, among others have a direct back entrance that you can go through to enter the mall.Saves time? 20 seconds saved...maybe.FAN.
Pho Best is a nice welcome to the outskirts of Flushing. It competes with a dumpling galaxy, a tous les jours, niu pot hot pot & a fujianese restaurant for customers and has a basement parking lot. There is far less foot traffic in this lesser known strip mall so less wait time for your food!! Restrooms for all customers are located in the basement as well.It was pretty empty on a Wednesday night but I could see great potential during weekday lunch hours being as it is surrounded by medical offices and nearby businesses. The menu has your typical vietnamese pho, vermicelli, banh mi's, & cubed beef rice dishes. I wish they had a chicken or vegetable broth option for their pho noodle soup. They messed up our orders twice but replaced our food fairly quickly. The bf and I both each ordered pho's. One beef and one grilled chicken with a side order of crab patty. The broth was pretty clean tasting and flavorful. It was served with the standard plate of bean sprouts, thai basil and limes but no jalapenos. I love adding jalepenos to my pho broth so that was disappointing. The spider summer roll was tasty but I wouldn't order it again. We got free coconut mung bean desserts at the end. That was a nice touch from Pho Best.They take credit cards so thats a plus.
Nice addition to Flushing! The Phó is pretty good. The broth is clear and not overly rich & oil. The bowl (esp. #1 Big Phó)  is a bit big for the amount of noodles but it's still a good amount enough to fill you up.   While this is a decent tasty Phó, it isn't the best we've had but it's good to satisfy your needs.Aside from the traditional Phó with sliced beef & tendon, you can also get it with chicken, pork, fish balls etc. it's a nice variety. We added bone marrow to our Phó for $3 extra and thought that we could prob skip it next time. It was just for show as it was just bone was pretty empty.  Otherwise, would def come back to try other dishes.
1. Big bowl: beef brisket, ribeye, & tripeThis came out almost instantly. It was good but the broth could be richer. My friend devoured it, so that's a good sign. 2. Filet Mignon & shrimp w/ rice vermicelli:We had to wait nearly 25 minutes for this dish.The filet Mignon was well marinated. There were only three pieces of shrimp. The rice vermicelli, bean sprouts, and other greens made the whole dish itself very well- balanced. 3. Tom yum clams:Terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE. The colors were so nice, but the sauce tasted so weird and the clams are way too small for this kind of dish. Medium-sized clams would have been better. Free complimentary dessert:It was a cute little piece of cake, aw. I do appreciate the gesture. However, it does not suit the theme of the restaurant. Other: I wish the waiters came around to refill our drinks. Other than that, everything was pretty good. I would come back again when I'm in the mood for some good Vietnamese food. :)
If you are unfamiliar with Queens at all, like me, it may be difficult to find this little eatery inside the Arcadia mall. Using navigation "you have arrived at your destination" and I still continued to circle the block unsure where it was(See photo) plus parking is like, the worst. Side streets people!So I walked two blocks and found the building (recessed from the rest)Fyi, the bathrooms are downstairs. The staff are polite and my Pho big bowl was served quickly. The marrow bone is a nice touch for extra nutrients which I just love. The broth had a slightly stronger taste of anise then I've had before. The marrow added some depth. I also had a lemon ice tea which was unsweetened. I would return if I was in the neighborhood, the other menu items(and what I saw other people dining) looked top notch.
Came here with the husband on a Friday for a lunch date just to try their pho and such.This new place did not disappoint us at all, especially the crispy shrimp spring roll, which was out of this world.......... delicious, light, extra crispy, and beyond FRESH!!! We loved it so much that we thought a small order of 4 pieces was NOT ENOUGH! =DThe restaurant is very clean and comfortable, located on the first floor of the Arcadia Mall (black building). For the Pho, my husband gave it a 3. Kinda too oily but the taste of the soup was there. He liked the noodle they used. Too bad the husband and I are not really into bone marrows because heard you can order your bowl of pho with a whole piece of bone marrow with extra charge. It did look cool though.Oh we saw the table next to us ordered a bowl of noodle with a whole lobster! Wow, so fulfilling for lunchtime! It did look very fresh and yummilicious!For the grilled pork vermicelli, I gave it a 3.5. It was super neat that they served the food on a clay pot. I liked the ingredients used and the vegetable selections. Best thing is they don't automatically include cucumber which I'm highly allergic to! No need to even ask them to remove it for me yay ;)For the crispy shrimp spring roll, we both gave it a 5!!!!! Absolutely loved every bite of it!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!The dishes come in generous BIG portions! I had trouble finishing my dish and I'm eating for two haha The service is very good. They have some attentive staff who refills your water and tea without asking. They also have friendly smiles on their faces. They sure know how to make their customers happy and satisfied. Happy customer happy life lolThe husband and I must go back to try other things on the menu!!We also have to go back for the most amazing crispy shrimp spring roll. Can I eat the regular Vietnamese spring roll after this? That's debatable hahahahaha ;D
Pho Best, maybe not, but it's decent.  Located in the Arcadia Mall, it's been some time since a new player has entered in the Viet food scene in Flushing and although it's not great, it's got potential The space is modern and clean.  On the day I went, it just so happened that the health department was inspecting and I got to watch as the inspector seemed to be giving them an "A", which is good for all prospective diners.  The service here is also pretty good as they're polite and quick.Food here is OK but IMO not great.  There's a pretty extensive menu but of course I had to try the pho.  The quality of the meat is pretty good, the portions large but the broth is a bit weak which is critical to any bowl of pho.  The broth is just lacking the depth of an authentic bowl prepared by authentic Viet restaurants, which leaves it a bit lacking.  Prices are fair and there's a complimentary dessert which is a nice touch.  Definitely has some room for improvement but on the plus side, it's a nice cleaner option to the other Viet places in Flushing.
Loved the food, but please do something about the chairs! Yes, the chairs. But before I get to that I will say that the pho was the best I've had in Queens in a long time. The bone marrow pho bowl is an exercise in decadence. It is presented neatly a top a wooden tray complete with spoon rest. The broth was flavorful, the meat slices thin, the veggie toppings plentiful, and the large bone with marrow exposed ready to be spooned our delicious. We also ordered the crispy squid which arrived atop fresh mint leaves and diced pepper. It was crunchy and just the right level of salty. We followed that up with summer rolls which came neatly packed with shrimp and finished off with clams in basil sauce. Back to the chairs... Everything was good, and it's too bad the chairs offered such a poor seating experience. I swear it's like the backs curved inwards. Unless you sit straight as a board you just want to get out of the chair, which is too bad because there so much good food to enjoy.
This location is inside the Arcadia mall. I've been to the one on Prince St twice, and it's exactly the same menu. The bone marrow is not good - so congealed and solid, doesn't melt into the broth the way Ginger and Lemongrass' does. The #1 pho is pretty good and it's my go-to! I like that they give you a lot of beef! But I don't like their spring rolls (skin is too thick and chewy) or anything else they offer except the #1 pho. Also, $1.75 extra for ONE wing and $3.50 extra for ONE tiny lambchop?!?!?!?!??! Don't do the add-ons!
Finally a decent pho place in flushing! It seems like it just open not that long ago, inside a small food/shopping center. They don't have an actual sign on the outside, so it was a little difficult to find. I eat pho a lot and this place did not disappoint. Me and my sister got the #2 pho on the menu, there's only one size. You can pay more to add on bone marrow, pork chop, etc. Broth was good, you can taste it was cooked for a long time and that it's not just salt or msg. Giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because the cups they use to pour tea and utensils seems very old and dirty. There were cracks on our cups and spoons were given to us with stains. That is definitely something they need to improve on. Other than that, service was quick and staff was friendly.
Decided to try this place rather than go to our usual pho in downtown flushing. Nice civilized atmosphere. Lots of families with young children. Service was very polite and attentive. However the food is just not the best Vietnamese you can get in flushing. The pho broth was a bit weak and the rice noodles were a bit over cooked. The pork rice vermicelli was served in a lovely stone bowl but also lacking the usual punch of flavors. Fried spring rolls did not come with mint or fish sauce. Shrimp sugar cane was cold in the center like it was just superficially reheated. Come here for a nice experience and ok food with good presentation. Go to downtown flushing across the library for really delicious food in a dingy environment.
Pros:- portions are big (the regular size is pretty big and the large is huge)- the spider summer roll was very yummy (the peanut sauce is excellent here) but I still prefer the freshness of a classic shrimp summer roll - the pho bowls include tripe!- prices on the pre-opening menu are very reasonable but will probably go up- I love the free dessert they served (some sort of coconut pudding) Cons:- the beef bone add on is literally just a bone; hardly any meat or bone marrow on there. Not even worth the $3 pre-opening price- I wish there are other options for pho, like grilled meat or beef ball, for people who don't like the regular beef slicesOverall: broth and noodles were good but like any other pho place. Impressed with the peanut sauce and will return for the jumbo shrimp summer roll. The grilled pork-chop add-on is yummy and worth it!
Pros:Very generous portions. A lot of meat in their pho as well as noodles!They offer a small dessert at the end for free.Cons:The bone marrow isn't as worth as you think. The bone is big however there might not be much bone marrow inside!I got the rack of lamb with my pho which tasted very good but it was very small as well. I've been here twice so far and I definitely think their pho is good for the price. If you wanna get their extra things with the pho it's fun for an experience but I don't personally think it's as worth the money. With that being said I also really wanna try their lobster pho, I've heard good things about that!
this is probably one of the best place to get vietnamese food in Flushing. Coming from Philadelphia where Pho is the best thing ever, I noticed that Flushing lacked a really good pho place.Thus far this place has the best pho, but if you're not a pho person, they also have really good rice dishes.
BEST RIBEYE STEAK IN PHO! No other pho place actually give you ribeye this juicy and deliciously textured!I think it's my new favorite pho spot to cure hangover in flushing now.The broth with the added bone marrow tasted much more fatty and you get more of that grilled aroma, it's great if that's what you're looking for.The iced Viet coffee was watered down :/ and yes I've drained the water from the ice before mixing.. BUT they do give you a small complimentary dessert at the end!
Not that bad, just average pho. I grew up eating a Pho Bang my entire life and I decided to try this place for convenience. I ordered the same thing that I usually do which is pho with grilled pork with the Vietnamese crispy spring rolls. The price is pretty average to what I am used to. The bowls were huge as well but my bowl of pho had very little noodles. The ratio was 1:4 in terms of noodles to soup which was pretty disappointing. Another issue that I have is that the flavor is pretty bland and just doesn't stand a chance to Pho Bang (i hate to compare but this is what i am experienced with). Same thing with the spring rolls, it was just crispy and the filling didn't really taste like anything. The only thing is that the restaurant is very clean and aesthetically pleasing but I do not think I will be returning here and I will stick to my original to-go place.
I have always seen pictures of a particular pho dishes with a huge bone marrow within. Not until now did I find that this dish is found here. I had huge expectations and it sure matched it. The bone marrow really gave the dish a new taste. With only 3 dollars more, it's sure worth the experience. My next dish will definitely be the lobster within the pho.
First time eating at Pho Best. I ordered Spring Rolls & Pork over Rice Vermicelli. No bean sprouts or scallions. Served on a wooden pedestal box, a tiny bit of vinaigrette and chopsticks.I ate part of it for lunch at the restaurant, and the other half for dinner at home. Everything, even the vermicelli, had seasoning thus every bite was tasty. However when I was eating the rest for dinner, I wished for plain vermicelli to balance all the flavors. The carrots were pickled, daikon was pickled & slightly spicy, the pickled garlic was edible but not something I enjoyed eating all of. Lastly, the seasonings of this entree left an after taste in my mouth that night and the next morning. Took two rounds of teeth brushing to get rid of it.We also ordered the house special or Chef's special Calamari. Squid is perfectly cooked. It's topped with crispy bits of shallot, sauteed but slightly greasy scallion, a few diced pcs of green pepper and served on bed of fresh crispy lettuce leaves. You have to order this. The perfect bite is squid on top of a Lettuce leaf, shallot bits, scallion bits; crispy against texture of perfectly cooked squid = delicious.I'll be back though. I want to try the Brisket & Tendon Pho. If I do, that'll be the 2nd Photo in my life.
$15 for a whole lobster??? YES PLEASE. The only con is that it's extremely hard to get the meat out of the small parts such as the claws. There's a lot of noodle and broth even without the lobster. Extremely filling. Came early morning on a Friday and the waiter made sure to change the dishes often enough so we could get rid of the pieces that were eaten already. There's free dessert too!!! It came out to be $19 after tip and tax. Definitely worth it.
Located inside Arcadia mall, i like how there's a parking lot conveniently located downstairs. What drew to me this place was the lobster pho. Whole lobster in my pho! For $14.95 it was not bad. They cracked the shell for you so it wasnt too messy to eat. There's many add ons as well like bone marrow, wings, lambchop, crab patty etc. The lobster pho wasn't as flavorful as the regular beef one. But I still enjoyed it. Generous portions, lots of noodles. Staff was great and also gave us free dessert. Was it the best pho i've ever had,  no but it warmed my stomach on a very cold winter day.
Pho soup wasn't great or bad, it was ok. It tasted a little like the soup stock out of a can. Of course as a Vietnamese person, bad pho is very obvious to me. This place wasn't bad, wasn't amazing. I came for the bone marrow addition to the pho and that was definitely worth it. The price is more reasonable than Ginger and Lemongrass for a bowl of bone marrow pho (although you do get what you ask for in terms of soup quality). I add a lot of sriracha and lemon to my pho anyway so this place was fine for me. Good piece of marrow too! Place was a one-and-done for me. I encourage you to try it for the bone marrow pho!
This place is tucked away in Arcadia Mall in Flushing.  The menu is extensive and is a good value for the amount of food you receive, especially the lobster pho (a whole lobster!) and the large pho bowl which you can add bone marrow for an additional $3. I've had better pho, but the prices can't be beat for what you're getting.
Two words: Lobster Pho. This place is a gem for Vietnamese food in the heart of Flushing. I haven't been able to find any really good Viet food around my area for a long time but this will now be my go to spot. The price is incredible for both the amount the get and the flavor profile. The lobster pho was massive and pre cracked (thank goodness) making it easy to eat and enjoy. The broth was simple but flavorful and the noodles were aldente. The wait staff even helped me mix the sweet bean drink (I was afraid of spilling the beans, i know thats dumb but it's delicious and did not want to waste a single bean). And they gave a free complimentary dessert, gelatin with sweet corn which was light and refreshing. I can't wait to try more and more of their menu!
The bone marrow really peaked my interest so I had to try it while I was in the neighborhood.Overall giving it a 4 star rating.Service was great. They were courteous, accommodating, and promptly refilled our tea when it was low. They also offer a tasty complimentary dessert which is always a plus.Food - we each ordered #1 with a side of marrow. The bone marrow was the real reason we visit this placed. Overall the pho was good. The broth is clear and flavorful. Noodles and meat serving portions were generous. It was definitely a GREAT VALUE ITEM. The side of bone marrow was confusing though. Not sure why they recommend the pairing. They are both goodby itself, but together they do not work well. It's like having apple juice with butter, the pairing doesn't work. I would have preferred the bone marrow to have been offered with some bread instead.Location/decor - the restaurant is located inside a shopping center. It has an opened pass-thru to the mall, which takes away the feeling of being inside a restaurant and it feels more like being in a food court. I would suggest adding another glass panel to create a separation between the restaurant and the mall.In all, I do suggest the pho but don't pair with the bone marrow.
If you are looking for traditional pho, this isn't the place for you. They have creative take on pho, but it still can't beat the pho bang restaurants. I got the lobster pho, and the only thing that tasted good was the lobster, their broth is really bad and that's the most important part about eating pho, the spring rolls weren't crunchy and the service was not so good.
After seeing the reviews, I had really high expectations for this place. However, considering the overwhelming reviews I was, well, underwhelmed. The service was good; the staff was polite and attentive. I ordered the beef brisket and tendon pho, shrimp summer roll, and the three colored drink. When they brought out the drink I wanted to laugh aloud, was this a joke? Literally over half of the cup was filled with ice and then at the very bottom was a wee bit of the beans and jelly. I don't like being confrontational in restaurants so I just went with it, I scooped out all of the excess ice onto a plate, and the plate was definitely full with the amount of ice they provided. When the pho arrived I was pleased with the generous portion. I don't really have complaints with the pho, but it wasn't really anything special, it was pretty okay/average. They could have given a bit more bean sprouts considering the size of the soup, but that's a minor detail. The summer rolls were good, I enjoyed them. The complimentary dessert was nice too, and tasted good. If I was in the area and craved some pho, this place would definitely satiate that, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again. (I'm still a bit irritated by that joke of a drink they served me).
I was craving pho and I had read all the reviews on Yelp, and I was craving pho.The restaurant is on the second floor, and has a bit of a food court feel (out in the open) with other stores surrounding it.I came in for a pho and the broth was very good! (The bone marrow isn't worth the money). Service was standard (took a while for them to come to my table though) The pho was good, but there's nothing substancial that makes this place a special visit.
This review calls for more of a 3.5 stars because The place emphasize more on quantity than on quality. So I've been waiting to try this place since it first opened. I love viet food and was so excited to try it considering everyone was raving about it and they opened up a second location on prince sheet. After actually trying it, I was a little disappointed. First off, this place is actually owned and operated by fuzhounese people (no one is really viet here). Yes, the big bowl is HUGE and can probably feed 2 people. Hell, the regular bowl was even too big for me. However, I felt like the broth could have been a bit more flavorful and warmer (it was weird that it came out lukewarm). Regardless, I was so full at the end of the meal and the owner was very generous and gave out free desserts. Plus, pricing is very reasonable consider the amount of food you get (mostly noodles though). +$3 for a bone marrow and $15 for an entire lobster with pho is a steal!!! I didn't order the lobster but it looked delicious.
Inexpensive and large portions!Definitely a fan of the shrimp sitting rolls! They were fried to perfection! Food came out quickly and service was very efficient. The place looks clean. Definitely come here hungry. The lobster pho was enough to feed the both of us. A $20 dinner for two? I'm in!  Complimentary dessert was a nice touch although we are still confused on what it was. Will definitely come back.
The pho with grilled  bone marrow is to die!! casual soup place or regular night dine out! Not recommended for special dates thou!
Recently opened inside of Arcadia Mall - you'll see a grand opening sign for it at the main entrance. Would have never heard about this place if not for some friends who'd been and suggested it.Service was good. One of the waiters came over and helped us with our Vietnamese iced coffees (most likely to prevent us from accidentally breaking the drip filters haha) - the lid goes on the bottom to stop the drippage. Recommended if you like your coffee sweet! Make sure you finish stirring the coffee with the condensed milk while it's hot before pouring it into the glass of ice. Another waiter made sure to refill our water, which was served in mason jars! The pitcher was infused with either basil or mint from what I saw. At the end of our meal, we were given complimentary dessert. Food came out pretty quickly. I liked that the pho was served on wooden trays and that they included a small dish for if you wanted any hoisin/sriracha sauce on the side (some places don't provide a sauce tray unless you ask). You can add bone marrow to your pho for additional $3.00. There's also a lobster pho option for ~$15.00. I stuck to the Fresh Rib Eye, Tendon, Brisket, & Tripe pho ($8.25). Comes in a larger size for an additional dollar, but the regular size was large enough. Reasonable pricesOverall, not the "pho best" I've had. It was decent, but not great. I've eaten pho in Vietnam and have had tons of homemade pho before though, so I'm definitely biased. Friend who'd been there on another occasion said it was off the day we went, so I guess I'll just have to come back and see.
This is one of my go to spots when I'm in the mood for some Vietnamese soup noodles. It is located on Main Street inside the Arcadia Mall so you can easily miss this place you aren't looking carefully. I love their add on options to your bowl of noodles! My favorite is the bone marrow which I always get with lobster pho. This delicious bowl of goodness is also Great for hangovers. Some people go for greasy grilled cheese sandwiches and burgers..... I go for soup :)
Okay, so usually any store or restaurant that has the word "best" in it would turn me off. However, given the positive reviews I figured why the heck not... especially after seeing there is bone marrow! We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a table for two adults and a stroller. It was surprisingly busier than I had anticipated and there was even a small queue. The options on the menu were vast and everything sounds so delicious. However we decided to order the signature dishes at a typical Vietnamese restaurant. We ordered the Vietnamese crispy spring rolls and of course pho. I added bone marrow to my pho order as well. The ingredients of the springs appeared to be very fresh. Flavors were good. It was not crispy but soggy which was a shame. All the reviews about the portion size of the pho is no joke... they are unnecessarily HUGE! I love large portions and I eat a lot, but this was pure madness. The pho were rather tasty - not the best I've had, but not bad either. Just average. The bone marrow was very sad. The bone itself was large but the amount of marrow was minuscule. I felt ripped off as it definitely is not worth the extra $3. Service was efficient and friendly. We even got a free coconut dessert to share at the end.
YES! Got my Pho Best without the long line! Got the bone marrow pho. My sisters got the whole lobster pho. The broth is very good for both the lobster and marrow pho. The regular size bowl is plenty of food and will more than fill you up, but for the truly hungry there is a large bowl. Do yourself a favor and stick with the regular bowl. The service was excellent, and handled our large party of 6 easily.
First thing first, this place is VERY clean (so far). Service is phenomenal. The waiter that we had was very patient and gave us time to look at the menu unlike other pho restaurant near the area where they would just sit you down and immediate ask what you want. The pho was pretty standard. Nothing stood out asides from the broth being very light and them giving you a hefty amount of food.  You can tell the chef/cooks spent time preparing and cooking.
We wanted to try this place since there aren't any good viet restaurants in queens and it is fairly new. I love trying new restaurants before they get filled with patrons and the wait gets ridiculous. Plus with a newborn in tow, a clean place is definitely a plus! First impression is that the plates and utensils are huge! And the meal prices are pretty cheap. For a giant bowl of pho..and I mean BIG, it will set you back $9! That's a steal!!! I dunno many places that I can get a dinner meal for that price. And they provide a complimentary coconut dessert. We ordered the lobster pho (had to try it after seeing all the yelp photos) and the grilled lamb chops. We were disappointed that the lamb chops didn't come with rice. The dish was overly salty so rice was definitely needed. The pho broth was just ok..it needed more depth. But for $15 to get a whole lobster?!?! I think that's a steal! It def satisfy my lobster cravings. Next time I wanna try their regular pho with ribeye. Overall I would def come back cause it's cheap! Your money will go a long way at this restaurant. Our bill came out to be $34... which includes lobster pho, grilled lamb, and viet coffee! Fancy date night at a low budget viet restaurant lol
Came on a Wednesday night and ordered a spider summer roll and classic beef pho. It was quite empty and the food came pretty fast.The broth was light and not too salty. The spider roll was a unique twist on the traditional summer roll, but I still prefer it with shrimp.They did mess up on my order by sending the wrong summer roll, but other than that, it's a nice pho spot.
Nice little spot in the Arcadia Mall. I love a menu that doesn't have an overwhelming amount of options. I ordered a regular/small pho, which is by no means a small portion...which is a GOOD THING. It's great for solo dining. They also throw in a free dessert (kind of a coconut custard). I'm going back.
Good with large portions for the cost. This is definitely one of those places you're looking to get satisfied on the cheap rather than look for an amazing meal. Still worth a repeat.
A stop that you wouldn't expect in this little mall!I didn't even know it existed there.  The service and food was great! It does have bone marrow pho and it wasn't an arm and a leg to add it.  We even added pork chops on the side.  We did split some of the appetizers like the grilled squid and the mixed platter!  The bowls are also huge, a lot of us ended up splitting our bowls with another friend.I would check it out again and try some of their other food =)As always check and like my instagram Jliueats and check the photos I always post
Good portion for a very fair price. Came with tea and dessert with the meal. Came in with a jacket and walked out with a T-shirt. The broth hits the soul. $5 parking all around.  Friendly staff. Missing the condiment section for the sauce and the menu is different from the phone place I'm use to from back in the days but I feel like thats what scared alot of customers away. Most of my friends I brought to pho spots would ask me to make the sauce for them. Definitely recommend this place.
While this is not the best pho I've had, it's one of the better pho places in NYC. We ordered the shrimp summer roll, shrimp spring roll and pho #1 with the bone marrow for an extra $3, and pho #2. The dipping sauce for the summer roll had more of a tang which resembled that of a salad dressing. It wasn't bad but I prefer the usual, more peanut flavored dipping sauce. The shrimp spring roll was very fresh and tasty. Pho #1 and #2 are essentially the same except in size. #1 is the large while #2 is the regular size. The regular size is enough to fill you up if you're also ordering appetizers. Skip the bone marrow. Not worth the extra $3. It didn't really have any flavor to it and the texture was off since it was served lukewarm. The soup was rich in flavor but didn't come out steaming hot as I usually prefer since there's raw beef, which btw was tender and fresh. Didn't taste like rubber beef slices as you might find at some pho places in the city. Overall, I would come back here. The food is reasonably priced and the portion size is decent. Ambience is casual and service is average. No complaints.
Conveniently located in the heart of Flushing, Pho Best seems to be one of the restaurants I find myself defaulting to when I can't decide on what to eat. Prices are decent considering the portion of the dishes and SWEET BABY JESUS I loveeee that they have bone marrow! This place's really began to grow on me and now I can't stop going back (help). The only thing I have a problem with is the broth- it doesn't taste very authentic. It seems to be missing the rich, woody aroma that many Vietnamese pho bowls have.
The employee are super nice and their food are amazing. The store looks aesthetically pleasing to the eyes. The way the food is placed and the experiment here is so different from any other Pho place in Flushing. The rainbow ice drink is delicious also their coffee. They don't add any msg and try's to get the freshest ingredients! They serve you water in a mason jar, which is so cute! The water is infused with lemon or lime and I believe mint but I maybe wrong! It's a great spot for family and friends or just yourself alone :)I forgot to add they make the dessert themselves and it taste amazing!!
Compared to a lot of places in Flushing, the service here was on point. The waiters and waitresses were polite and always made sure you didnt wait on anything. We ordered the vermicelli platter and the pho with bone marrow.. because we do it for the IG. The bone marrow is a one time thing for me. In my opinion, it made the pho a little too oily for me. The soup was also not hot enough for me when it was brought out in front of us.. I felt like the meat and beansprouts couldnt really cook in there. Flavor wise.. It was on point. I really enjoyed the spring rolls there compared to many of the Vietnamese places I have been to in Flushing.
My first time trying this place. I ordered a carry-out of Pho Dac Biet, Grilled Pork Vermicelli and Grilled Chicken on rice. Overall, all 3 dishes were good, but more salty than what I am used to- especially, the grilled meats. Notable Pro's: fast service, friendly staff, well-spoken friendly receptionist, food is good (not the best- no pun intended), reasonable pricing, decor is ok, Notable Con's: location (inside a mall, not easy to find, not as simple like a traditional store front), food was salty.
Since Pho32 was gone in Flushing, it's been hard to find good comparable Pho place around.  Nothing's been aunthentic, except the one in Kissena, but you dont want to dine there where there's no ambience and service sucks. Finally found PHO BEST, now theres someplace to go when Im cravjng good vietnamese Pho.  Price is affordable, good service, Pho is good, but 4 star bc its still not as good as Pho32.
This place was surprisingly delicious and modern.  It gave me a nostalgic feeling as I sat down.  The atmosphere and the unique kinds of food Pho Best offered reminded of this fancy pho place I visited in Quincy, MA! The table next to us ordered a whole lobster with pho and it was very appealing. However, my girlfriend and I decided to split a large bowl of pho.  The broth here was very interesting and not like other pho restaurants we been to.  It was way more flavorful and the broth was also a little more oily than the traditional kind of pho broth.  I have to say that the meats that they used was very fresh and I enjoyed it quite a lot.  If I didn't already have dinner, I would have ordered two bowls just because of how delicious it was.  The service was really nice as well.  I enjoyed how they were very attentive to their patrons.  We were also given some complementary coconut pudding as dessert so that was also nice!
Had the spring roll, summer roll, beef pho, and lobster pho. Everything was good. Except for the summer roll. They used thousand island as their sauce. Super weird. I would come back but I had better in flushing.
I've been to quite a few places for Pho and this place has to have been the best! The food looked great, tasted awesome, was CLEAN, didn't hit my wallet too hard and showed great hospitality!My fiancé got the Pho Big Bowl and it was much bigger than her head. Immediately she said, "when they said 'big bowl' they really meant 'BIG BOWL!'"We got pork chops to share (ended up just taking it home because we couldn't even finish our own entreé's. Usually, in other vietnamese restaurants we would need to order a little extra, extra.) I got the Spring roll and Grilled Beef Rice Vermicelli and that tasted great too! It came out in a really nice bowl as well. They also gave free dessert! Coconut pudding with bits of sweet potato. It tasted great!My fiancé and I will definitely come back!
Good food, terrible service. Ordered raw beef pho with bone marrow, then a 2nd serving of bone marrow came cold.  Waiter's response was "you should've said something earlier" well i didn't feel the need until i felt nauseous  Congrats you lost a customer over $3
My experience here is always great! Their pho proportions are HUGE and I love it! My first time here was about a month ago and I had the Lobster Pho because I saw the reviews and it was pretty great. This time I had the brisket pho with the bone marrow and it was great. The noodles weren't soggy and were just the right kind of soft. Their soup base is amazing although maybe for some people it may be salty but I love it. Their viet spring rolls were amazing as well. This might be my go to for pho
I love pho so I always want to try our new places for Pho. After reading all the good reviews, I wanted to try this place!! However, definitely a disappointment.The broth isn't rich like most pho places, it actually tastes pretty bland. There are not that much meat and the service is only mediocre.3/10 would come back again
This place is , fast friendly, And cheap love it .the chicken pho was delicious, deff one of the place I would go to again.
I really enjoyed the pho here. The service is honestly very bad but really, the food is great i disregarded it. When i come to restaurants, service is a great deal for me because it brings mood for eating & a good impression. However, this place had such good pho i barely paid mind to it
OMG this place is to die for! Came here after all the hype and I can understand what the hype is all about. It's so good! I ordered the big bowl of pho with all the meats and it's better than your regular pho and less sodium and MSG added too. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon cubes over rice and it came in a huge portion and it was delicious. The best part is that it's relatively cheap and not crazy expensive. Overall, I think all the prices are decent and fair. You get a lot for what you pay for. Lastly, free dessert in the end with every meal!
Decided to try finally this spot with my sis, I was surprised that this spot actually took over the previous restaurant that was there (It was called Chin Chin Cheese Ribs or something like that, but I liked it) The servers were all very nice and attentive. We both ordered the regular Pho, and it came out extremely fast..questionably fast. That being said, the Pho was not warm as I would imagine..and I like my noodles warm. Besides that, the Pho was good but nothing extraordinary. They'll also give you a complimentary dessert at the end which I thought was pretty cute.
This place is great! Highly recommend the pho and the vermacilli! Can't wait to come back to try the lobster pho
I came across this place because of the snow storm and really wanted a pho. Trying out this new place, I will definitely ask my friends to come here instead. The place is cozy, quite, clean and comfortable. The price is at the right range. The size of the bowl is very satisfacting.
Had occasion to try this with Wifey recently.  Interesting space in one of those mini Flushing malls within-a-commercial-building.  Service was prompt - Wifey ordered curry dish with side salad and I ordered one of their vermicelli platters.  They didn't have ANY of the sandwiches on the menu, which was a bit of a let down because they looked interesting, but I digress.  Food arrived quickly despite the place being pretty packed.  Both our dishes were decent at best.  Hate to say it, but it tasted like cheap mall food court food - Imitation ingredients, not fresh, bland and the spring rolls tasted like they were microwaved and added to dish.  Overall, we ate and concluded it was a seriously underwhelming experience food-wise.  Wifey asked the woman at the table next to her what she was eating, as it looked pretty good, and the woman said it was not good at all and that Wifey should not bother trying it.This would have been a 3 star review, as I recognize that tastes vary, and the service, as well as the prices, were entirely reasonable.  However, Wifey and I barely made it home before she got violently ill.  She was seriously sick for 2 full days, and it too almost a week for her to eat relatively normal again.  We resolved that it was her salad, which did not taste right and it was the only thing I did not touch (I tried her curry).  Also, it was the only time she ate that day, which kind of narrows down the suspected origin of her illness.  I am no longer allowed to pick new places to try because of Pho Best.While this was likely a food preparation/handling error, it still happened and cost them a star.  We will not be returning, ever.If you want excellent Vietnamese food that is far more fresh, authentic and delicious, travel a bit farther out of downtown flushing and head over to: Mekong15632 Northern Blvd, Flushing, NY 11354We have been there many, many times and never had a bad experience.  Food is consistently outstanding, and our experience at Pho Worst made us appreciate how awesome it really is.
Very flavorful . Priced very reasonable, great service and the place is very clean . Inside a mini mall .
Service was great! Came in with my little cousins who was causing a ruckus but the waitress was so kind and accommodating. We ordered a beef noodle soup with bone marrow, steak dish, and wings. We were told that they gave us an extra bone marrow since one of them was so small which was very considerate of them. I would only suggest that they serve the food hotter in terms of temperature but it was still so tasty! I'm sure they would have no issues if I were to tell them to warm it up more. I would definitely come again.
The best pho ever!!! Very courteous, attentive and friendly. 2 of us were comfortably seated at a table for four which we were very thankful for.
New spot in Flushing for Viet food. I have to say that I was expecting better. We ordered the soft shell crab summer rolls, bone marrow pho, and a grilled pork chop with pork/crab patty over rice. The pho came out first (after about 10 minutes) and was the best dish of all. Broth was deep in flavor and piping hot, just how it's supposed to be. Big bone full of marrow but it seemed a little lacking in flavor. Just because they charred it, doesn't make it automatically good. Big portion so you won't leave hungry. The soft shell crab summer roll followed about 15 minutes later. Nothing special and the peanut sauce definitely does not pair well with the crab. Maybe it's just me? Now my pork chop and rice dish. Why it took an additional 20 minutes to come to the table is beyond me. I was expecting something hot and super impressive but was underwhelmed by the cold everything on the plate. It was also a bit hard to communicate with the waitstaff so I just decided to eat it since I was already starving. This place has taught me that even though my favorite pho place is ghetto looking and a little out of the way, that I shouldn't be easily swayed because this place has fancier decor. Never again will I sway again. Back to ghetto pho I go! Sorry not sorry.
They have lobster pho for 14.95! Say what?! It's a whole lobster too! It's less than a pound but hey it's still a great price! They crack it open for you still you really don't have to work that hard. How can you go wrong? But wait there's still more! They have bone marrow too! It's a $3 add on but worth it. The have 2 sizes for pho. The large for $9.95 plus bone marrow makes it $12.95 which is pretty affordable compared to other places. Run don't walk, this place is amazing! It's inside the Arcadia mall and you'll have to use the bathroom downstairs but who cares! The pho is great and affordable!
Great addition of Vietnamese restaurants in NY. Great location as it's off the main area of Main Street so parking is easier. Free metered parking after 7pm. Service is quick and friendly. Cleanliness could be better though. Started with the fried shrimp rolls which were amazing! Perfectly fried and great flavor. Giant shrimps too! Also had the summer rolls which were good. The dipping sauce is different from the standard as it has more of a vinaigrette-ish sauce but still worked well. My wife had the pho which was huge for a standard size. Broth wise was good but the not the best. I had the bbq beef vermicelli bowl which may be one of the best I had in NY. Beef had lots of flavor and wrapped with a baby onion in the middle which was great. The bowl had more of a variety of condiments in it which was a nice touch. Loved the baby onions in it! They gave us a free dessert which was a corn pudding cake. Everything was great. We'll be back!
I was sent to Flushing for work for 3 weeks.  I always enjoy finding little gems to experience.  Pho is just that.  I have already been here 3x. Cleanest restaurant you will find.  Service has always been great as well.  I ordered the chicken Pho each time, delicious, filling and just the right amount of spice and flavorful.  It could use just a little more chicken but otherwise is great.
Hey this place pho best should be called pho worst. This is the worse pho I've ever been to in my life. They make absolutely the worse pho ever when I got my pho it was a huge chunk of noodles all Stuck together and the soup was not even warm... it looked like food I left out for hours and the soup had fat floating on top of it. When you order pho you expect your soup to be hot or at least warm enough to cook the raw meat that they give. How do you expect the raw meat you give me to cook in barely warm soup???? Worst pho I've ever ate at.
This is my favorite Vietnamese place in downtown flushing. Modern decoration, Great broth and giant bowl of noodles with a reasonable price.
This spot is very similar to ginger and lemongrass.. pretty sure they took their ideas from them. It's amazing. It's a bit cheaper and tastes very healthy and delicious!! No MSG added.. I'm not crazy about pho, but this is the best pho in all of flushing for sure! Their meat is better quality as well. Definitely get the bone marrow in your pho! They give you a coconut jelly type dessert when you get the check.
I want to give this place 3.5. I ordered the pho with the bone marrow. The soup was pretty good but the marrow felt too small. There was a good amount of beef, tendon and tripe. I liked there wasn't a lot of onions. Beef could be a little rarer. I also had the Vietnamese spring roll. It was a good side. The con was is not crispy enough and the filing was off. Flavors were there but the texture was not expected. Bright side, got a complimentary coconut pudding for dessert.
Came here on a Saturday night with a friend after seeing all the great reviews on Yelp. Took us forever to find parking so I'd say to take the bus or try to walk it if you can. Main Street is alwayss difficult for parking. Got a little lost trying to find the place since it is inside of a mini mall but as soon as we got in the mall, you couldn't miss it. As for the food, we got a brisket pho, a lemongrass chicken plate, a Vietnamese drip coffee and a tea w condensed milk. I eat pho at least once a week and i could honestly say I wanted to love this place but the broth was a little bland and lack luster for me. The chicken plate was tasty, I'd probably come back for the pork chop next time. The best thing about this place overall is the service. The hostess, servers and waitress were all beyond sweet, helpful and attentive. The food itself was a 3.5 but the service and such low cost bumped it to a 4.
First of all. The food was picture worthy. I came here because a friend had really nice pics of the food at pho best. The service was 2 stars because they forgot our order and took way to long for the lobster pho. Waited about 30min while the bone marrow and the beef pho came out right away. The food was pretty bland and one of the bone marrows had nothing in it. Was like eating a bone. The clams had a really eww after taste. And had sand in them. Overall I wouldnt come here again, but it was a good experience.
Located inside Arcadia Mall next to Dumpling Galaxy, this is a new pho spot and yes, it is good. The crispy shrimp spring roll is perfectly crispy and the size was decently big. Highly recommend this one. The grilled pork chop over rice tastes exactly like the one at pho bang (my favorite pho place in flushing). And we got a large pho to share and it is MASSIVE, so beware. The broth is great but the flavor could be a tad bit stronger. And at the end, they gave us cake as a free dessert! We really enjoyed this place and would come here again. I'm happy that there's a new spot for pho in flushing.
The place is located inside of a small Chinese mall. The service was alright but not the best. The waitress serving us didn't speak much english. I had the lobster pho, however it wasn't anything amazing like the reviews.
They got an A+ for decor, cleanliness, and service.  The food was similar to other Vietnamese restaurants.  The price was slightly higher but I don't mind paying the extra $ for cleaner food.
Came here on a Friday night at dinner time. Right when we arrived we were seated right away, there was no wait and service was excellent. The atmosphere of this place was very clean and modern unlike the other Vietnamese restaurants in flushing. A big plus since the sauce bottles were not sticky. We ordered a lobster pho, a number 2 pho noodle with bone marrow and Vietnamese spring rolls. Most of the food came out quick however they had to get the lobster from somewhere else so it took about 15 mins for the lobster pho. The soup base was not as rich and flavorful as other Vietnamese restaurants in flushing but the bone marrow made up for it. The lobster pho was delicious, they use a beef broth base and a fresh whole lobster. Food was delicious and price was inexpensive ($8.25 for the #2 pho +$3 for bone marrow and 14.95 for lobster pho).
Food is great.Pho Big Bowl is huge.The shrimp roll was very good.
I tried this place out twice and was not disappointed. Their quality is definitely outstanding compared to other pho places in places, such as pho bang (the dirtiest place ever lol). The raw beef is really tender and soft. The broth is nice and clean. The staff is friendly and speaks decent English. I love their spring rolls and shrimp spring rolls- really great texture. The spring roll is chewy and crunch.Highly recommend!
Got a notice from yelp about this new restaurant, read the reviews and was very excited to give it a try.  Vietnamese is one of favorite cuisine.  We ordered fried spring rolls, salt and pepper squid, brisket and tendon pho, fresh rib eye and beef stew pho, bulaclac, pork chops and filet mignon rice vermicelli.  First off, customer service was great.  We were seated right away.  Food:-Spring rolls were just ok-Salt and pepper squid for $8.95 was very very small portion but it was also tasteless.-Brisket n tendon was ok-the broth was not as tasty as I would have liked.-beef stew was not what I was expecting.  I've ordered beef stew in other Vietnamese restaurants n it's normally chunks of meat with thicker broth.  This one was just the same thinly slice meat and clear broth.-pork chop was very chewy.  It was even hard to cut it up with steak knife.-bulaclac was tender but not as tasty or flavorful -filet mignon rice vermicelli was good but I the meat could be more flavorful.To sum up, besides the salt and pepper squid all the dishes were generous portions.  Presentation of the dishes was very nice.  All the dishes definitely not flavorful for my taste but I did read somewhere that they don't use msg?!  So maybe I'm not use to eating this healthy but I'm can't imagine that the lack of flavor is all due to that one ingredient.  Prices are also very reasonable but I don't think I will go back.
I was drawn to this place because there was pho lobster and that was different. The price was also not too bad and for what you got seem to be worth it. We started with the Vietnamese spring roll which was just okay. We were more interested in the main dishes but when it came, I was somewhat disappointed since the pho just taste like any other pho but with a lobster. The broth was okay as well, didn't have any lobster taste to it. I felt that my lobster was over cooked and very bland tasting. It also got very annoying to try and get all the lobster meat out, but the thing I did appreciate was that they cracked some parts of the lobster for us. My friend ordered the regular pho with bone marrow (extra $3). The beef itself in the regular pho wasn't bad. I am not sure if the bone they gave us was just not as juicy in marrow as other people's but only half of the bone was filled, the rest was pretty much just bone. Our food cooled down really quickly and we left questioning whether or not we would go back again to try the food.
New pho spot in flushing. Nothing different from the ordinary pho. But the add on-bone marrow was pretty good and the broth wasn't so watered down. The waiters didn't speak much English.. but food is universal.. right? Will definitely come back.
Taste is very close to the authentic pho bang soup base . There is only one size to the Pho ( large ) . But the ribeye was fresh .We also tried the spider spring roll which you dip in a light peanut sauce . Pretty much a summer roll with fried soft shell crabs .
Not bad, finally you got one fresh and tasty pho in flushing. I hope it can survives longer so we can come back again.
Nothing special other than they make it more presentable than regular pho spots. I ordered the bone marrow pho and they forgot the bone marrow. Soup base was extremely salty. My friend ordered an ice tea and they forgot that until he asked again after we already finished the meal. Don't order the "crunchy" spring rolls, they're straight up ass and soggy as f***.
The staff are friendly and helpful. This place is a really good bang for the bug as the portion is big, the place is modern, clean, and not very noisy. I'd love to be back.
Pho was really good and tasted extremely fresh considering we were there at nearly closing. Staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating as I wanted the brisket and rib eye , as wasn't on the menu. Free dessert at the end was a huge plus, and on top delicious.
Tried soft shell  spring roll and Ph with lobster. . The soup kinda kill the sweetness of the lobster, and the lobster made the soup cool down too fast when they bring it to the table. And no meatball? The peanut dipping sauce for the soring rolls is too sour, no balance in term of flavors. Presentation: 8 - Food: 5
Excited to finally try a new spot to eat Pho. Located right on main street in a cozy corner of Arcadia mall. My girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 7pm, it was pretty crowded and we can see how popular this new place was already. The restaurant appears very clean and modern, they first bring you ice water in little jars, at first we thought there was something odd in the water until they told us it was lemon water. When we got the menus, the price for this place is definitely low $. Comparable to Pho Bang on main. My gf ordered a regular Beef Pho and I got the Grilled Beef Pho, we also ordered Shrimp Spring rolls  and an order of Grilled Pork chops that came in 3 pieces for $7 wow, it was super juicy and tasty, not overly dry or burnt. Shrimp rolls were each filled with a  large shrimp and super crispy on the outside. When the Grilled Beef Pho finally came, it had a good presentation and came in a large portion, the Grilled pieces of beef were on the side and the noodle soup was lukewarm, bland and sour. Because this is a new Pho spot the soup needs more work. I did not get the urge to finish all the noodles because the soup was just not that good. After being used to years of soup from Pho Bang and trying another popular place Madam Vo in the city where the soups are the star of the show. I will definitely need to come back here in a few months to try the Pho again for improvements.
This spot is not too bad. Portions size definitely on the bigger end and the rice dishes come w a salad which is dope. Is it better than pho bang tho.... depending on what you craving. A little more variety, I'll say here. But if you want the og pho, pho bang all the way.
This place was well-hidden as it's inside a building and not just a store in the open. Their pho tastes better than average given the Flushing area. The portions are fairly large. If you're ordering noodle soup, I'd highly recommend adding bone marrow, it really enhances the soup flavor. One small problem is that the store is near a barber shop or hair salon, and I unluckily got a table that was near it, so I lept getting whiffs of hair products and such. The restaurant also didn't give our table water, which I'm assuming they forgot, because no restaurant anywhere doesn't give water.
A cute well kept spot inside a mall. I didn't expect that it. Still a nice place to eat. I had the pho with bone marrow. So good. I ordered another. The staff was pleasant. I enjoyed it very much.
Delicious pho! Good broth and the meat was tender. Portion is good and price is inexpensive. Would definitely recommend if craving pho in flushing.
This is the best pho I had in years!  I got the Brisket and Ribeye large Pho for $9.25 ; they gave plenty of meat, I counted six slices of Brisket and 6 large slices of Rib Eye that was medium well Pink. The broth had pronounced Star Anise flavor which is great I think...... I also asked for more Basil and they were not hesitant at all to provide it........great customer service, I would highly recommend this place for anyone who craves Pho.
To be honest, I had high expectations for this place after reading the reviews but I was dissapointed after my meal. We order the #2 Pho which is the medium sized pho and a pork chop rice. The ambience is very nice but the quality of the food wasn't that great. The meat for the pho was already cooked and the broth was on the salty side. For the pork chop, it came out brunt and there was more fatty to it than lean meat. The pork chop also came out too salty. But what I really liked about this place was the free dessert that they gave at the end. I think I'll just stick with pho bang which is also a lot cheaper!
I actually found this place as I was looking up another Flushing restaurant. The food and reviews looked good so we ventured to Pho Best in the middle of the slight snow storm NY had recently. The restaurant is in Arcadia mall, and it is a few blocks away from Main Street. We got 2 appetizers, the Crispy Spring Shrimp Rolls and Spider Summer Rolls. The shrimp in the spring rolls were really good, but the crispy skin didn't work, I don't know but the skin was off. I really liked the summer rolls dipped in fish sauce. I don't like peanut sauce so I tend to use fish sauce for dipping. We also got 2 Vietnamese dripped iced coffee drinks, and it was okay. I don't know what it was, but it didn't taste strong enough, which I always enjoy whenever I do go to Vietnamese restaurants.For entrees, we got Pho with brisket & tendon and the Grilled Pork Chop with shredded pork, egg crab patty and rice. The pho was huge and it was a small since they had an medium option. I was so full from the appetizers, that I only got a few bites, but the broth and the brisket were flavorful, and that's all you need, at least for me. I didn't enjoy the tendon too much, but there was definitely plenty so if you do, you're in for a treat. My boyfriend had the grilled pork chop and he said it was well cooked, but the egg crab patty wasn't enjoyable, I actually had a piece too and didn't like it either.  The restaurant itself was clean and the staff were friendly, so if you're in the area, it's worth the visit.
Since they opened up we been there multiple times already! Food is great and the price is very reasonable. Staff are friendly and bonus points for the free dessert at the end!
Must try big bowl of vietnamese noodle! It's really a big bowl with very delicious soup! The waitress are very nice. A waitress recommended me shrimp spring roll. It's really crispy and yummy! Also they gave us some free small cakes at the end. Definitely will come back again!
I love this place so much. Their food is amazing and their service is wonderful. They even serve you coconut pudding after each meal! Great viet food and pricing is decent as well.
This place is clean and their pho is really good! It comes in large portion even to go! I got plenty of noodles and beef! I also got their summer rolls, which is really good! It was worth it, and I have noticed​ that this place is really clean. Staff is very friendly and also this is perfect for cold weather!
On a cold night is nothing better than a warm bowl of Vietnamese Lobster pho this is my first time here great little restaurant wonderful selection of beef or Lobster pho really enjoyed the bone marrow and the crab roll appetizer looking forward to returning
Pho Best is really the best! Really great food and service. It's obvious they're all hard working. Totally recommend and defiantly going to go back again.
I would give zero star if I could. Worst Restaurant in the World~ I was eating at a restaurant last night and a waitress accidentally spilled a drink (rainbow ice drink) on my lap. NOT even a single person from the restaurant come over to APOLOGIZE. They didn't offer to dry my pants with a hair dryer. They only comped my drink and clean up the floor. Over an hour after the incident, because it was the middle of winter and having to go out into the cold with wet pants. NEVER GOING BACK! AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!
Their pho is good but the broth could have been more fragrant and flavorful. Noodles and brisket were really good. Portions are huge for a regular bowl. For $8.25 You definitely get your money's worth. The free mini dessert is a nice touch. FYI this place is run by Chinese people who may speak Vietnamese but I all heard was Mandarin and Cantonese.
Upgraded pho.. Fancy. I love to get it with bone marrow. It made the soup creamier (and more cholesterol). In additional; presentation and service. Compare to other pho, this place is slightly pricey, but more meats.We visited few days after opening. We are hoping that they can keep the quality the same.
This was a great experience overall. The best part was the lobster pho. I was hesitant at first to order it because I wasn't sure if I was going to get quality lobster, but the lobster they served was packed with meat and noodles were very good!! And they also gave everyone free delicious coconut pudding dessert with some yellow beans in them. However, I can only give them 4 stars because the spring rolls were not that good. I wouldn't order their spring rolls again but would go back for the lobster pho and the coconut pudding.
Great food and very friendly waiters.The best Pho in town very clean and presentable.
We have been coming since it first opened.  Delish Vietnamese food and the flavors and quality are always consistent.  We ordered the grilled shrimp vermicelli noodle and hubby had the curry chicken baguette.
I had #1 which is pho with basically everything in it.  Tendon, tripe, brisket and ect.   Also got the fried crispy shrimp and vegetable summer roll.  The vegetable summer roll was really good.  I would say it is in the top 5 that I have tried so far.  The shrimp roll was nice and crispy but it was also greasy.  But you can tell it is clean oil.  Not the reussed oil, so that was a plus.  However after you eat 2 piece, you just can't eat anymore unless you are the type that like greasy food.  As for the pho.  Not the best I've tried but not the worst.  As few people said, it I decent for the price.  It is a place you would go if you were near there or passing by, but not good enough to go out of your way to get the pho.  Also, that being said.  Make sure you eat there.  Do not do take out.  When you eat there, the portion is much larger than when you take it home.  It is about 1/3 less when you do a take out for pho.  So best to just eat it there.
The rib eye is so meltingly tender (good quality meat) and with large portions. They provide service with a smile. The broth has a bit more anise than I would like but it was open on Christmas. Would come back.
The most authentic Vietnamese Restaurant in Flushing, and their price is reasonable.
Called to place an order for a pho pick up. Lady with heavy accent picks up and first thing I hear is. No Derrrivery... I said okay...i want to pick up and asked how long should I come by in she screamed  #how wrong?? Twuu minutt". Chinese lady was very rude and unprofessional. I hope the pho makes up for rude customer service.
It's first time here , Im sure will bring friends come. Nice and clean. The soup tastes good.
i saw this vietnamese food from wecgat moment everyone say here is best pho in flushing so i came and try was unbelievedable so love the noodle soup i order with a bone marrow taste so good high recommand come try out and they give free dessert
New pho restaurant that is relatively close to the OG places in flushing: pho bang and pho hoang. There's definitely more of a modern vibe that will definitely get the younger crowd with the more "instagramable" aesthetic look to the food. They still have the traditional menu items but also has a slight twist with options such as the lobster and bone marrow pho. I Got the brisket pho, viet spring rolls and viet iced coffee. They also gave a complimentary dessert (jelly I believe?) at the end. Food was yummy and comparable to pho bang (personally think pho bang is slight more flavorful, but not a huge difference). What I really appreciate is that even tho the place gives more of a "hipster" and modern vibe, they didn't jack up their prices and attempt to rip us off- they have very reasonable prices. Also with my obsession with viet spring rolls, love the fact that they have a small and large option :P The staff there were quick, efficient and friendly and the place itself is super clean (didn't feel the rush to order the minute I sit down like at pho bang LOL). Nice new pho place to check out!
The brisket pho with the bone marrow was pretty good but they really need to change the description of their "spider summer roll." I thought it would be made with crab meat because it SAID SO IN THE DESCRIPTION but it was actually one whole soft shell crab cut into four pieces for the four piece summer roll appetizer. Needless to say, I did not eat it. Also, I started getting terrible stomach cramps about three to four hours after this dinner and then I had the runs all night. My boyfriend ordered the grilled chicken pho and he's the one who ate the summer rolls that I wouldn't touch and he was fine so it couldn't have been the summer rolls so maybe it was the bone marrow or brisket in my pho. I don't know what it was but I will not be going back and will stick with Ginger & Lemongrass for my bone marrow pho fix. Even thinking about giving one less star for the fact that I couldn't communicate at all with any of the workers because they don't speak a word of English.
Amazing pho with outstanding service !!! We been looking for pho in flushing area and now there is this great location with tasting pho and refreshing drink menu
Quality pho with a good amount of meat. I would definitely recommend their lobster pho, you get a whole lobster with the pho broth infused with the lobster flavor. For the regular beef pho, I prefer Phobang more but Pho Best does an admirable job. Will come back again.
I went the pre-open and it was not too thrill with Pho. One of friends that keep praised this restaurant on his FB. I decided to go there for lunch and give them another shot. We have 1) soft shell crab roll with peanut sauce, 2) Fishball pho, 3) Fresh ribeye and beef stew pho, 4) Spring roll rice vermicelli, 5) Filet Mignon Lemongress w Rice.Starts with soft shell summer role, one pair of soft shell was not fresh at all. For $8.95, I gave D for it not advise you waste you hard earn money on it. The next is Pho, it is soooo over cooked that disintegrated while in soup. The temp of soup is NOT even hot. I gave a C- for them. The most worst dishes that we have are the File Mignon w Lemongress. Taste salty and sweet at same time which brings a conflicting orchestra to your pallet. The File Mignon is so badly cook which does no appreciation of beef.( Regardless they use rib eye instead of REAL Filet Mignon.) On top of it, they use GREEN PEPER as part ingredient that is Totally a scam for a Vietnamese dish. NO, I did not find the lemonsgress in the dish. I end up NOT completed the dish and just have white rice. Regardless the price, this dish earn a BIG "F".Also, please DO NOT expect any high quality service. The wait staff are not going meet your standard.Will I go back within next 3 months? Definite not!!!If you like to throw your money into the toilet, please donate to City Harvest instead order the same dishes as as I have. Good luck and hopefully this help you to avoid on what NOT to order at this restaurant.
the pho is bomb here. broth is delicious. bone marrow is a must as a add on for your pho. service is on point.
They have the most unique and delicious appetizers as well as having literally the best pho. They also have great serving portions too. Their plates, trays and utensils are very cute clean, and modern. Their Vietnamese coffee is a must here! They do not use msg and they serve the freshest food possible. All of the workers are very nice and they are very considerate. You will not regret eating at Pho Best.
Amazing place. An aesthetically pleasing place and the food is amazing. The servers are constantly asking about your experience and the overall this place is great. Would definitely come again.
the best Omakase, the best service, the best conversation we ever had in Flushing, Queens.We had lot of Omakase in Manhattan, not much in Queens, so far, this place is definitely the best of Sushi place in Queens. The fish, the food are so fresh, very creative dishes, it really worth every penny we spent. We will be back again for seasonal dishes. Highly recommend if you love sushi and you love great conversation, most importantly, you love to share the great sushi with your family member including the young kids.. this place is kid very friendly! Must Try!
This place use to be Sushi You. They changed the sushi bar to be more traditional but the table arrangement is pretty much the same. We were a party of four, so we called early afternoon to reserve seats for omakase for the same night. We all opted for the $115 set that comes with everything on the $95 set, plus a handroll and the wagyu beef.First off, we were served our appetizer: monk fish liver (I'm not a fan of the texture), something that was like fish brain (it was creamy, stale tasting, really gross), and oysters (these were good). Then we were served a bowl with a piece of uni, botan ebi and salmon roe. After the appetizers, we waited about 20 mins before we were served our nigiris because it took the chef awhile to prepare every fish. I did not enjoy this part because I felt like we were rushed once the nigiri portion began. We did not have time to take pictures of the pieces and the chef did not seem patient. When one of us was finish with one piece of sushi, he would already serve them the next piece, so he did not wait for the others to finish. I have personally went to omakase that is suppose to be a 30 mins experience, which they sort of rush you a bit because each time slot is timed, which is totally understandable. However, this was suppose to be an 90 mins experience and there was only us at the omakase table and four ladies, who were already having dessert when we got there. The main reason why I am giving two stars is because the sushi rice was so vinegary that all I could taste was rice vinegar. It was absolutely gross and I am a type of person that enjoys freshly grated wasabi, not to place on the sushi, but to taste it a bit between the nigiri pieces, however, they did not provide wasabi on our plates (something I'm not use to). Also, the dessert was so cheap... it was "black sesame panna cotta" (it is black sesame paste with some gelatin - the black sesame was not mixed very well, so the black sesame is all just settled on the bottom), two small pieces of honeydew and Asian pear. We also ordered a bottle of large sake and we all paid $165/person with tip and tax included. We all left unsatisfied.Another thing, that bothered me was that they did not ask us whether we would like to opt out of certain pieces (I don't like mackerel) and whether we had allergies to anything (2 of us were allergic to honeydew and pears). I can see potential in this place, but they need to have more outgoing sushi chefs that actually tells their guests what they are serving. After almost each piece, we had to ask the chef what type of fish this is. Each time, he would tell us in Japanese, but what is it in English? The chef was Chinese so he could of told us in Chinese as well.. I really wanted to like this place, so I would not have to travel to Manhattan for omakase.
Where do I even begin? ... If you've read the other reviews, yes, it's a basement type restaurant but interior looks much better than exterior.  The phrase goes, never judge a book by it's cover. There is a long staircase that goes down and when you enter it's like you're somewhere else, Japan? Lol. We had reservations for 7:30 but they called us and kindly let us know it was booked and if we didn't mind they would love to serve us at 6 so we went in at 6 pm. Greeted right away, seated right at the front and brought teas. It was a green matcha tea. My cup of tea was always warm and filled, which I loved. I never had to ask for anything. We went in knowing what we wanted already my husband has the sashimi Omakase and I had the sushi sashimi Omakase, both were 145$ each. I love a little bit of rice with my sushi so I definitely loved my sushi sashimi Omakase, your meal is a little longer if you get sushi sashimi. Everything is brought out in orderly fashion, appetizers were delicious! I especially loved the liver that sort of looked like a sweet potato piece, lol. Will attach photos. The Toro, eel and uni were some of my favorites. Everything just melts in your mouth, the steak too! Also wanted to mention there is no fish taste at all. The service is also great! Everyone is interacting with you, the chef, to waitress to even the gentleman who might be the owner, I'm not sure or the manager, lol. But they all are very kind and talk to you and tell you to ask for anything or if you need explaining, just ask, or like us if you are not sure what to do or where to begin. Honestly was a bit intimidated by the sashimi bowl because I didn't know where to begin, lol. It was also amazing to sit front row and watch the chef prepare everything, that was my very first time and it was amazing watching how intricatly the chef makes each nigiri.  This will be my favorite high end sushi spot from here on out. Also this is my first time ever doing sushi Omakase style with my husband. We both loved the experience and had a very pleasant wedding anniversary dinner. Definitely worth the price you pay for experience and for what you get.
Came here with my friend and we did the omakase. I was bit disappointed in the appetizers .  We had monkfish liver, tuna taretare with quail egg, snail, steam egg. I wasn't really feeling the texture and taste of the monkfish liver . I felt the tuna taretare was nothing special . The nigiri pieces were decent. Fish was overall fresh.  My favorite had to be the wagyu beef and toro.  Both were really good and would melt in your mouth . Price is not too bad. $115 per person. Service was good . Sushi chef was personable. Would I come back ? I don't think so. I had better in the city for about the same price .
This is another hidden gem in flushing for fresh sushi. I would say iki restaurant is number one and this place is number 2 for omakasu. The sashimi is fresh that is a very important aspect. It's worth it getting the omakasu than just ordering different things on the menu. The place is small and intimate.   I would not mind coming back here.
Located in the basement of an alley that's mostly filled with bars, Kakurega stands true to its name, which means Hiding Place. The interior is quite a contrast to the outside as well, with a comfortable sushi counter that can seat up to around 14 people. (There are also chargers and bag hangers around the counter!) We got the lower tier Omakase, priced at 115$, which was enough to fill us up. (I eat a lot too...) The price is a little more expensive than other sushi places in Flushing, but then the quality is also significantly better.  From what we heard from the chef, all of the fishes are from Japan, they also use top quality rice and other ingredients.  The sushi is on par with some of the top omakase places in the City, the appetizers were great as well.  I really liked the A5 Miyazaki wagyu + the conch shell. (Though I think they might've changed the menu  by now.) Given that it is a new place, there are still some kinks that they need to work out, but overall it is a great addition to the queens sushi scene.
Really disappointed despite all the hype with this place. It's location doesn't really matter to us as long as they serve dishes that were up to par. We went with the $115 omakase menu. However starting with the appetizer itself, I was disappointed. Firsly, their kumamoto oysters itself with the sauce were a tad too salty. Their 10 pcs sushi were honestly-speaking ordinary level. Nothing too over the top.  Service was ok, the place wasn't fully seated.All in all, for the price, food was just average. Would not come again. There is much better  place around NYC for the price.
I went for my birthday and I enjoyed it. I've had better omakase but this place was good too.
Awesome place. Very low key but a great ambience. The sushi was very traditional. Definitely the best I've ever had.
Hi! I'm a 9 year old girl, and I think that Kakurega Sushi is a wonderful place. It is a restaurant that is located in a basement. The food is really amazing. My dad ordered the A5 Miyazaki beef tataki, and it tasted splendid. I tried it also, and wanted to give it 5 stars immediately!Dessert is very tasty. I ordered pannacotta, and I thought it's not too sweet and not too boring. After that, the chef gave us 2 types of egg custards - Tokyo kind and regular. They both tasted equally yummy, so it didn't really matter.
A sushi gem in flushing. As of now, it is the most authentic sushi spot I have found in flushing.  Clean and simple decor. Friendly service.  Better than some of the most expansive spots in the city.  My dad had the sashimi entree.  Toro and botan ebi are must orders.  They also have hairy crab.  But need to call ahead to order because they are flying it in from Japan. The restaurant currently does not have a liquor license, but you can BYOB.
New found hidden gem (after all, its name means "hidden place" in Japanese) !! The speakeasy offers premium quality Omakase and sake. We made a reservation in advance for seat at the bar (feels privileged to be watching the chefs prepping my food up close), later on we found out that walk-ins are welcome too. We went for the Sushi & Sashimi Omakase. This is not your ordinary Japanese take-out restaurant,  promise it's worth the money, from the first course till the last course, my taste-buds were like they went on a roller coaster ride. Fish are so fresh I could taste the sea and so fat that they melted in my mouth, makes a huge difference when it's flown from Japan on a weekly basis. As for the uni & salmon roe, they are unbelievably mind-blowing delicious, personally I love the sensation when the salmon roe sac burst in my mouth, i savored every piece of the roe. As for the sushi, they offered fish that most of us have not heard before, and each fish is as fresh as it gets. And pay attention to the miso soup (yes, because they are not from instant-sachet), they are not to be missed. They taste absolutely amazing and authentic. Also impressed by the giant prawn and clams in each bowl of soup. In short, the experience and the variety of food offered at Kakurega were unforgettable and worth every penny. Would go again to try other food on their omakase menu.
Don't really understand the hype about this place. The food is average compare to some of the nice sushi places in queens. Would have given 4 stars if the service was good. For a place that charges 4$s you'd expect them to have more knowledge when it comes to serving food and drinks the right way.
I am not the person who likes to write a review, but this restaurant really impress me!! fresh fish, professional presented.....I highly recommend the daily special mini bowl from their menu. totally worth it!
Very cute restaurant with nice ambiance. A high end-ish restaurant for Flushing, but if you're looking for something nice, it's worth the price. The food was great, the fish fresh, and the service superb. A must go try.
I'm really satisfied with the fish quality! Everything was so fresh. Must try the omakase. It was hard to find A good sushi place in flushing. They import their rice from japan! The owner/chef is humble and very talented.
If you're looking for a delicate and unique Omakase dinner , this is definitely a place for you to spend your night at, the food is so fresh and delicious, it's serve beautifully like an Art , the owner said  each month the menu will change so you will not be bored with the same old menu , and this month which is November they have my favourite  Abalone.  for the Chef and the owner is so friendly and funny , we are so lucky to have this Omakase restaurant in my area .
For the price the omakaze wasn't worth it.  Had better omakaze with similar or lower pricing in the city.  I only came here cause I heard main chef from the now closed Ginpachi was here. My wife and I were happy that he was here but his signature items weren't on the omakaze.  I found the experience underwhelming overall.
Kakurega Sushi: very satisfied, fresh , the best Omakase in Flushing Queens ! My family of four with a Family Friend spent this great night eating fresh and delicious food . My two daughters were so happy to meet Take-San again . We were all  so  impressed eating Take-San's Omakase at Kakurega Sushi !The carefully prepared custom Omakase is really great , and we look forward to the next arrangement! Such a patient and very hardworking staff! The Sushi Master: Take - San was the master of Omakase  from Iki, our family was his Fan, and his nigiri sushi was really a treat. Really happy we found him, and really want to thank my friend on FB who posted a video of his working, where I recognized him at a glance. We immediately went to try this long absence craft ! Great to eat ,I hope this shop can be maintained. Great to try ,now they have three options, $ 115 & $ 145 & $ 145 .
Excellent selection on omakase and the service is very good. $115 value is very good for the quality of nigiri served.   The place is new and tables are not filled up at all. The 3 of us had the whole sushi bar by ourself and the restaurant is literally empty.   I hope they get more traffic in cos this place is good and Recommended.
Just came back from Kakurega. I need some time to phrase my words. For now let's just say I'm so lucky to find this place! Will be back whenever I'm around this area.
This is prob going to be my go to place for great sushi from now on. The chef is very friendly and the waiters are very nice. The food is beyond great and only the best seasonal fish was served on the table and not even one item on the omakase menu. 100% recommend. Great place.
I had the Sushi Omakase & my hubby had the Sashimi Omakase - we both enjoyed our respective choices. Excellent quality fish & seafood  from Japan ! My hubby had not eaten raw oysters for years (because of an adverse reaction from a reputable Manhattan restaurant)  but, he tried them here & loved them ! In my opinion, they were the best oysters I ever had - they were Kumamoto oysters. I loved the scallop sushi & ocean water eel sushi (never had ocean water eel before). Go to downtown Flushing & try this place - worth the trek from Manhattan or any other borough - glad I tried the omakase & plan to return in the future ! The sushi chef paced the omakase perfectly - so, you didn't feel rushed or that service was too slow - make sure you call to make your reservation - foodies know that this place is a good find.
$115 for 19 course omakase！ very worth at this price. wagyu beef is so good,very juicy. the most authentic and fresh sushi spot in flushing.
This is probably my favorite sushi bar in Flushing. Me and my sister had omakase and it was amazing. Also, The server was friendly. I would recommend this place.
Ok Lah is one of the best healthy restaurants in Flushing. I have been there many times with my roommate. The portion is huge and flavorful, without a doubt, the owner spent a lot of time to cook and prepare every meal they serve.I normally get the 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice, then pick two sides and a protein. The sides and proteins are different everyday so you will never get bored of Ok Lah. The only one thing I would say is they close at 6 pm, if they stay open late, I will stop by for dinner after work!I highly recommend this place to anyone who lives or visiting Flushing. You will definitely fall in love with Ok Lah.
The one day I decided on a whim to eat healthy, "Ok Lah" popped up while searching on Yelp so I thought why not?Remember to check in first! So you can get their free fountain drink. The day I went, they had calamansi and green tea lemonade. The calamansi was a pleasant kind of sweet lemonade.For my box, I got brown rice topped with brussel sprouts and brocoli and grilled steak. Man I wish I saw the hot sides first! I also accidentally added the soup of the day, thinking for some reason that my box came with three sides when it actually only comes with two. Oops.I would definitely go to the hot sides section first next time, if I feel like eating healthy while in Flushing. I wasn't a fan of the sauce that the vegetables were cooked in. The rice was pretty good. Half of my steak was sitting under the lights when I got it and the other half, they retrieved from the kitchen. So the steak was half rubbery. It also had a very strong pepper flavor. The soup was curry chicken soup. It was runnier than I preferred and a bit spicy. I didn't feel it was worth the extra $3.
This is my favorite go-to healthy spot in Flushing. I was so happy when they opened. Don't get me wrong, I love Asian food and who doesn't come to Flushing to try all the Asian food there is?! But sometimes you just need to switch it up and get something healthy and refreshing.I normally get the kale salad but you can also mix 1/2 salad & 1/2 rice (which is also really good). You can choose two sides, which vary daily, and then pick a protein. The chicken and salmon are delicious and I usually alternate between the two. You must also try the tofu! Everything is fairly priced at $11. If you add avocado it'll be an extra $1, or any extra side will be $3. I definitely recommend giving this place a try. It's not your typical healthy spot, and their sauces and sides are really flavorful with a kick.
Located inside the food court in Queens Crossing in Flushing, Ok Lah was a great find! For $11, you can choose one protein, two sides and a base of brown rice or salad and with a Yelp check-in, you get a free fountain drink! Sounds pretty good. The food is straight forward, healthy and quite tasty! Who says healthy food can't taste good? Lol For my first visit, I chose my brown rice for my base, along with two sides of cold macaroni salad and spicy pickles, and for my main protein, I had the chicken. And using my Yelp-checkin, I had a free fountain drink, which is self-serve. You're given two options of Calamansi juice or regular lemonade (I highly recommend the Calamansi!). The brown rice has some red quinoa mixed in, which I thought was an interesting combo. Definitely added more crunch into each bite. The macaroni salad had some golden raisins in it and the spicy pickle salad was very tasty too! The chicken was delicious! The meat was still juicy and tender and had great flavor! Overall, Ok Lah definitely delivered in both taste and price! For $11, there are few healthy options in the Flushing area that can compare. I'll definitely be back to try some other combinations. :D
I've heard lots of good things about this place, so finally tried it.  It's definitely something new and fresh to the area aside from the usual noodle shops.  Ok Lah sells fresh South East Asian fusion in a fast casual concept.  You get to choose a base of rice or salad.  You get a choice of one main protein as well as two sides (hot or cold).  Everything they have that I tried was flavorful, yet light and refreshing.  You leave here feeling satisfied, but not weighed down.For my protein, I went with the hanger steak.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare and was very tender.  It was seasoned well and had great flavor.  I went with the rice as my base which was a turmeric brown rice.  The rice had a really nice bite to it and the turmeric gave it a subtle flavor and a nice yellow color to contrast with the rest of the meal.For sides, I went with the soft tofu with salty duck egg.  This was something I never knew I'd like, but I enjoyed it immensely.  The tofu was so soft and silky. There was a thick soy sauce on top and a topping of crumbled salty duck egg.  It was cold and such a refreshing and tasty bite to go with the steak.  I also went with the Filipino mac, which I was not really a fan of.  It tasted of mayo and that was pretty much it.  Definitely the low point of the meal.  I went for a third side because I couldn't resist and got the noodle salad as well, which had some fish sauce in it and gave the meal some acidity.Finally, I got the calamansi lime drink, which was fantastic.  Tasted like a more complex version of lemonade.  And it was sweetened just right instead of being too sweet.For $11 + the cost of a drink, it's definitely one of the pricier options in Flushing.  But if you want something fresh and tasty, this is it.
My favorite place for healthy eats in Flushing! I honestly don't think any other establishment can beat this $11 box of goodness. I love their salmon and prefer it over the other entrees. I'm surprised at how big their portions are (not that I'm complaining). Will be back for more in the future!
I'm not a fan of finding parking in Flushing. So when my friends arranged a Kamayan in Queens Crossing mall I was somewhat reluctant. I honestly didn't even know what a Kamayan was. After parking near Prince at the pay lot we walked over the mall to find a very spacious, clean and modern multi-leveled mall. At the food court level we encountered Ok Lah NYC, a new healthy Filipino-Chinese food style that uses fresh local ingredients. The chefs arranged for us a Kamayan - a Filipino meal eaten with your hands for the 7 of us to celebrate an engagement. This was truly a food experience. As you can see from the photos, this was an impressive array of broiled salmon, adobo pork belly, grilled steak, lightly seasoned kale, roasted broccoli, fried brussel sprouts and lumpias over a mound of seasoned brown rice. Each person had dipping sauces - my favorite was the spicy siracha sauce that went well with just about everything. Aside from drinking my lime water meant for hand-washing, I would say we nailed it. The salmon was tender, flavorful and covered with a lightly charred skin. Highlight. We were fighting over the last piece. What a delight!The adobo pork belly was melt in your mouth.  Great flavor and texture. So good.Pork and mushroom lumpias!  Great way to start the meal. Three dipping sauces.  Just the right touch of crispiness. Savory pork and truffled mushroom. Pleasant surprise was the kale salad. The acidity and coldness really cut the other flavors and served as a great palate cleanser. We also brought some of our favorite beers to pair. I highly recommend. I absolutely plan on coming back for their lunchboxes.  I woke up this morning craving that salmon!
I love this new addition to flushing. Healthy delicious food! Yum! This is a long overdue review as I visited when they were still having a soft opening. I'm not sure if they changed their hours (hopefully they did) but during their soft opening, they would close by 6 pm which wasn't convenient as most people work until 5 pm in the city and by the time they get to flushing, this place would be closed. This is literally like an asian/filipino version of dig inn!My boyfriend and I got two boxes and we shared the meals so we could both taste everything. Box 1 - rice, chicken, tofu duck egg salad, filipino mac saladBox 2 - rice, steak, sweet potatos, avocadoEverything was super delicious. The chicken was juicy. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The filipino mac salad was the best side IMO. The tofu duck egg salad was unique and super tasty as well! It's kind of pricey for flushing but it is healthy food and it's delicious so the price is pretty fair in terms of that aspect.Overall, would come back over and over again!
Yummy fusion lunch that I would def come back for when I'm out and about in flushing. The portion is huge so you can probably save some for afternoon snack/dinner. I tried the steak with half brown rice (probably the most flavorful and yummy brown rice I've tried) and half salad (tasted fresh). I chose tofu salad (sweet and refreshing, would def get again) and roasted yams (a bit on the dry side as purple yams usually are) as my sides. They were definitely not stingy with their sides! I wasn't able to finish my yams as it got pretty heavy. I wouldn't recommend the yams as a side and would probably try a different side next time. I only wish that they have the option to have more sides even if it means less portion of each side, just because I love trying different items.
Rare healthy food spot find located in the heart of Flushing--right in the food court of Queens Crossing! Food is made fresh and well seasoned, and sold on a first come, first serve basis. Silky egg Tofu- I was never really crazy about Tofu, but the Tofu here had me wanting more. The texture is like that of pudding, and paired well with the sauce. Filipino Mac n cheese- this tasted dry; not enough cheese :/ however, it was quite flavorfulHangar steak- yummy. I think it is between medium rare and medium? I was taken aback by how much effort is put into presentation and flavor--the serve sprinkled some seasoning and herb onto it.Brown rice- grainy and dry. I prefer jasmine rice. Calamansi juice- you have to try this! Basically it's lemonade/limeade, but it's Filipino. :)Fresh and healthy food that doesn't make you feel shitty throughout the day? Hells yeah! All in all, can't wait to come back here for lunch with my friend.
Pretty decent new opening of a healthy alternative for lunch or even dinner.$11 for a base of either salad, brown rice, or a mix of both, your choice of two sides, some being broccoli, filipino Mac n cheese, and charred avocado +$1, and a meat option of chicken, steak, or potatoes.My favorite was the steak which was neither dry or too chewy. It was the perfect texture and it's doable for something not made on the spot. The chicken meat didn't fall far behind, it was also tender and not dry, the sauce that is slightly spicy also adds a nice finish to the chicken which is cut into two pieces.However, things I recommend or suggest would be to avoid the salad and opt for only rice. Not sure what greens are included but there was one piece with a really strong bitter taste that threw me off.For the sides, I would try the tofu which I haven't yet, and get the broccoli again.Overall, good quality quick eat in Flushing, but healthy food always comes at a bigger cost. I think $11 isn't manageable to eat at everyday. If It was $8-9 I would definitely eat here whenever I'm too lazy to cook clean, light-seasoned food.
Was not a huge fan of this place... the chicken I got was mediocre. Wasn't as tender and moist as I thought it to be and the rice was kind of cold when served. It's definitely one of the more healthier options in flushing for lunch. The silken tofu was good too. The Mac and cheese was okay. Sadly the yelp check in only gives you their fountain soda- they wouldn't replace it for a water bottle instead.
For something healthy in Flushing, this is a great choice.It's fast casual pick a base and protein and sides style, with all light and healthy choices. The bases are just salad and brown rice, with hainan chicken, hangar steak and salmon as the main protein options. There are some great unique sides, like a delicious Tofu Duck Egg Salad.If you want something much lighter and also quick, head to the first floor of the Queens Crossing mall to try a bowl here.
New healthy fast casual place in Flushing! This new vendor, located in Queens Crossing, focuses on Southeast Asian food but definitely is more Asian Fusion to me as they offer a few tasty sides that you wouldn't traditionally find in an Asian restaurant.To order, you pick a base (brown rice or kale), a protein (seared steak, hainanese chicken, or tamarind glazed salmon), and two sides (mac & cheese, sweet potatoes, noodle salad, charred avocado, spicy cucumber salad, duck egg tofu).Some comments on the choices I tried: - The seared steak was cooked medium rare and seasoned well. I would recommend this.- The hainanese chicken was good but I wish it had a little more flavor to it. I almost felt like I was just eating a baked chicken with a chili sauce on top. - The duck egg tofu was a super unique dish consisting of tofu with a soy-based sauce on top and crumbled with duck eggs. Really enjoyed this.- I liked the charred avocado and the light coconut milk yogurt which it came with. - Sweet potatoes could have been cooked a little longer.- The brown rice was amazing. So good even just eating it by itself. It's $11 for a bowl which is a bit pricey compared to other stalls in Queens Crossing, but nobody buys healthy food expecting it to be cheap. I'd definitely frequent this place for lunch if I worked in this area.
Maybe not the cheapest food option in Flushing area, but overall good healthy option. $11 for a main protein, 2 sides, and a base of rice and/or salad (at the time there was a promotion for CNY so I only paid $10). Only real complaint is that I wish more warm/hot options were available for the sides since most are cold options. I heard they rotate what's offered regularly though. Give it a try if you're in the area!Base: Rice + SaladI opted for both so I could try the salad and the rice. The rice they offer is a "medium grain brown rice infused with tumeric and red heirloom quinoa." Definitely not your traditional white rice if that's what you're looking for. The salad had a nice citrusy dressing that I enjoyed.Main: Roasted ChickenI would have gotten the salmon, but I was told that chicken was the only one available when I was ordering (it was a little after 11 AM). Luckily, the chicken was not dry at all and was quite tasty. Be sure to let your server know not to place the hot chili sauce on top of your chicken though if you don't like a little kick in your food!Sides:-Silken Tofu & Preserved Duck Egg SaladI've eaten plenty of tofu, but usually not with preserved duck egg. Normally not crazy for preserved duck egg since I find the egg white to be too salty (I know it's meant to be salty, but usually too salty for my taste). This combo works together though! Not sure why it's called a salad, but it's basically a block of silken tofu covered with a soy(?)-based sauce and then egg yolk crumbled on top.-Filipino MacIt was okay, but I probably wouldn't get it again 'cause I'm not the biggest fan of Filipino macaroni salad. Had pineapple, carrot, celery, and cilantro in it.
4.5 stars The food here is delicious and high quality. I shared the hangar steak with brown rice with charred avocado and Filipino macaroni. The macaroni was not over cooked, seasoned well. It's better than your average macaroni with plain mayo, but if you've had Filipino mac before than it's nothing new. All the food had a ton of flavor. Everyone's taste buds are different but since I usually cook at home but I don't use salt as my only spice, I tend to think all foods outside of my home are overly salty/over-seasoned. The turmeric brown rice with quinoa was so good, I could eat a bowl of that alone. The avocado was ripe and creamy. So good with the rice together. The steak, cooked medium rare, was still pretty tender. Lightly seasoned, which I thought was great since all the sides had so much flavor. $11 not exactly cheap for a food court meal but it's not your average cheap bowl of noodles/dumplings is it? L really wanted to get more but we were going to get dinner in a few hours. Think we spent $15 ish with drink and tip.It's something different in Flushing. Not having to go all the way to the city and being able to have such a variety of food? I'll definitely come back but I'm actually more interested in the brown rice more so than the proteins available.
A great new addition to Flushing! I wanted to try everything on the menu.  I decided to go with the roasted chicken over brown rice, roasted avocado, the tofu and kale salad.Here's my review:The turmeric infused brown rice was a nice twist.  I don't usually like brown rice but I am a fan. The chicken was moist and had lots of flavor.  There were two sauces drizzled on top and that married so well with the chicken and the rice.  The tofu was so silky.  A must try and who doesn't love avocado? :)I live near Flushing so I am so happy that this is so close to home.  I will be back to try everything else on the menu!!
I finally ate there yesterday.  Food was very tasty.  I had steak with brown rice.   Love the brown rice!  It has quinoa.  Nice match!  Great taste and texture. Medium rare cook hanger steak with house make hot sauce on top was delightful.  Great side dishes.  They taste so much better than it look though.  Make sure eat with the calamansi juice.
I was impressed by how fresh and delicious their dishes are. Every dish looked so yummy plus super healthy!! U don't find healthy guilty food often. $11 for an entree, two sides and a base of salad or rice. I LOOOOOOVED the rice cuz it's brown rice mixed with quinoa, and flavorful! Protein wise they have steak, salmon, chicken, etc! Can't wait to go again and try different dishes next time!
Food: 4 starsPortion: 2 starsHence the average experience: 3 starsI've been enjoying going to Ok Lah for a while. But today's visit is very DISAPPOINTING. First of all, I love the concept and their food. However, the portions are getting smaller and smaller each time I heard what my family and friends have to said after I referred them to the business.I remembered the first time I got Ok Lah even with half rice and salad, I was barely able to finish all the food in the container. NOW...i don't know if the sole reason IS depending on the "who."Today, I had the girl who is serving me. She gave the TINIEST amount as if she counts how many leaves should be given out in a salad base, how many roasted potato should be in the side. I asked why the sides are getting smaller. Her reply "cuz it's healthy and balanced meal!" WOW excuse me!           Balanced meal = small portions!!I guess for a healthy and balanced meal that will cost me $11, I should learn to "appreciated" how thoughtful this girl is. She is "worried" about my health and I should NOT be eating too much!
I was excited to try out this new spot in flushing because it has such rave reviews, but I was left pretty disappointed. I got the roasted chicken with the broccoli and Filipino mac. While some of the broccoli pieces were perfectly charred, other pieces were still pretty raw. The mac was just your average macaroni salad, nothing special. If anything, it needed some flavor (other than mayo) and could be more chewy. The roasted chicken was juicy but needed seasoning as well. It was pretty bland and the skin wasn't crispy either. My husband got it with the sriracha sauce and he said it was good but there wasn't enough of it. They didn't offer the sriracha to me (but I didn't want it anyway) so be sure to ask for it. Some parts of the chicken also looked a bit pink so I was afraid to eat all of it. $11 is also a bit pricey for a food court in flushing. I think $8-9 is more reasonable. This place (and its prices) seem like they belong in the city, not flushing. However, the portions are generous and I liked the brown rice. I'm not sure why the cuisine is considered Chinese or Filipino (other than the lo mien side I saw). It's more American than anything else. Reminds me of lunch spots in the city like Dig Inn or the Little Beet where you pick a protein and two sides. The food at those places are better in my opinion. I was expecting more asian seasonings/flavors to their dishes but I didn't really notice any. Overall, I was not impressed by this place. It's literally just "ok la".
Sides: #roastedbroccoli: 5/5 #filipinomac: 5/5 #greentealemonade: 5/5 Fillers: #greensaladmix : 4/5#brownrice 5/5 out of this world! Gains: #salmon: 5/5 Lunch : $14.95 A must try! The food is fresh, filling but not heavy and your treating your temple to clean food!
Went here for lunch with a friend and was so pleased with this healthy, affordable, delicious, filling meal!!! I rarely eat out. I have never written a yelp review. But this place deserves to be heard because Flushing needed a place like this :) Reminded me a lot of Dig inn which the employee there told me they were inspired from! However I find dig inn way too salty and their food dries out my mouth but I had no problem with the food here.The employee was nice enough to explain each dish and the ingredients - I ended up getting half greens half rice base (greens include kale which explains the bitter taste mentioned below, but I love kale haha), tofu WHICH U MUST GET because it was bomb af and I don't even like tofu, Mac and cheese and chicken adobo. Everything was wonderfully seasoned with their own sauces and anyone can easily tell how much thought they have put into these dishes.The free Filipino lemonade with the yelp check in was also super yummy even though I normally only drink water because it wasn't too sweet which I find most juices to be.They also have a loyalty card for a free meal after 10 visits. Whenever I get one of these punch cards I usually throw them out but this one I will be keeping because I plan on coming back to try everything else!!!
So glad there is something like this in Flushing! This town needed some more healthy options. It's located in a small food court at Queens Crossing. You basically build your own plate - choose a base, 2 sides, and protein. The menu caters to all kinds of people - vegetarians, meat lovers, gym rats, whoever. I got the grilled salmon with 1/2 brown rice, 1/2 salad, silken tofu and broccoli. Very very filling! So hale, hearty, wholesome, healthy, and tasty!
Ok Lah. Within the heart of flushing there aren't many healthy food options to choose from. Look no further, inside Queens Crossing Mall newly opened Ok Lah offers a variety of healthy wholesome meal. Food options changes every day but you can order a satisfying meal for $11. And if you check in on Yelp you can get a free calamansi lemonade (Filipino lemonade) 8/10Extremely satisfied with the customer service supplied by Carson, the founder himself.
I check into this place more than 5 times and now it's my favorite lunch spot, I've always wanted a healthy low sodium non-greasy meal , and this is just exactly what I want it .
What a pleasant surprise to find such a healthy and good tasting spot for the perfect lunch. Have been here twice in a month and will be sure to frequent more often with friends and family. Choose your base of salad, rice or a mix of both. Choose two sides and a protein. Have had their salmon and chicken - both amazing, juicy and flavorful. Their hot sauce is so good! Great cold drinks as well. Can't wait to try another protein next time. Wish there were more of you in NY!!!
Ok Lah is a must try!!! As I work in flushing very often and I am always looking for a healthy, quick, affordable, and most of all a delicious lunch this is my go to place! The staff is super friendly, the food is absolutely fantastic, everything is super healthy. The price point is great, $11 for this food is a steal. Please try this place as I ensure you that you won't regret it!!! Keep up the amazing work Ok Lah!
This is my favorite place to eat in Flushing! They only serve brown rice and yum. It's full of flavor (sea salt, turmeric, heirloom quinoa, extra virgin olive oil) I don't miss white rice at all and I feel great after. I typically come for lunch, and I get it after my work out at my local gym. It's the perfect combo of healthy grains, vegetables, salads, and lean proteins. I've already lost 8 pounds eating here. That is correlated with going to the gym. They really help me kick start my new year. I would recommend Ok Lah! to anyone looking to eat clean. They don't use msg, chicken powder, shellfish, nuts, or pork (at the moment). I'm so glad they're educating people about health, and that healthy food that can be full of flavor. The guys who work there are super friendly and passionate too, major plus. RECOMMENDED!
Ok Lah is no doubt one of the tastier healthy options among the food scene in Flushing. This place has become one of my favorite lunch spots in the area. For $11, you get a hearty meal that starts off with a choice of either brown rice or salad (both if you go half & half). That's right, they don't serve white rice in case you're wondering. A bold choice if not for the fact that their brown rice is well-cooked and pairs up really well with the rest of the menu. Next up, you pick out your two side dishes and your main entrée. The staff are very friendly people so just ask away if you have a question about what to get. My go-to side dishes has to be the tofu and the mashed sweet potato. They just remind me of home cooking and I find it especially hard to get sick of em. But every now and then I'll try a new side or the soup of the day. For the entrée, both the chicken and the steak are on point and available every day the place is open for business. The 3rd entrée choice that changes around is usually the one that runs out the quickest so it's first come, first served. Last but not least, I'm pretty sure this is one of the few food spots in Flushing that offers a loyalty program. So make sure to grab a loyalty card during your first visit (buy 10 bowls & get 1 free) and don't forget to keep getting it stamped! Well, Ok Lah! There goes my Yelp Review-ginity.
Ok Lah is another option for those who want to eat other foods besides what Flushing usually offers. The guys who own this place are so nice, and it's a very clean place. I got the platter of steak, brown rice and vegetables. It's a little more pricey than your typical Flushing meal, however it's far healthier. The brown rice was a bit dry but overall, the meal was good. It's located right inside the food court of Queens Crossing, near Paris Baguette/Kung Fu Tea.
What a breath of fresh air. I've been living in Flushing for 2 years now, and people always tell me that Flushing's got great food. Truth be told, I've exhausted what Flushing has to offer and have felt trapped in this cycle of eating the same greasy food, day in and day out.This new place is such a god send. It's everything I'd wish for in a meal that I wouldn't mind eating multiple days out of the week. No more greasy dumplings or bbq street meats in which I'm not even sure what I'm putting in my body. For $11 you get a clean, quality and wholesome meal. You really can't get this anywhere else in Flushing. My personal favorites:THE TOFU. It's so delicious. It's my must have side along with the avocado. Brown rice with the Hainanese chicken leg. This is such a generous portion. The hot sauce is legit. Getting my meal doused in it next time. I really can't overstate what this place is, I am not exaggerating. Give it a shot, it'll change your world!
I been dying to go here because I've been hearing so much rave about this new spot in flushing at queens crossing. Queens crossing has a lot of like poke related foods in it, but I've never rly been much of a fan. I tried this place yday because I was passing by and saw the fungbros recording a YouTube video for it and they told me to check it out cos it's rly good. So I ordered a plate. You get some rice, salad, and your choice of protein: salmon, hanger steak, or chicken and a bunch of other sides. I ordered the vermicelli rice noodles, salmon toast, and the chicken. My friend ordered the hanger steak and the silk tofu. First off I'm not rly a salad person but their salad was BOMB. I think they had mint leaves in there, that rly made the salad more flavorful and brought everything together. The chicken was perfectly cooked, super moist and full of flavor. The steak was also perfectly cooked!! Everything was sooo good. And everything was super healthy. This has definitely got to be my new favorite spot in flushing. It's in a little food court but you can see this new spot stole everyone else's customers just cos it's so unique and tasty. Come check this place out if you're around in flushing and need a new healthy meal for lunch or something!!
Delicious, healthy food although it is a tad expensive. It is good for a light lunch. It is $11 for a meal which consists of a base (brown rice or salad), two sides, and a choice of protein. I usually don't like brown rice but it was pretty good. For the sides I had the grilled avocado and duck egg tofu, both of which are delicious. The sides are cold except for the sweet potatoes. The salmon was good too but the portion size is a bit small. They also have calamansi juice, which is Filipino lemonade, for $2 and comes with free refills. There are plenty of seats nearby in the common food court area if you want to sit and eat.
Finally a healthy spot in Flushing and I'm talking about kale, beef, Sweet potatoes, salmon avocado and more! Sounds like it wouldn't exist in Flushing, but with the town's growing demographic I think this is very appropriate! Bowl costs around $11 and you can choose a base, a main and 2 sides.I got the kale salad with hangar steak with avocado and Mac n cheese with yam and sweet potato. Everything was tasty and comparable to what I'd taste in Fairways or Whole Foods. Not the cheapest item you'd find in Flushing but no where is healthy made food is cheap haha. I'll come try the salmon next time!
Unfortunately, I went here when they were all out of the bliss potatoes but, today they had roast pork so I wasn't too bummed out. I had half salad and half rice. The rice was well cooked and the salad was delicious as usual. I like how they add mint to the mix. At first it was surprising but with the dressing, it brings a nice spring-like flavor. Today's option also included spring radishes. I was surprised that they didn't have that spicy taste like the red ones but they taste super good!! It wasnt too sweet and it went well with the roast pork and everything else I had. The seasonal mac was great too! I liked how it tasted sweet but not too sweet. The green peppers and the celery brought a nice crunch to it too.NOW, LEMME TELL YOU ABOUT THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL!!!! Roast. Pork. One of the best kind of pork I've ever eaten! One can easily cut into it and it was so well seasoned and wasn't too chewy nor was it too tough. Get it with the spicy sauce and it's spicy heaven!To top it all off, the Calamansi juice made everything better. I love how sweet it is and I love how soft the flavor is compared to the lemonade I'm so used to. The people there are so nice and always have a smile on their face. I love how warm and inviting it is every time I go there.If you're not into pork, I highly suggest the salmon. The skin has an extremely nice crunch and the fish itself is full of flavor. So, in other words, this is such a great place compared to the other options Flushing has to offer. Although I love my pork fried dumplings and ma la tang, this place always leaves my tummy happy and full. ^-^
I love the food. It tastes so good and its health.I love it where it came to Flushing because Idon't need to lots of places. The best place I saw.
Ok Lah is OK (lah!). I think of Ok Lah as a better and lighter Dig Inn - the concept is essentially the same in that you go down the line picking your base, sides, and protein/main, but Dig Inn typically leaves me only able to finish 50% of my box and feeling like I just ate something extremely dense. Not so at Ok Lah! The sides seem to rotate so each time I've gone there has been at least 2 things different since the last time, but it's always tasty and interesting and adequately both light and filling at the end. My advice would be to go with the salad base though - I found the half and half to be too much with all the rest of the food.The main issue with Ok Lah is that everything seems pretty hit-or-miss. Sometimes the food is really good, and sometimes it's over- or under-done. Portions are also an issue and it seems like you get portioned based on your frame - I often go with my office and my petite supervisor will get a smaller piece than my larger coworker (which I think kind of makes sense but supervisor did not appreciate it). Steak is also hit-or-miss with some pieces being well-done and some being medium (I never get the steak but my officemates often do and compare cuts). Overall I enjoy Ok Lah and for $11 I feel it's a good deal, but it's definitely more of a lunch break spot that a place you take a visiting friend.
If you want to eat healthy fulfilling food that doesn't have much grease and oil this is the place to go. It's like the asian digg inn version. Food there is really great especially the tofu.
Clean and healthy food and very chick presentation. I almost eat this everyday during the week. Less oil, less sodium, more vegetable and more nutrition.
I've been wanting to try Ok Lah since my best friend told me about her heavenly mouth watering experience. Was sad the one time I tried to go I was too late because they close pretty early. Nevertheless, today I ventured off to the horrendous Saturday Flushing mob to get myself some Ok Lah. Unfortunately enough there weren't many seats to stay and enjoy my meal so I took it to go and saved it for dinner.Ordered the steak with rice, kale salad, Filipino Mac, and broccoli. You know food is good if you can heat it up later and still enjoy it as if it was just freshly prepared.I'm pretty picky about my macaroni salad because it's not my favorite side dish in the world but Ok Lah's Filipino Mac is the bomb! Better than any version my mom has ever made so that's saying a lot. Definitely want to go back and try the salmon next time.
Healthy meets Flushing! This is a breath of fresh air among the greasier nearby Chinese options. The owner, Carson, is really friendly and more than happy to guide you through what you can order. Kiiiiinda pricey but you'll leave happy and full but not bloated.
Ok lah manages to make healthy food taste down right amazing. My favorite is the steak, tofu and salted egg yolk croutons. The flavors are Mediterranean inspired and you can taste the quality. To open a restaurant not serving Chinese / Asian food in flushing was a big statement. DEFINITELY get the tofu.
11 bucks for pretty decent food if your looking for something filling but light. The chicken is really good. The beef looked a little bit dry. I would come here again
Came here looking for healthy food. For $11 it's not affordable for lunch but if you're in the area, it's cool. I ordered the salmon, half rice/half salad, broccoli side and sweet potato side. Everything tasted good but the rice is undercooked. When cooking quinoa they are supposed to bud and these are still whole, the rice was rough as well. If the rice/quinoa is steamed longer I would give this place 4 stars. If there was an option for 1 main and 1 side for $5, I would give this place 5 stars. I hope that my review is taken into consideration.
If I lived in Flushing (or if they were open later) I'd be here all the time. Randang meatballs, charred avocado, sweet potatoes, and 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice. Healthy, light, excellent salad dressing, looking forward to returning.
Great food! Comfort meets healthy eating Ok Lah is leading the way in the new trends and changing of the culture in the area. Very delicious highly recommend the chicken and the tofu side is amazing as well.
This is a hidden gem. Came across Ok Lah when looking for healthy food options in flushing and I was in for a treat.My order consisted of the 1/2 and 1/2 base, silky tofu/cherry tofu sides and the roasted chicken main. - Base review: salad with the dressing was very refreshing and the brown rice with quinoa has a slight nutty bite with a nice simple crunch. If you're not starving for carbs would recommend 1/2 and 1/2 option.- Sides review: not sure what sorcery was used but the silky tofu was very creamy and kept me wanting more. The cherry tofu was not pale in comparison at all, it was surprisingly springily with a burst of flavor in each bite.- Main: the chicken was very clean cut and pleasantly tender. Will definitely order this again.Overall you can see how much preparation, care and effort was put into each one of these dishes. The eye capturing presentation really opens up your appetite. The staff are very friendly and eager cater to customers. The wholesome mix of ingredients will keep me coming back.
Finally a HEALTHY option in Flushing! You can make your own bowls for $11. A steal for what you get. You get a choice of salad or brown rice (their rice has quinoa and turmeric, super delicious), 2 hot or cold sides, and 1 lean protein. The chicken is sooo juicy and perfectly cooked. Actually everything was thoughtful done. The guys who work there are super nice, they told me that they wanted to help the community and change the way they think about food. I could really eat this food everyday without feeling guilty. Go support them!
Great healthy alternative located in queens crossing food court in flushing. The meal includes a fresh salad with brown rice, selection of different sides and a protein. I really liked the meatballs and salmon. Delicious balanced meal with a lot of flavor. Will definitely be back
Very healthy and fast! The diet is very balanced with veggie, protein and carbs. Lovely place to have your work lunch! Ordered the grilled salmon, which was very juicy! Yummy!
I really like the healthy food here! Fast serving and very delicious! I ordered half/half (salad/brown rice), silken tofu, roasted broccoli,  grilled salmon last time and I think I probably will get the same plate today! Btw, the plate is $11 (tax incl.) and they accept credit cards!
I'm very excited to try this new place not only because I'm a Filipino and they offer some Filipino dishes, but because they are offering very healthy food! For the base you can choose between brown rice with quinoa or the salad or half and half. The sides are so good, you would wanna try everything! For the main, we ordered the roast chicken and it is very good too! They have salmon and steak as well! They have calamansi juice too! Will definitely come back!
Not "Ok Lah." The food was mediocre at best. Very salty potatoes and Brussels sprouts. Over rated yelp reviews.
The food has so much flavor. Nothing is bland. So filling without feeling guilty. The avocado is amazing. Even if it's a dollar more. I suggest mixing the cream that comes in the avocado to make it more creamier. Although the salmon is a smaller piece than the others, I do suggest the chicken. $11 is a steep price compared to other foods in Flushing. But it's delicious.
Healthy food is a rare sight in flushing so if you're looking for a healthy option this is the place to go. For $15 I got rice and quinoa, salad, Filipino Mac n cheese, rice noodles, beef stew, salmon miso soup, and a bottle of water. Food and service were great. It's quite refreshing to see a spot like Ok Lah in our area so I will definitely go back.
Very refreshing to find this type of food downtown Flushing.  Good potion size for those who are health conscious.
Carson provided great service and an insightful introduction to Ok Lah. The food is healthy, delicious, the sauces taste great, and the food display area was very presentably clean. It's a spot definitely worth stopping by more than once. The price for the food is great and I am happily satisfied with my first experience here.
This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides.
At last, there's a healthy alternative to literally everything else that makes up Flushing. This place on the come up offers food that looks straight out of New York City. And now it's here in Queens Crossing. A complete contrast to the surrounding area, which includes greasy and unhealthy Chinese food that's permeated Flushing since it came to be. The refreshing setup includes a neon sign saying "Ok Lah!" in cursive, letting customers get a feel of their vibe, and bright lights illuminating the whole area. A long piece of glass separates the food from customers, where they can see everything Ok Lah has to offer for the day. Similar to how you would order something at Chipotle, you pick a base first (salad, rice, both, etc..), and then two sides (spicy cucumber, tofu, charred avocado, broccoli, etc.) and then a main to top it off (grilled steak, roasted chicken, vegetarian, etc.) You can always expect top notch service from the two guys running the whole show. Honestly, $11 is around the same price as any other place would charge their items. These guys give generous portions and then some. So if you want to try an awesome spot, be sure to give this place a shot. They don't disappoint.
First time here and I already love the food! The guy was really friendly, nice, patient and suggestive to people who are new there. Love the smell of all the fresh food. Really hygienic and love how there are many options to choose from but sad that I came at the time they were about to close if not I would've tried their salmon :( Will definitely be back to try ALL their other food selections.
Healthy and tasty! So glad a spot like this finally opened in Flushing.
The staff who work here are very friendly and happy to help. The food was quite tasty along with their accompanying spicy sauces. We had the salmon and chicken main dishes and my kids devoured it. The Filipino fountain drink is a little weird in the beginning but it grows on you. If we lived close by would come visit more often.
I was looking forward to healthier options in Flushing but this spot disappointed me. Too much rice, small protein portions, and uninspiring sides.
Good food. Rare healthy food option in Flushing.  It's a chipotle style type restaurant with a Southeast asian theme. Their Calamansi Juice (Filipino Lemonade) is pretty good and you can have free refills, tastes more or less like regular lemonade, but a little bit better i guess.  And the Hot and Sour salmon soup is pretty good. I was expecting something like chinese hot and sour soup with salmon meat in it, but i was pleasantly surprised to find a clear broth hot and sour salmon soup. Refreshing and fresh. The salmon actually tastes FRESH which is hard to come by in Flushing. The salmon fried rice was pretty good too. And Did you know?: you can get anything as a side instead of buying the whole set.   The downside is i'm not a fan of kale or macaroni. But other than that, pretty good. Duck egg tofu, sounds weird, never tried it , so i can't really tell what it tastes like.Praise the Lord Jesus Christ for his GRACE is GOOD. Literally, the Lord knows what we have need of even before we pray.
Fantastic place. Always wanted a "dig-in" like healthy meal option. It also has a Chinese and Filipino style and flavoring to it! Foods great and the owner is very friendly. IMO the food is given at a great price and doesn't break the bank. It's more expensive than your typical five dollar flushing lunch but that is the price of quality
Great place, health and yummy. Just a few advice if you want to order there . Skip the noodle salad because it is very flat, no taste at all. And also skip the Philippino mac, it smells really really weird, I think they added vinegar and mayonnaise in there. Wish they can reconsider something else to replace those two sides. Other than that their foods are great. I will go there again.
High ceilings, industrial design, and a great place to enjoy chicken wings with a pitcher of beer! We thoroughly enjoyed our $30 set on a Sunday evening. The original soy garlic wings taste much better than the spicy ones. Look forward to try the rest of the menu!
Pleasant surprise of a chill Korean chicken-serving bar in Flushing.Amongst all the chaos and traffic in Flushing, tucked away on Prince Street, is The Coop. No, they don't serve dim sum, Korean BBQ or soup dumplings, like what feels like every establishment in Flushing, but instead they give you a hip, city-like hangout that is pretty hard to find in this area.We dropped in on a Friday evening at around 8:30pm for 14 people, which we had to make a reservation for. In fact, not only did we have to make a reservation, but we had to guarantee a tab of at least $30 per person. Honestly, it wasn't an issue that we would probably spend that much per person, but the fact it's a restaurant requirement kind of irked me a bit. Anyhow, it didn't ruin our experience though.Our group gradually came in, but I was told that we were allowed to sit immediately despite the entire party not being there all together. Throughout the evening, I would have to say the service from our waitress was very good. She was attentive, quick with the service and friendly. We ordered ... ordered ... and ordered some more and let's just say we easily breezed by the $30 per person requirement.I won't comment on every single item, but here's a list of some of what we ordered:Lychee SojuLarge order of Half & Half Coop WingsBulgogiSeafood Jeon - Seafood pan cake with mussels, prawns, squid and spring onionJogae Tang - Clear clam soup with onions and peppersKimchi Fried Rice - Stir fried kimchi and Ham. Rice topped with a fried eggLA Galbi LA - Barbequed beef short ribs with grilled vegetable and saladPulled PorkAs for what really stood out, first, if you're going to order the wings, beware that if you order any hot wings, they are not playing around. Everyone on our side of the table definitely felt the heat from them, so if you're not a heat seeker, go with the soy garlic only. The Jogae Tang, the clear clam soup, was another item that made its mark. However, it wasn't a highlight. Even though the clams were huge and plentiful, the soup was very bland and watery. The last item that etched a mark in my memory was the pulled pork. It was very flavorful, tender and very easy to eat. It was some of the better pulled pork I'd actually had in while. If you're curious about the other items on our list, they were all on point and worthy of ordering, but don't expect to be really impressed. They were solid and tasty.Overall, the atmosphere was perfect. For a sports-bar environment, it wasn't very loud. OK, so we couldn't hear what the other side of our large table was conversating about, so we had to have isolated conversations with our side, but I expected the place to actually be louder. There were 2 TVs that I noticed inside, one massive one on the wall, and another smaller one above the bar. Most of the seating inside is bench-seating, so if your back can't handle it, maybe this isn't your spot. As a group, it seemed everyone enjoyed themself, and by that, I mean the food was really good and the place was chill. It didn't hurt that the service was on the mark too.
The wing is just deadly delicious. Crispy,rich flavors,juicy you name it. The best part with this restaurant is you can customize the half&half. So i asked for just 4 spicy wings and the rest soy garlic. The spicy wing is perfect, perfect amount of spiciness.The kimchi fry rice, very dry for my taste. Kimchi fry rice but i seee no kimchi. Just stay with wings here. Don't do no rice.When it comes to the drinks, im so disappointed. How can the food be so good and the drinks taste like shit. Its overly sweet like im drinking straight sugar water with strawberry flavor for 25 buck. No comment. End up just getting a pitcher of beer. I guess ill stick will beer when i come back here next time. Overall very good service, wings is a must try thing.
Traveled all the way to flushing for the fried chicken here! They had many options for chicken, we went with the large order of wings with a mix of soy garlic and spicy. They were nice and allowed us to choose how many of each type of wings we wanted, since I only wanted a taste of the spicy. Also got an order of the spicy rice cakes. The service was fine and the food served decently quickly. The wings were good but not the best I've had. We were warned about how spicy the spicy wings were and they were right, but it was definitely tasty and not unbearable. The soy garlic was also good. I was a bit disappointed that they did not have drumsticks but the wings were nice and crispy. The spicy rice cakes were good, pretty standard, though for $15 felt to be a bit pricy. Overall not bad and not a bad choice if I lived closer. Not worth the travel in my opinion though
Thoroughly enjoyed my visit here when I came for dinner with friends.I ordered some seasoned fried chicken in dakgangjung flavor, and it was a bit more... soy-sauce-y and spicier than I had expected, but not too bad! It was fried well and juicy inside. However, the size of the pieces were slightly on the smaller side.I loved the pumpkin cheese dish they had, best to eat when fresh and hot! So much cheesy goodness. It gets a little hard and less gooey when it cools down so it doesn't taste as good later. The seafood pancake was super crispy and a little bit more on the thick side, very filling and delicious!I got the blueberry cocktail and it was DELICIOUS, it came with fresh berries! Super sweet, personally liked it more than the peach soju cocktail that we also ordered. Speaking of the peach soju cocktail, it was very sweet and also came in a pretty big pitcher. Not sure how strong it is, but definitely gets the job done to get you lit!The French fries also were a good portion size and were also the same kind of crispy as the seafood pancake!The only reason I give this place 4 stars is that we had to flag down our server every single time we wanted something, and she disappeared once for at least 15 minutes when we wanted the check. Atmosphere is simply lit and a little cramped. Noise level is high because of the people and the korean music they play. Also have multiple TVs with sports playing.
For sure this is one of my favorite fried chicken restaurants in competition with mad for chicken. It's located in Flushing so it was pretty convenient to get to. They usually decorate the restaurant for special times of the month like Halloween. Whenever I come here I ALWAYS go for there soy garlic chicken. No doubt will you be upset from it. During happy hours I always get oysters for a dollar each which is always fresh and tasty. This is a place that is always serious about good quality and food service.
I'm a fan! Came here with three people on a Saturday around 7pm and got seated immediately. The chicken was delicious and cooked perfectly- crispy and spicy! Mushroom stew was actually quite tasty too, along with the egg omelet thing. Quick service; nice waitress got us free shots and took them with us. Would come again for drinks and dinner... or when I'm craving solid Korean fried chicken again  Happy hour menu has good choices too.
I've been wanting to come here for a while and finally did for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago. It was pretty dim and dark inside like most gastropubs I've been to. The restaurant is pretty long and has a lot of seating, We came on a Friday night and boy was it crowded, busy and loud as well. The menu seemed very limited, but we did make an effort to try different menu items. We ordered The Coop wings: soy sauce and spicy. I typically don't eat chicken wings (for personal reasons), but the soy sauce chicken wings was pretty good. The Japchae was cooked right, but tasted mediocre. I've definitely had better. The bulgogi quesadilla was okay, not something I would typically like to order or have. The seafood Jeon was cooked perfectly and had good flavor! We also ordered the Pane seafood cream udon which I actually liked because it was something different that I typically don't see at Korean restaurants. It was creamy, cheesy and delicious. The last menu item we tried was their spam fries which I thought was quite interesting. Mostly Filipino restaurants serve spam fries .The spam fries were crisp and delicious, but I would have preferred having the banana ketchup to dip with.Overall, I thought the food was just okay. It does have a Korean and Asian twist to some of the typical food you would find at a gastropub. Service was okay. The chances of returning would be 50/50 because I typically don't like going to super loud, 'I can't hear what my friends are saying' type of places. Food didn't really wow me and it was also a little pricey for the portion/size of the food.
I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS. KOREAN CHICKEN WINGS.Food is always 5/5 here. It's located in One Fulton Square in Flushing, NY. Really convenient to get to for a lot of people who live in queens. The service is great here even when it is 2am in the morning. The wings here are crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside. They are rich with flavor, whether it is soy garlic or hot. The hot tends to be on the spicier side so be careful if you can't eat spicy! Other than the wings, I usually get the Bulgogi Quesadilla and the Sweet Potato fries as well. The Bulgogi Quesadilla is one of my favorite dishes out of the whole menu. It is a nice Korean twist on a Mexican dish and it comes with a salad and sour cream to dip on the side. I ordered the BudaeJigae a couple times as well. Portion of it is huge! You can definitely share it among 3 people at least. I want to try stopping by for happy hour here one day to try their oysters cause I heard a lot of good things about them too!
So my two friends and I sometimes go to the coop. But today was the first time the waitress actually called us out on not tipping enough. I thought we tip on how good the service was. The food was alright. We had to wait a long time to put in our orders and waited a while to get our food and drinks( no bartender). Because of us waiting for so long we didn't tip the 'required' amount. There was only two people working the floor. I was surprised that they actually stopped us from walking out just so they get their tip. Other then this my experience here was great.
Located in a little nook in flushing but here's nothing little about the wings or ambience of this place. Let's start with the food: ahhhhhmazing. Tried two kinds of wings and they both hit the spot and were right on with flavor. They have a wide variety of options on their menu too! I can't wait to try more. Ambience: sort of a rustic dining experience, on this occasion they decorated for Halloween which was also really cool to look at. Everything really clean, bathrooms included! The music was also okay! Not sure if I would recommend the drinks. I had my usual- Coronas. However my friend had a drink (I forget the name, sorry guys) that was visually appealing but he said it had a dry sort of taste. Personally, I didn't have it but I thought it thought be said.All in all, def make your way here for great wings!
Everyone knows the best fried chicken is Korean fried chicken! Im something of an expert at fried chicken, when ever Im around chicken's they tremble in fear as they can smell their fallen brethren on me. I eat way to much fried chicken to be honest, but hey if I die from fried chicken, it would have been a journey worth the travel. The Coop has got its finger on the pulse of Korean fried chicken! With a couple of tasty sauces, and that extra crispy bite that makes you want to just keep going back in for more. The "Spicy" version is only spicy if you're not used to some heat, for me it barely registered =D as for the sweet, its like having chicken and waffles with out the waffles!Love chicken and waffles? Grab the sweet wings! A bit sweet for my tastes but it was still really good! I will stop by again when I have the time. Worth the trip out here if you have the time. Make sure to get the sweet potato fries! I like to mix gochujang and a little bit of sesame seed oil together and dip the fries into.
Let me preface this review by stating that I think this spot is a 4/4.5-star for large groups that seeks a comfortable place to drink, eat fried chicken, and loiter. The service was very friendly and attentive, the space is large and attractive, they have an impressive drink menu, and the food options are like glorified hors d'oeuvres.  We ordered the half-and-half fried chicken platter (we chose traditional and "korean marinated") budae jigae, and gratin. The chicken was ok. Crispy on the outside, but otherwise not memorable. The "korean marinated" version was interesting. Quite spicy, but not in a hot way, which is what we wanted. But I guess that's on me for not ordering the hot version, which I didn't realize was a different thing. The budae jigae was pretty sad, frankly. Kind of your basic Korean stew, but chock full of spam, hot dog links, and pepperoni. It sort of tasted like they had prepared the soup base in advance and tossed all the meats in last minute. Far from being worth the $29 price tag. The gratin was really tasty, but it's pretty much impossible to mess up fried rice with melted cheese on top. Another weird detail: they didn't have real soup bowls for the stew. All they had were these really shallow bowls that made it difficult to eat the budae jigae without spilling all over the table. Our waitress apologized profusely, so clearly they understand that it's an issue, which makes it all the more baffling. I don't think I'll be returning unless I happen to have a large, hungry, rowdy group of folks with me in the area.
Crispy, crunchy, flavorful wings!! Atmosphere in this place is great. You feel good vibes the moment your seated.We started out with the bulgolgi bambimap or however yah all that! Super flavorful! Plus I desperately needed some green veggies and this dish got that in for me. The white kimchi on the side was an interesting addition to this dish.Next we had the small order of wings which was 12. We went with the half and half which comes with six of the garlic soy flavor and 6 spicy. These wings was in my top 5 all time wings ever tasted. Cooked to perfection and perfect amount of juicyness. If your in flushing, get these wings!
Well place is great for a date of just chill out , really comfy sitting at the bar or the sides with soft chairs . It's spacey so even when busy it doesn't get loud and you can still hear each other. There are many screens to watch sports too. The negative was the price which is high for all the apps even the spam fries , the cocktails are expensive and small though pretty uniques . The beer glasses are tiny so better of getting pitcher. Also our bartender was really careless and looked like he was annoyed serving us , though the other waiters were so nice. So this kinda made experience worse
Have to give it three stars because of the service. I ordered the half fried chicken and I liked it but I didn't realize it was tenders and I like it on the bone. There were a few on the bone and some weren't on the bone. The waitress brought my friends food first, maybe ten minutes before mine, and that's a big no no. Food is supposed to come at the same time. She promised us white rice with it and of course with mine I had to ask for it with another waiter. I also had to ask for dipping sauce from another waiter. My waitress never came to check to see if we needed anything. I get it was busy but come on. But the place is pretty and they have some cool things on the menu. My friend had the pork belly and she said it was very spicy. Oh and they had a really good mojito!
What a great restaurant especially for you're a late night eater. Walked in and was seated immediately as well as our orders. Upon waiting for our food I realized the entire restaurant with about 25 guests at the moment we're completely being taken care of by just one waiter and a bartender. They kept up the service, food came super quick and the kept checking every table constantly. I was amazed at such proper service especially late night! Had the pork fondue which was AMAZING. Highly recommend this place food and service is amazing.
Came in at 12:45 and was greeted by who I assume to be the manager to serve us.  He sat us at the bar, to which one of us immediately went to the bathroom after threehours on the road, where the barman asked how many we were.  I said three and he gave us two menus.He came back a minute later and told us "Last Call."  I told him my friend was in the bathroom and asked if he could wait for him, to which he said no.  My other friend said the time on the door read 2, and asked if they were open until 2, to which he said they were open to 2, but again stated final call was before 1, as the kitchen was closing.  Despite being open until 2.Refusing to wait for our other friend, we ended up individually using the bathroom and leaving.Pro tip, you can have as good customer service as possible, if your hours say open until 2, stay open until 2.We went across the street to 39 Kings Cafe and don't regret it at all.  One star for making us go there.
Parmesan. Truffle. Fries.The Coop, aptly named, is a pricey place. For good reason. Their dishes are wonderfully made, beautifully presented and scrumptious.The atmosphere and decor is lively too while allowing you to be able to talk your friends without shouting.The Korean fried chicken is so crispy and well seasoned. It's very hard to describe, you should definitely give their chicken a try if you can!
Apparently posting business operation times means nothing. Fuck this place. UNwelcoming and UNprofessional.
A group of us came here randomly after a night of childish fun with some friends. We found ourselves in Queens and rolled up to The Coop. We walked in and were seated immediately. There were five of us and despite it being after 1am they were pretty packed. The vibe is very energetic and the restaurant feels likes it's more of a bar or lounge, even.The staff is very nice and they have decent prices and interesting drinks. We had our fill of Kimchi Rice, Mixed Spicy Wangs, Bulgogi and brew. The food is excellent, drinks are strong and service on point. I'm happy we accidentally found this place. Definitely worth a return visit and they're less than a 30 minute drive from my house! Thry also have happy hour M-F if 3p-6p..Woot!Next visit I'm getting the Creamy Seafood Udon and that Bulgogi Quesadilla...
Came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Made reservations online on their website and when we got to the restaurant there was a table ready for us and all set up. The food was really good but the portions was very little. I felt like the price range was way too expensive for the portion size. They are popular for korean fried chicken but the portion was way too small. There are other kfc chicken stores on northern blvd that give you huge portions for the same price as here.  We ordered a variety of food on the menu and many popular dishes that had high ratings on yelp. The atmosphere and setting of the restaurant was really nice but not sure If i will be returning. The location of the restaurant was so inconvenient being in the heart of flushing and parking is a pain. I highly recommend for people to come check this place out at least  once.
Wings are always good. Great place for drinks and to watch the games now that summer is around the corner. For bring groups that have picnic style benches if needed. They are close to some good desert places if you don't want to stay there for dessert. But they have some great dessert for sure. If you are in the flushing area stop in have some wings and a soju bomb
Great soy garlic chicken wings, good kimchi fried rice! They serve raw oysters too; sometimes it's really fresh and sometimes not so much. Service is meh.
Food: 5/5. Might be the best wings I had for a while. Service: 5/5. Despite having only one waitress and one bartender during the happy hour, they are incredibly prompt and attentive.Came here on a weekday to try out their happy hour menu. When I walked into the restaurant, I was surprised it was half full already at 4pm-ish, even the bar area was filled with a few customers. I ordered a dozen oysters, half a dozen wings, and a drink. Overall the food was good, especially the wings. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. There was two kind of sauces you can pick, I chose 4 hot wings and 2 soy wings. Ended up liking the hot wings better. The soy wings were a tad too salty in my opinion. Anyway, the oysters were decent, but not much I can complain with its $1/oyster price tag. The drink I felt was slightly weak on the alcohol, but it was made up by the richness of fruity flavor. All in all, I enjoyed the happy hour meal and will definitely visit again if I am in the neighborhood and craving for some wings and oysters.
Great vibe with young people hanging out during the weekends. The servers are very nice and professional.
If you love korean food you will love this place. I come here pretty often. Great ambiance and friendly servers. This place has so many varieties of korean food from korean fried chicken to dukboki to hotpot. They also have flavored soju! The flavors of the foods are honestly so unbeatable. Perfect place to sit down and catch up with friends with some soju and food. Great for snacking late night as well. And right downstairs after you eat, is a dessert bar. Very convenient to get to as well. Highly recommend!
I can't even tell you how much I love this place. It's become my regular spot with my friend after work. I've been here so many times that I lost track. Whether I'm happy or down, this is the place I go to. Their wings are some of the best in Flushing and they make my drinks just the way I like it. They also offer fusion dishes like bulgogi quesadilla, which is what I always order alongside my wings and fries. The staff are all friendly and young and love to chat with me and my friends. This is such a nice and casual hangout spot that I definitely recommend for everyone.
The Coop had me at 'spam fries.' Spam conjured so many childhood memories - spam fried rice, spam with fries eggs sandwich, spam and eggs over rice, spam with ramen...I haven't had spam in over half a decade. I heard spam is unhealthy for me. Suddenly when a friend invited us to dinner at the Coop, I thought let's be adventurous and try the infamous spam fries, which my fellow Yelpers raved about. These fries didn't disappoint. We also ate the Korean fried chicken, parmesan  fries, creamy seafood pasta and Korean pancake. Fried chicken had the perfect blend of crispy skin and juicy meat; I also like the hint of sweetness and garlic flavors. Live with no regrets. Eat a spam fry or two..it's low sodium. I will definitely be back soon for round 2!
Mmmmmm, where should I start? Their food is amazing, filling, reasonably priced and the service is excellent. I came here on Sunday night around 9PM with my boyfriend and his friend. My bf loves Boka in the city, and surprisingly he enjoys The Coop's fried chicken better than Boka! (Don't get me wrong, I love Boke and Coop's chicken equally) We ordered the Budae jjigae, 12 pieces of mixed wings and legs with half spicy and half regular, kimchi fried rice, and ribs fondu. We actually over ordered so I took 3 pieces of chicken and kimchi fried rice to go. Budae jjigae: so good, so so good! Mixture of hotdog, spam, ramen, kimchi and other veggies. The only down side is that they gave 2 tiny pieces of enoki mushroom and a tiny bit of ramen. I ended up eating only one string of ramen because my bf's friend took almost all of the ramen. To make up my ramen loss, I ate the only 2 pieces of enoki mushroom. So in the future, I'll just ask them to double the ramen and enoki mushroom. Kimchi fried rice: not the best, I've had better. My bf didn't enjoy much of it because it was kind of dry. He said he likes Boka's kimchi fried rice better. Rib fondu: pretty good. The meats are very tender, it slides right off the bone. The flavor is okay, nothing too special, but the ribs wrapped cheese and corn is super fun to eat. Chicken: yup, the show stopper. Extremely spicy (for me) but super yummy! The regular soy sauces one is a better fit for me, I'm good with Chinese spicy, not Korean spicy. Their spicy is on another level. Overall, we will definitely be back!
A convenient place to get your Korean fried chicken fix since it's in the heart of Flushing. Overall, an average place to me and here's why:Place - I've been here multiple times but I never feel comfortable dining in there. Packed or not. Probably the seating and the placement of tables on top of each other. Service - spotty. Sometimes they are their to help other times they are ghosts. Food - wings are great! As for the other stuff it's alright. There was nothing else on the menu that stood out. Did I miss anything? Overall, average!
The place looks cool and a lot of Korean people seem to me to be in line with the original taste in Korea. The service was excellent and very pleasant. I took their special Coop wings with soy. Was reasonable and not more. Guess it's a lot of a matter of taste. They were cook well but the soy and the other sauce wasn't my thing. I would certainly consider coming there to taste other dish from the manu.
Young Eun provided excellent service! He was extremely nice and friendly! The food was awesome and tasty. The food was a reasonable price. We loved the cheese fondue. Overall satisfied!
The chicken wings are very spicy so I endured half of one...it's ok, if you can get passed the stinging burning sensation and swollen lips. I normally like spicy cuisines but I have never been a fan of these Korean hot wings. Their bulgogi is great. The quesadillas are good too. The truffle Parmesan fries...yum but I'd skip the Parmesan because they literally doused our fries and it was covered in the cheese. I liked the pancakes too...it was warm chewy and had just the perfect amount of seafood mixed in the layers. It's loud here...and not very crowded. If the music wasn't so loud, it would make for a great place for a date night.
After my 1st experience at The Coop, I thought it was alright, nothing special. I like the atmosphere inside. It's nice and airy, has a modern feel to it. As some other reviewers have mentioned, I don't like the bench seats; as it has no back support. (Us old folks..can't handle it..LOL) The bar has a nice setup and downstairs by the entrance, there's another locked cabinet full of the high-end liquor! I came with a group of 5 and we ordered truffle parmesan fries, the Kimchi Cheese Okonomiyaki pancake, and we had a large order (20 pieces) of half & half wings (soy garlic & spicy). Food came out fairly quickly. I didn't care for the truffle fries because of the artificial truffle oil that they used. The kimchi cheese pancake was interesting. Very gooey, and actually tasted good. I would order that again. The wings though, were alright. Very similar to Mad For Chicken. If I was craving chicken, I probably wouldn't travel all the way to Flushing, when there's so many other better options along Northern Blvd.
This is the place to go on your cheat days and late night cravings. This place does not disappoint. Friendly staff and there is always something for everyone of the menu. I dont know how many times ive been here but at one time i was coming here once a week. ive probably tried everything on the menu, except for the spicy entrees, i cant really eat spicy. The best combo is a stew and an order of wings. you have to order the wings when you go there. but if you want to be healthy, you can go for the grilled whole chicken which is just as good. they butterfly and panini press the chicken. its really tasty and it comes with an entire head of garlic, roasted. Im not a drinker but many people come here for their flavored soju. Its a great place to hangout with a group of friends.
Lets start of with the best thing EVER: HAPPY HOUR!MON_FRI $1 Oysters and theyvwere so clean and fresh and yrust me the condiments they serve are one point. The drink menu is a lttle extensive but who carrs everyone loves OPTIONS. I got the Lychee suju wit the cotton candy and man o man sooooooo freaking delicious. We also got the happy hour wings which by the way the famous soy garlic and the spicy wings are too damn GOOD! Did they air fryer these babies or something lol, thats how crunchy and hot perfect my wings came out. On top of that the mozzarella sticks was fried pretty damn good so who can complain not me. Jsut needed to warm the marinara sauce, cold tomato sauce isn't a great taste on HOT food. I also ordered the BBQ spare ribs and Oooooo the tasiest Korean BBq cooked to perfection!!!
The food is good. Their wings and fries are awesome. But there is this waitress that was extremely rude to us when we sat down. She is the tallest one in there with a brown ponytail. We were sitting down but were deciding which table to sit at (mind you, it's a Monday even and not many customers here at all) and we shuffled around for literally 3 seconds and she says with her two hands laid out/palms up, "Which table do you want???" with an attitude sounding like she was annoyed and as if we were wasting so much of her time. We came here twice and last time she was quite rude too but I wrote it off because it was a busy night but now I know it's just her rude personality.  Like I said, food is good but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. If there's comparable Korean place nearby I would not come here again.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while but never had the chance to until this past weekend when I had a craving for Korean food, more so for Korean fried chicken. We got to Flushing at 2 pm on a Sunday and it was already crowded beyond belief with absolutely no parking spots in sight. We had to settle for the municipal parking garage, which we always try to avoid. We got the bulgogi quesadilla, sweet potato fries and a small order of the coop wings x12 to share. I opted for only 2 pcs of the spicy since Yelpers were stating how spicy they were and 10 pcs of the soy garlic. The quesadilla had great flavor with the meat cooked to perfection. The sweet potato fries were freshly cut and fried to a semi-hard consistency without being overly soft. The wings had a thin layer of breading with the chicken meat being extra moist and juicy. Probably the best Korean fried chicken I've had so far in Flushing. We needed extra water because we were both dehydrated and it was a coincidence that their water was self serve in a green wine bottle. Service was also great with our waitress always being cordial and polite. Pricing was in line with the genre of restaurant and in correlation with the location. We'll be back again.
Great lil place loving the spicy wings and the kimchi fried rice. The bulgogi quesadilla was pretty good too. I'd definitely come back servers are nice and foods great!!
Pretty good fried chicken. A few different flavours which is nice. They offer several other comfort food and dishes. My boyfriend's favourite would for to be the mozzarella cheese sticks. The fries were nicely done as well and good portion size. Reasonable price and nice service. A little wait after ordering but it's fine. Usually quite busy and packed but never need a reservation. Lots of seats and up the stairs is the restaurant, because the first floor is only for takeouts. They have plenty of choices for drinks as well. Clean and a nice interior, I like the atmosphere but do get pretty noisy and loud with all the people. Would come again.
After returning the uhaul truck from our moving trip, bf and I were starving. As his last meal in NYC, he wanted some wings stat. This place is less than 10min walk from uhaul. Great! It was a Saturday night around 9pm, so I was scared we'd have to wait, but we didn't have to wait at all. The place has two entrances and is popping with loud clubbing music, which was fun.ORDER- Half spicy, half soy garlic chicken wings: so crispy and good. Great double frying execution! Have to say these wings are better than any kfc wings in koreatown manhattan. The spicy wings were super spicy though that even the bf made a comment about it. Comes with a side of pickled radish and corn slaw.- Sweet potato fries: soft and slightly crispy. No crunch. Kind of reminds of McD fries but sweet potato flavored. Not my favorite kind. The texture seems to smooth and not made by simply cutting up sweet potatoes. Comes with ketchup and honey, blue cheese sauce. The honey, blue cheese sauce is interesting...Overall, I'm happy we filled our hungry stomaches with chicken. Biggest pet peeve of mine was the slow food service. It must be a small kitchen or something. I had direct view of where the food was coming out. Drinks were fast, but not the food. We got our order of fries first and ate it all before the wings came out. Bf ordered mozz sticks, but those didn't come out and we were too tired of waiting, so just asked for the check. Luckily, they didn't charge us. Bathroom was relatively clean, but there was no soap.
I had high hopes for this place but the food was B+ at most. I would only go there for the happy hour. You can get better wings and food at other establishments.
If you're craving for Korean fried chicken, this is a good spot to try! My friends and I ordered the following: parmesan fries, soy garlic wings, sweet and chili chicken and kimchi fried rice. Everything was good but we weren't a big fan of the sweet and chili chicken (which our waitress said is her favorite so it was kind of a let down). Otherwise, the soy garlic wings are delicious I can eat probably eat the half order by myself. The parmesan fries are so addicting, I had to force myself to stop eating those so I can eat the wings. The kimchi fried rice was flavorful and had chunks of spam in it? Overall, good service and good food at good prices so can't go wrong with that!
Food: soy garlic is too sweet, but chicken is a good quality Atmosphere: trendy, full bar.Service: okay, nothing special.
I looove this place. The location is perfect since I am in central Flushing so often, and I don't have to go to Northern Blvd for Korean food. Whether if you are craving for some budae jigae, kimchi fried rice or just some oysters and fried chicken wings, this place satisfies your Korean/bar food cravings. The music is always good and I love coming here for happy hour after a long day of work! The service is good but sometimes they take a while to get the drinks out for some reason; and the cocktails are on the weaker side. That said, it's hard to say what my favorite dishes are because everything I've tried here are solid. I definitely recommend the bulgogi quesadillas and of course the wings!
Came a couple times over the years. Their truffle fries are a must item. The wings are standard-good to munch in but nothing out of this world, although if you get spicy, prepare yourself! I'm not a fan of soju but their Lemon soju & lychee soju are great. We drank 3 pitchers amongst three of us and the waiter gave us free yummy bear shots (I guess because we had a 150-ish bill?)
Came here late Saturday evening for wings with friends. We ordered a large order of half & half. The wings were fried nice and crispy but the flavoring was a little lacking. The soy garlic was a little sweeter than norm and I couldn't really taste the garlic taste. We also ordered the gratin and sweet potato fries and they were mediocre at best. The gratin was nothing amazing and we didn't really enjoy it. The sweet potato fries were made from sweet potatoes that didn't really have any flavor. The ranch that came with it was definitely a turn off for me as its flavor overpowers the very minimal sweetness of their sweet potato fries. The environment was very dark and I was a bit puzzled by the tiny candles on every table that did not go in hand with its somewhat loud music.
Ordered a small order of half spicy and half soy garlic wings. Soy garlic were my favorite of the bunch. Also ordered the fried sweet and chili half chicken, and the fried Korean marinated half chicken- they both come with nuts on top so be aware if you have allergies. The fried sweet and chili, fried Korean marinated, and spicy wings all tasted the same. The spicy wings lacked the sweetness but had an overall similar flavor. We ended up with too much chicken of one flavor. Don't make the same mistake. Service was great, and so are the truffle fries. There is a separate bar menu and a combination menu with entrees and drink pitchers.
Whenever there's a new place opened i always wanted to give them a try and it was today afternoon! Ordered small wings half&half No special sauce & nothing special! It was nothing difference from bonchon chicken! But it was juicy inside..Ordered beef bibimbap! Very disappointment! The beef were too sweet for my taste buds for my man & I! Also where ever korean restaurant you go and order any bibimbap they serve a soup but "The coop" didn't! Ehh I didn't like it at all! I definitely need soup with my bibimbap Ordered parmesan fries which was good! The reason I gave 3 stars was because the fries was good and the waitress was nice! I'm sorry to say this but I don't think I will be returning back!
The food is decent, but nothing over the top. They had different flavors for wings (spicy and soy garlic) and they were good. The kimchi fried rice was also okay. There is a clean and hipster space, with brick walls and aesthetic lighting. Bathrooms were clean. No parking space for this, and it's on a pretty crowded and narrow street. The service was not the best, because the waitress didn't come to us a lot of the times and we had to get up to call her over. There was no one there to seat us, and it seemed there was only one person working. The food also took a while to come. Would recommend this place for some casual food, but don't count on the service.
Policy of 30$ minimum per person with group of 5 or more. While the taste is good, ain't nobody can eat that much chicken.
I don't know a single person--other than vegetarians--who doesn't like fried chicken. KFC--Korean Fried Chicken--is the new big thing. With a lively (albeit a little loud), gregarious atmosphere, The Coop appeals to the young crowd: those seeking decent generic cold drinks and wonderfully unhealthy bar food. Count. Me. In.Oysters (4/5): They were reasonably fresh and well-shucked. The mignonette could be better, there could be a wider variety of oysters, but this was an unexpected and delicious surprise, so I digress.Cheese Okonomiyaki (5/5): Wha-what is this beautiful madness?? Served in a skillet, the okonomiyaki is topped with mayo and bonito flakes, both of which are typical toppings to the Japanese "anything you want" pancake. The mild, gooey cheese was an unexpected yet perfect addition to the dish. Often, I find that the okonomiyaki, pajeons, and other similarly thick pancakes tend to be a little limp in the middle. While the outer rim of the pancake develops a golden crust, the middle is often left to be just a little mushier, just a little softer, and just a little more....boring. The Coop's addition of cheese resolves what I call the Rim-Center Pancake conundrum. I love this dish, even if it might give me a heart attack.Korean Fried Chicken (4.5/5): Remember to eat the chicken with the pickled daikon radish! The palate-cleansing, slightly sour crunch will completely offset and complete the crisp, salty, sweet, and juicy chicken. Both the spicy and the soy flavors are great, and they outclass BonChon's flavors. Overall, I would hope the sauce was just a tiny bit more present, but this isn't too big of a concern.All in all, I thought the food was great, the ambiance was fantastic, but more importantly, the service was absolutely on point. The waiters were really congenial. If your table hasn't been attended to in a while, I found that any passing waiter could help me pretty punctually.
Happy Hour is da bomb. $1 wings, $1 oysters and $3 drafts. The soy garlic wings are delicious but not amazing. I live for spicy food but the spicy wings are way out of my league. I order the Budae Jigae at nearly every Korean restaurant I go to because I love the idea of kimchi, ramen noodles and vegetables in a boiling beef stew served over a mini stove but this one was a disappointment; all I tasted was sausage. Again, I am in love with this place and their happy hour specials. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing!
The Coop does wings right.  Hot, crispy, juicy, spicy, savory- Pretty much perfect.  Service is on point. Definitely recommend.
Came in around 6:30pm with a group of 12 for a fun holiday season dinner of Yelp elites and the Yelp adjacent haha. It's always challenging when going out with a group so I always leave my expectations a bit lower and prepare for some bumps in the road. We experienced some, but I am still a fan of this place.Everyone in our group ordered items to share so I was able to try a few different things. I ordered some soy garlic wings (6 for $6 off the happy hour menu) and I was happy with my choice - wings were nice and meaty, crispy with a great flavor. Others that tried the spicy wings as well thought the soy garlic were better. I tried the bulgogi quesadilla and thought it was decent. I tried some of this spicy dish pictured in my review, spicy rice cake - it had a hell of a kick which I really liked. The chicken gizzards, which I thought I would hate surprised me! The were nice and crispy and seems like a perfect accompaniment to the Lagunitas I ordered - a nice basket to share with a beer drinking buddy!The server seemed to forget a drink ordered during happy hour, but still made good on the price even through it came late and it was pointed out to him. I did like that the server gave us a "last call" to order off the happy hour menu just prior to it ending - nice touch!  I was disappointed that oysters were not available tonight on the Happy Hour menu they were listed for $1 each with 6 minimum.The music is pumping here, crazy movies projected onto the wall, the place gets loud and is made for hanging out. I think it is good for a group ESPECIALLY DURING HAPPY HOUR (3-7pm). The owner was really friendly when he saw me waiting for the bathroom he said I could use the ladies room and that it was ok since he is the owner! After I exited he asked how I liked it and I told him it was lovely. As I was leaving he gave me a nice handshake and asked how I enjoyed everything, which I replied honestly - I had a great time especially with the fantastic company!
Excellent wings. Love this place great ambiance and it's open late ! Really enjoyed the sliders and the Korean flavor wings. The staff is excellent. Attentive and very accommodating. Will definitely be back.
Rating will be 3.5 starsI always wanted to try The Coop since they opened last year so I finally crossed off my bookmarks. I made a reservation on Monday for tonight's dinner at 6:30pm for my group of 12 people. Man I hate bench seats and they are super uncomfortable with no back support. There's no closet to check your bulky winter coats but luckily there was an emptied little table were we just stacked up all our jackets...of course I asked the bartender if it was okay to do so. As my friends slowly arrives to the restaurant, no one even bother to bring us menus and one of my friends had to go and retrieve two. Why do customers have to go retrieve menus on our own...doesn't make sense. That friend also pointed out about Happy Hour ending at 7pm and it was already 6:38pm so we cramped our Happy Hour order in first.Happy Hour Drink Specials:A few people at my table ordered Draught Beer Malibu Bay Breeze (1)Sex on the Beach (1) White Russian (1) Happy Hour Menu:Originally my Pescatarian friend wanted the Oyster but they didn't have anymore so she ordered Kimchi Egg Roll (doesn't have a description at all on the menu). Later on my friend found out I guess from the actual menu that it contains pork belly and she tried to cancel her order but the server didn't bother to do anything and brought out the dish anyway from the kitchen.Coop Wings 6 pcs (what a great deal) - many ordered the Soy Garlic and a combo of Soy Garlic and Spicy but damn the spicy wings are WAY TOO SPICY for me lol...I tried one of each =) Fried Chicken Gizzard - this would've been a yummy dish but they hide the yummy gizzard underneath the heavy batter Regular Menu:Bulgogi Quesadilla (1)Truffle Parmesan Fries (1) - very crispy texture of the fries I made sure that Seafood Jeon and Spicy Rice Cake doesn't contain any meat on behalf of my Pescetarian friend. Thank god the spicy level of the rice cake was lower than the comparison to the Spicy Coop Wings. The service was ridiculously slow and make sure you are on top if you order second rounds of Happy Hour drinks before it hits 7:00pm because this restaurants gets super packed as they have two different entrances in One Fulton Square. They might tend to forget and tried to argue about what your order was submitted. Overall the food was yummy but the service was not so attentive! I have a better go-to KFC spot on Northern Blvd or K-town in the city!
So I've got to say the staff has completely changed since my last review.  The 2 main bartenders I see here are Lucas and Ava, they're pretty nice to my friends and I. They're pretty awful for encouraging us to drink more.  Their happy hour 3pm to 7pm is great. Really.  $3 beers,  $1 wings and $1 oysters are what gets us in.  You can't go wrong. Their kimchi fried rice is delicious! Give that a goThe parmesan fries with truffle oil is amazingI'm on the fence with their bulgoki quesadillas. The meat is so good and so is the cheese but together,  I feel like something's got to give.  If you've been scorned by their old staff, it's time to give this place a another chance.
I'm just taking one star off for the Chef Salad. It was advertised as having chicken on it, but when I received it, there were about 3 small pieces of chicken in it. The lettuce and avocados were fresh. Just disappointed that I got ripped off lol. Tip: Inquire about how much chicken they put before ordering lol. Also their service sucked! The waiters were running around, we had to ask 2 times for our water. Theres a lot of waiters for the crowd. But, they all huddle up in a corner by the bar and are just laughing. However, the Sweet Chili Fried Chicken definitely made it up! There was such a nice texture to this fried chicken. It was juicy on the inside and super fresh!In loveeeeee !
Can't believe it took me this long to discover this restaurant! This might be the very first Korean fried chicken place I've ever been to in NYC that serves both traditional Korean dishes along with western ones. It's actually pretty awesome that they have a little of both.I came in on a weeknight with a major fries craving, and sure enough they had 2 different options (sweet potato fries or truffle parmesan). I opted for the truffle parmesan fries, which was good but I wished they were a bit crunchier.It was also during happy hour, which is between Mondays to Fridays 3pm-7pm, so we got the $1 oysters (min. order of 6), the chicken gizzards, as well as their coop chicken wings (soy garlic- 6 pieces) off of their happy hour menu. We also ordered their special potato cheese bacon ball too. Obviously, we were very hungry! Overall, I was very happy with my meal and will surely be coming back.
Went to coop for HH and ordered some dollar oysters, appetizer, and drink. The ambience is very casual for talking, the only thing is that the bartender was not very friendly and that was why I rated this 4 stars and not 5. The prices are reasonable and they have pretty delicious fried chicken and Korean cuisine in their regular menu. I would recommend going here for any new, old friends catch-up
The food and service here is great. Took one star off because some 2 person tables are really small. So coming here on a winter day, it's tough to put your huge coat and bag on a backless seat. Other than that, this is a great hangout spot for beer and fried chicken wings. I've ordered a lot of things off the menu and every item tasted great. I tried something new they had on their special menu and they were looking honest feedback, so this is a place that is continuing to improve on what's already great.There's a tv set to a sports game.  Their mixed drinks are great.Love the atmosphere and the cool vibes.
Good chicken and beer. My favorite is their beef intestines soup. Don't let the name fool you. The soup is so thick (almost creamy), spicy, and fulfilling. Their happy hour selections are not bad. Will definitely comeback to visit next time I'm in Queens.
the soy garlic coop chicken here is quite good. i havent had the spicy wings myself but i hear its very spicy. play this game: eat 5 spicy wings in a row and wash it down with the spicy broth. anyway the broth was a bit disappointing. many that ive had before are in a much deeper pot this one is very shallow. if you mix it around theres a high chance it will spill over the side. the pancake is not good at all. not crunchy on the outside and incredibly mushy on the inside. more like a bad seafood mashed potato pancake. the truffle fries are alright. the spicy rice cake  dish had a few rice cakes ontop but the bottom was all ramen noodles. service was good. the waitress was attentive and checked on our table throughout the night
Nice atmosphere and friendly service. The food was decent. Had the coop wings and parm fries. The fries were great, but $10 for the plate is a little pricy. The wings were well cooked and very crispy (yum!), however I didn't love the flavors of the wings.
The chicken is okay, not the best, but not bad either.Food: (3/5) The chicken was well cooked and properly seasoned. The chicken was not bad, but I have definitely had better. The soy flavor was okay and the spicy was on the spicier side. The fries and sides that came with the chicken were also okay. Ambiance/Service: (4/5) The waiting staff were courteous and the tables were clean. Food came out on time and was hot. The place is pretty hip and dimly lit. Definitely geared towards the younger crowd. Place was not too busy even on a weekend dinner.Value/Overall: (3.5) I would give this place 3.5 stars because the food won't wow you, but its worth checking out if you crave Korean chicken and you are in the area. Not worth a long commune for though. Korean fried chicken is usually pricey and the prices here were not too bad.
soy garlic chicken  are by far the best thing on the menu.  gret place, great food and really nice waitresses . the only thing is that you wait a long time. there are only 2 waitress for the whole place.
So to start I like how this restaurant feels, it's more of a night time bar snack dinner location. Their selection of food is a very good variety. I like how they serve fried chicken, to budei hot pots, to LA shortribs. This place has it all. I can't say that the flavor is full 5 star review but with the selections mixed with quality I give this a full 4 star.
Came here for the Korean fried chicken just in time for happy hour! We ordered half spicy and half soy garlic; both very good! I am taking away one star due to the slow service.. plus we had to ask our waitress multiple times to refill our waters.
Stopped by here for lunch with my sister. We both heard good things about this place and liked what we saw on Yelp, so we decided to see for ourselves. After a (super long) time looking at the menu, we ordered the crispy yangneom chicken and spicy rice cake entree. The chicken was pretty good, but it wasn't amazing or spectacular. The best part was the sauce, and the little pot of salad (it had corn and some other veggies in it, mixed with a sauce) on the side.I thought the spicy rice cake dish was a bit underwhelming. It came in a pretty big dish that was filled with sliced fish cakes, carrots, and rice cakes. There was also some ramen in there - the amount looked like half a package of the kind of ramen you get at the store. For the price ($12), my sister and I thought there should've been more than an assortment of foods that we could've gotten at the grocery store. Given all of this, I won't order it again in future visits and will give another entree on their menu a try.Overall, I give this place a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I wouldn't call myself a fan, but I will like to come back and try some of their other menu items.
I genuinely love this place. Their drinks? On point. Their apps? On point. I can't imagine a better place for KFC (Korean fried chicken) than this place. I went with a friend last night & there was a decent crowd. Not too busy. Our our meals came out in a timely manner. Their waitstaff was so attentive. I was impressed. This was my second time here, so it amazed me that they were consistent with great service. Will definitely be back.
My colleagues and I stopped by for a quick lunch. We only had takeout so I can only rate the food. I don't travel to flushing too often but I wish did because I would visit The Coop all the time. The chicken wings were amazing. Between 4 of us we split two large orders of wings (Spicy and Soy Garlic) Like I mentioned the wings were amazing, the takeout order was pretty quick too.I took a quick peak at the restaurant and it seems like a real, cool and hip place to enjoy lunch, dinner and drinks with friends. If you're not familiar with this part of Queens and need a bite to eat, you won't be disappointed at The Coop.They accept credit cards, good for kids and are opened late.
My first time trying this place, and I liked it a lot. They have 2 flavors for the fried chicken - soy garlic or spicy. The spicy was too spicy for me, personally but I loved the soy garlic. We also got the Jjigae stew, which was yummy. It came with ramen and rice cake, which I love. They put it on a mini steamer-thing on ur table, so the dish stays warm the entire time!We also got bulgogi bibimbap, which I wasn't a huge fan of. They serve it on a regular plate with cold veggies. I prefer the hot stone version. Food came out pretty quickly. Not much in the way of side dishes- we got a small dish of regular kimchi basically.
The atmosphere was a modern Korean style. People greet you in Korean when you first walk in. I sat at the bar so I'm not sure how the service is at the table. I had a lychee martini and a flushing ice tea. The lychee martini had lychee fruits in it which was awesome! The tea was really strong just like a Long Island and it gets the job done. The menu had interesting options such as a bulgogi sliders which sounded wonderful. The prices are a bit high for flushing but I'm sure it's worth it.
Woot! Finally a Korean friend chicken place in Downtown Flushing!  If you're in the area and have no idea where to eat, then come to The Coop. I assure you that this is the ultimate destination to meetup and catch up with friends. You can't go wrong with anything here, really. Chicken and beer. What more could you possibly want?! *throws bone over shoulder* Having been here 4-5 times(the first time was a few days after grand opening), I have tried most of the things on the menu:1. Half-and-Half(Soy Garlic/Spicy Wings) - typical flavored wings; nice crisp texture; not too greasy. 2. Bulgogi Quesadilla- comes with sides of salad dressed in a sauce with a deep, wine taste and a heavy cream dipping sauce. Not bad, but not mind blowing either.3. Sweet Potato Fries- I love sweet potato. and fries. before guys. Crisp texture with hints of sweetness.4. Oysters- fresh and delish. served RAW.5. Seafood Cream Udon - Lots of different seafood(clams/med. sized shrimp) hidden in a puddle of cream amongst waves of Udon. It's a bit heavy on the palate. 6. Fried chicken gizzards- tastes great dipped in the sesame oil and slathered with the cheese fondue. #foodporn. I wouldn't really get this again. In terms of texture, it's tiring to chew. 7. Mozzarella Cheese and Pumpkin Fondue- Melted cheese with a pumpkin purée center! Perfect accompaniment to the wings and fried chicken gizzards. NOTE: this is simply a pan of cheese with nothing else. No bread, zip. nada. 8. Truffle Fries- fries fried in truffle oil. Pretty typical. 9. Bulgogi Sliders- stay away! Bulgogi was dry and wasn't marinated enough. Comes with a generous serving of fries tho.10. Kimchi Fried Rice- it comes with sunny side up! Aww!!! It literally tastes like kimchi. fried. rice. You can find this at any Korean restaurant or make it yourself. :p
Food was great. The oysters were good. $1 each on happy hours. The wings we got were half and half. The soy garlic was very delicious and the spicy was actually VERY spicy. So if you can't really handle that much spice, just get the soygarlic. It's also very awesome. The quesadilla was very good! The seafood pancake was a little too thick and not too well done that it tasted still mushy inside. Finally for the strawberry Soju it wasn't that strong. I'm 105 pounds and I didn't even get a little feeling from drinking most of pitcher (more than 3/4). Service was awesomeThe decor was clean and neat.
This is my second fav Korean fried chicken wing place in the world. Spicy garlic ftw! The bartender was attentive and the bar specials were pretty decent. It's like a sports bar but also good for dates.
I was craving some Korean food and some drinks so I found this place close by where I was getting my car fixed. I paid for parking by the parking garage it's like $4.00-$7.00 an hour. I love the food there oh my goodness. The wings were perfectly crispy and juicy with the right amount of sauce. And the ribs with the melted cheese was heaven ! If you're still relatively new with Korean food the staff helps you pick out food and everything ! This place has a lot of different customers which was nice seeing a lot of people enjoying Korean cuisine. Next time I want to try the kimchi pasta
I was wrong when I first rated this 3 stars. After trying out other Korean fried chicken places, I realized the prices for the wings at The Coop were fair and the soy garlic chicken is unbeatable. I love the truffle fries, but find the other appetizers overpriced at over $10. I've been here three times now for the soy garlic and the flavor is consistently phenomenal. The ambience is also interesting--dark and modern but very clean.
My son and I went to try out the place. We love Korean wings. So we ordered 20 spicy garlic wings. It wasn't too crowded. The service was good although the table next to us got forgotten. But here's the important thing... the food! The wings were nice and big and the sauce was flavorful. When I asked my son what he thought, he said, "Eh, not as good as Kiyo-chan." True. Kiyo-chan's sauce was better but their wings were tiny (the one on Northern Blvd. is closed). And compared to Mad for Chicken? I guess Mad for Chicken edges it out. But Mad for Chicken takes forever for the order to come out. So I think The Coop will be my go to place for Korean wings. We also ordered the bacon wrapped potato. It's very good but very bad for you. Definitely should try.
Their bossam is pretty popping. Their chicken wings and seafood udon isn't that great. These chicken wings are so small I cant say if its worth the price or not, unless you go during happy hours. As for the seafood udon, their "garlic bread" are just stale croutons they put and mix into the noodles to try to hide how old these croutons actually are. Was not happy with this dish, especiallyfor how costly it is.
Their lunch Special only lowers the price by $2- $3 on average per dish from what I saw and compared on the regular menu. But it is super empty, peaceful and quiet...completely different from their night scene....a sea of people lol
My new fave Korean chicken spot! Located in the revamped section of Prince Street in Downtown Flushing, this joint has a lot to offer with a cool hip vibe for locals and tourists staying at hotels nearby. The interiors are clean and new and have several big screen tvs for people to watch sports or kpop videos. Music might be super loud but that's always the case of a young bar scene. The bathrooms though were not clean that day was my only complaint!Server was attentive and explained to us what the situation was with their sauces. Although they ran out of their sauce that night (it was Labor Day weekend), we were able to get alternatives which made up for the loss. We ordered their yuzu alcoholic drink which went down smoothly. It was like drinking lemon tea that it hit the spot. Highly recommend it with two or more people. The wings were great and the bulgolgi gratin was filling as we wanted rice to compliment our protein. The truffle fries were good too but nothing out of this world. A good side dish!
The ambience was modern and good for hangout with friends. I ordered the chicken it was nice it was not spicy. If you are not a spicy person and you just want a hint of spiciness do not order the spicy that they have its super spicy! I mean most Asian spicy food is totally hot. I really like my experience the service are laid back and you can feel the Asian inspire cuisine they have with a modern effect.The music was loud cant really talk much. ( what do you expect its like a bar and many people)
Order the Truffle Parmesan fries! Happy hour offers 6 COOP wings for $6; great deal and super delish! Peach soju is good as well!
Menu changed since I last went! The place was really empty except a few people at the bar and at the tables.I had the cheese ddukboki, small order of soy garlic wings, and truffle fries.I've got to say i'm not a big fan of ddukboki but however the one here tasted really good. A nice mix between sweet and spicy!Food came out on a timely manner and the bill came out to around 39$ and we just paid 47 after tip & tax.
This place is good for chicken and drinks. The servers are generally nice except for one dude. The service is slow even when there's not that many people so expect to wait a while for your food. The seafood pancake here is often undercooked so be careful. I tried sending it back one time and they just bought out another one which was burnt on the outside and still raw on the inside. My favorite drink here is probably the gummy bear shooter.
Pros: Theres a wide variety of food and there's a happy hour where oysters are $1 each and other cheap eats. Cons: The food takes forever to come out. A friend and I have been there a few times and ordered the truffle parm. fries and a dozen oysters every time. However, the fries come out first and then the oysters come out ten minutes after we're done with the fries. The oysters are also very small, in my opinion. They're $1 each, so don't have much expectations regarding the serving size. They skimp out on other dishes, but still tastes good. Service is okay. They don't check up on you other than when your table is completely out of water.
Yummy! A hip place to have dinner and grab some drinks with friends in downtown Flushing. It is located on the 2nd floor of the One Fulton Square plaza if you have trouble finding it. The place is not usually filled so no reservation needed. I have been here twice and had fried wings and mozzarella fondue both of the time. The crunchy and juicy wings come in two flavors: soy & garlic and spicy. Now if you're not very confident in your spicy food tolerance, definitely stick with soy & garlic. I'm not saying Im spiciness master or anything but am not so bad either but I could hardly finish two spicy wings (my friend did so it's not impossible). The Mozzarella Fondue is made of smashed pumpkin with melted cheese on top, a nice appetizer to go along with dem wings. Budae Jigae was surprisingly good in my opinion. I didn't expect much cause usually I'm not a fan of this dish. But they made a good, not-too-spicy broth here with lots of spam, sausage, tofu, veggies and ramen. I remember having Bossam (boiled pork belly) the first time coming here but it was just average. They have a good range of beers, wines and other alcohol drinks to accommodate with all the spicy food. The price is reasonable. Waitress forgot our order but overall it was fine. Oh and a plus is they also have oysters and it's $1 in Happy Hours.
Initially did not like place. When I first came here, I don't know why but it felt like there wasn't much on the menu and it was just a waste of money, but recently I've been coming here more often and I love it. I come with groups usually and it's awesome. I saw their menu again and realized how much they had. The prices are okay in my opinion, I usually just share all the dishes I order with a friend. Anyways, the wings are delicious and the spicy wings are actually spicy! Their fries are good too! I usually get the sweet potato fries though All in all, great place and I'd recommend it !
This review is so long overdue. It's a pricy place but worth it especially when its opened till late. It's great for big groups too!This is my go to Korean chicken wings place. It beats mad for chicken by a mile.The service is always good! (Well except for one time but i'll let it slide)I've tried almost everything from here but i always gravitate back to the chicken wings, the oysters and the truffle fries! These three are the staples that I always get from here.Their seafood pancake and bulgogi quesadilla are also amazing!! There is a bar and the lights are often dim. There are two TV's but you can't even hear them so it's pretty pointless.
Great happy hour deals considering Flushing hardly has any place that does happy hour, but oh so limited drink options. The chicken ($6) during happy hour was great with soy garlic and spicy halves. Spicy wasn't too numbing spicy. The chicken was okay, could be better in crispy factor. Yuzu makkoli was yummy but not on the happy hour selection so that's $12 a pitcher. Overall, a good place to chill after work and hipster atmosphere.
Good place to go for chicken I like the chicken here it's always on point. Can't say the same about the other food though...  got their seafood pancake here 3 times and 2 of the times it came raw very undercooked. Drinks are good sometimes but other times below standard
By far this place has the best Korean Fried Chicken in Flushing. Location is big and the plus is they have a full bar. The waiters here are always there when you need them and pretty friendly. Def a good place to go and eat and get good drinks!
very cool placeI came here around 10pm. It's kind of busy time. But we still had good service. About the food chicken wing and seafood hot pot that what we ordered. So good. I will go here again.
Wow! This all I can say. Their Korean chicken wings are cooked correctly with right amount of flavor( spicy) and it taste so good. Their oysters are also great and very fresh. It is a great place to hang out with friends. I will definitely come back.
First off, A+ customer service. It's by far the best customer service that I've ever received in my life. The waitresses/waiters are more like a tag team. They are always aware of what the customer need. For example, I thought about more napkins and BAM! without saying a word, one of the waitresses quietly came by with napkins without saying a word. Talk about mind blowing! It's also great to see that the waitresses/waiters aren't on their smart phones on the down time. They are up on their feet waiting to assist. Great job management!On to the food! The parmesan fries were fresh and crunchy. It was delicious! I decided to go with the half/half wings (hot and sweet). Be sure to keep in mind that this is "Asian Hot"...so it can be a bit on the spicy side. The first one was hot and then it just got hotter. I recommend going for the sweet ones. The wings were fresh and perfectly fried. I highly recommend it!As for the atmosphere, it was a really chilled place. A great restaurant to drop in for a drink or hang out with friends. I love the interior design and direction of the restaurant.Keep up the great job!
We were looking for some good late night food and drinks and came across The Coop. Upon walking in we went upstairs and were greeted and seated immediately. We tried the grapefruit soju, the truffle fries, and the soy garlic chicken wings. The grapefruit soju had such a cute presentation. It came with some cotton candy on top which was nice because the drink tasted sour like real grapefruit. It was a nice balance having the two together. The truffle fries were really good, but I've had better (I'm a spoiled foodie). The wings were amazing! Probably the best I've had. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that the service towards the end sorta sucked. Our server failed to bring our beer even though we asked twice and it wasn't even busy. We asked for the check and a box a couple of times and were finally given what we asked for. Service was lame but I'll be back for the food:D
I came here around 10:30PM after having a few drinks at the bar upstairs, and we ordered 2 plates of wings and the truffle Parmesan fries. I like the soy garlic wings, but they weren't savory or sauce-y enough for me. Their spicy wings are also not very spicy. I loved their fries though. They were thin (just how I like them), crispy, and well seasoned (but not overly seasoned). It goes down well with the soju and beer we were all having. The space is tight though, and it was winter time so there was no where for us to hang out jackets and the chairs do not have backs, so I just put mine on my seat and sat on it. It is a good atmosphere to have some casual drinks and to have conversations with friends. It has a coffeehouse meets club/lounge sort of vibe, but I like that they don't blast their music so you can actually hear your conversation and enjoy your food.
This place has some mouth watering chicken! I got the half and half flavored chicken. Half was spicy/sweet and the other was garlic. The spicy flavored chicken was spicier than I expected. I had to drink a lot of water but it was still good. I don't recommend it for those who can't eat spicy Korean dishes. The garlic was better in my opinion. In the end, the chicken was just crisp, juicy, and flavored perfectly.I recommend everyone to try the bulgogi and rice covered in cheese dish. I forgot the name but ask for it and you won't be disappointed. That dish was just heaven in my mouth.I would definitely come back here every day if I could.
The Coop was a wonderful late Friday night fried food choice. We randomly decided to go since we were in the area and we read great yelp reviews. We ordered the truffle Parmesan fries, Korean marinated wings and the kimchi egg rolls ! Everything was great  ! I don't think you can ever go wrong with truffle fries and the wings were sticky tangy and little spicy drums of heaven ! The kimchi egg rolls did not taste kimchi-y at all but nonetheless were delicious especially with the dipping sauce! I would come here again and would argue that this place beats a lot of similar Korean fried chicken places in the area !
My cousins and I had a great time at The Coop for Part 2 of our "Cousins Day Flushing Food Crawl." We saved up our appetites (or whatever was left of it after some XLBs + Taiwanese Chicken...#fat) for some Korean Fried Chicken and Soju pitchers!We arrived around 1:00pm on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. Our waitress/hostess/bartender extraordinare, Hayoung, seated us promptly. She checked all our IDs (who really orders soju pitchers at 1pm?) and said we all looked way younger than we really are (1 star for the compliment ;))We ordered truffle parm and sweet potato fries along with 3 orders of the soy garlic chicken. Add 2 pitchers of lychee soju and you've got yourself a good time!Great service, delish food, in a space that does not seem like Flushing at ALLL. PLUS $20 soju pitchers - I am a fan :)
I like how they changed the happy hour from 3-6 to 3-7pm, but I honestly wish it was till 8pm. I had their sangria which was a tad TOO sweet. I'm also not a fan of the maraschino cherries that were in it but if they ever have their fat tire beer in stock, give it a try because it's refreshing.
The chicken was pretty good. I got the soy and spicy. The spicy is quite spicy after 3 4 but stil delicous. The oysters were mediocre i dont really recommend gettting it because they werent chilled enough. The one complaint i have is that even with happy hour prices we spent $110 for two people. Pretty expensive for chicken and beer for 55$ a person
Had a really pleasant time here! The food was really good but a bit overpriced. However, I am still willing to come here than traveling all the way to K-town lol. The menu seemed very limited but I was very happy that they had everything I pretty much wanted. Their spam dog was really good, I LOVED their Bossam!!! Probably my favorite place in New York that can make good quality Bossam. I also really liked their rice cake and the ramen, very unique and different from other korean restaurants. Their wings are okay, I just prefer it to be a little more crispy. Overall, I will be returning!
My cousin's been telling me about this and my bro been wanting to come here, so today I took my fam here for lunch. We only ordered 4 plates; 1. Kimchi Cheese Okonomiyaki- loved it!2. Truffle Parmesan Fries- It was okay3. Spicy Rice Cake w. cheese- it was good. Wish it was a little more spicer. Spice level: Mild 3. Chicken- gotta get the chicken!! Overall we ate around $68 (including tip) Would definitely come here again with my friends.
I went here with my sister and brother-in-law for a belated birthday dinner.  Parking and driving in the area surrounding is awful so take the train if you can.  There is a paid parking lot but I ended up getting stuck in it at a gridlock for about 20 minutes. Because I was stuck I ended having my sister order all the food and I just tried everything.   My favorite was definitely the pork belly with spicy sauce.   The korean fried chicken is very tender, they don't have a spicy option like mad for chicken but I still ate the entire order.  The waiters offered us a free shot on the house which was a really nice touch.  I'll definitely be going back here again with some friends.  As for pricing, I don't know.  They wouldn't let me see the check :)
Came here two times and loved the mozzarella bulgogi. The combo wings are a must. The spicy wings aren't as spicy as they are from bonchon or other chicken places. As for the lunch special, their bimbimbap is one the best I've ever tasted even though I prefer the hot stone ones! The truffle fries were delicious too!
Good service and the portions are pretty generous!We ordered the spicy rice cakes, chicken, and truffle fries and all were executed well. Truffle fries were lacking a bit in truffle flavor but it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside just how I like them. Chicken was good and not heavily battered.
Nice, but more Korean fusion meets American bar than I was expecting. The menu didn't impress me, however the place was  jumping with a twenty something crowd, I felt out of place.
The music was a bit too loud, food took a while to come but it wasn't bad. Overall, the experience and service was very ordinary.
A great Korean Restaurant. Their fried chicken is the best!!! I ordered the spicy sauce fried chicken. They are very spicy so If you cannot handle the spicy food be careful to order. Love the place and the service are great.
Definitely fulfilled my chicken craving here! The pieces are meatier than at mad for chicken and tastes more wholesome. The sauce itself is really yummy and coats the wings well and the spicy ones were really spicy. I expected spicy sauce but it came out looking like normal wings with no sauce but once you bit into it you felt the spice overtaking your tongue We got the bulgogi quesadilla as an appetizer and I usually hate fusion food because it never works but this surprised me and it worked really well! The bulgogi was really well seasoned and flavorful that it brought new life to the quesadillas i was used to eating from taco bell. Their drinks are pretty strong but taste so good, i could drink a pitcher on my own just because it's like drinking candy. The lychee one was AMAZING. I cant wait to try the other flavors next time i come back! The crowd is also pretty young too but it compliments the trendy vibe the restaurant decor is trying to give off. Everything works well and it's a place that brings new life to flushing main
Drinks here are good. The food is good. Environment is nice. Whats not to like? The food comes out quick too! & the workers are very professional. i really enjoyed the quesadillas & the fries. Soooo good.
Best korean chicken spot in N.Y.Amazing foods amazing staff Highly recommend!!!!!This is my new favor spot to drink
The Happy Hour (3pm -7pm) is a great deal and includes food items. The fried chicken is excellent and the "spicy" isn't as hot as they'd lead you do believe. It taste good and packs heat. But it's not like you'll need a fire extinguisher or anything...unless you do not enjoy spicy food. The truffle fries are also a must. Sure, no truffles were harmed in the making of these snacks. But they still taste REALLY good. The tap line on the beer was clean and working well during my visit. So I enjoyed a well-discounted pint or so. Actually the "or so" part is where this review takes a turn. The service leaves a lot to be desired. I was there around 4pm or so on a weekday. Many of the tables were filled in the main area and no one else was at the bar but me. I usually like to sit at the bar because I do not have to look for my server. Well that wasn't the case this time. A woman behind the bar greeted me as I sat down. Then she left. Forever. No drink order taken. No water delivered. After about 10 minutes I looked around the room. There were about 15 other patrons who seemed to be waited on by only 1 person. No bus boys. No bartender. Just one woman whose eye contact was impossible to obtain. I finally stuck my foot out and tripp...I mean called out to her and she cheerfully agreed to take my drink order. She was also kind enough to put in a food order for me.  Eventually, a cold beer appeared. Great. NOW I can be patient.It took a good long while before anyone else went behind the bar. But by 5:00 the workers in the area began to fill up the bar and I suppose the powers that be thought it was good for them to be served drinks because someone did finally show up to do just that. Again, everyone was quite pleasant while they were present and the food was good. The "or so" part came up when I ordered my 2nd beer from the bartender and she brought me out a full pint. That's when I realized that the waitress who had served me earlier had given me a much smaller glass. Oh well. I was lucky to be drinking anything at all at that point so I decided to be grateful.I'd recommend this spot. I love the decor and the food is great. But service matters - or else we'd all eat at home. I hope they bulk up the staff a bit.
I love the coop's soy garlic wings - definitely my fav and I always order some every time I come to visit. YOU definitely need to try them!! Also they have cute little gummy bear vodka shots! Overall, food is there is amazing. They play music at a reasonable volume and the customer service is great. Although a bit more on the pricey side, the coop is definitely one of my go to places.
As soon as you walk into The Coop its super cozy and service is quick. I ordered the chicken wings, parmesan fries, along with the Gratin with Bulgogi. The chicken wings do not come with sauce, which bummed me out a little bit because I love BBQ sauce, but it did come with Chipotle Mayo and Ketchup. The Gratin was amazing! The cheese was melted to perfection and the Bulgogi was cooked to the right temperature. Food was so fulfilling and they played great music! The Coop is a great date night place too!
Yum Yum Yum ! I love this place, it's such a laid back vibe. I usually come for a late night bite, when I can convince my boyfriend to come. He isn't such a fan of Korean food, but I absolutely love it. I've tried their Korean army stew, and their wings of course, as well as their Bulgogi quesadilla, and plenty of other stuff. I never had an issue with anything I ordered, and always left satisfied. Their price points are pretty fair, and not extreme, compared to K-Town in Manhattan at least. I haven't tried any of their drinks, but they seem to have a pretty nice variety of liquor, and specialty cocktails. Definitely seems unique when I see them being brought out to guests. Their service is pretty bad, but I think the food makes up for it. They're not very good at checking in on you, refilling your water, or just making sure you don't need anything. It's never really busy when we go either, maybe 3 tables tops.
Very nice they open a hangout place in flushing with nice Korean food and drinks. If K-town is too far you can be here for fun as well.Fried Chicken is good, decor and atmosphere afe also good.
This place is amazing! I live in Brooklyn and every time my friends and I want korean fried chicken we make the drive up to flushing. The spicy rice cakes were to die for and the fruit flavored soju complimented every dish we ordered. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone who loves fried and spicy stuff!
All things aside, the Coop serves up my favorite Korean chicken wings! Okay. Done. I'm in.The skins is always crispy but not so much that it's weird and chewy and sticking to my teeth. The meat is tender. I love the soy garlic because it's not tooooo sweet. It is tad too salty but that's to be expected. The flavor of the spicy wing is great but I'm not good with spicy so usually I can only take a couple of bites and then hand off the half-gnawed off wing to the bf (attractive, I know). They always try to warn you that their spicy wings are very spicy and deter you from ordering it. My bf who likes spicy foods agrees it's spicy but not so over the top like they make it seem. The atmosphere and the service is fine, nothing to go on about. The cocktails are meh and the beer selection is limited. But again... they have the best wings!
Good Happy hour deals, came here twice for HH and another time for dinner. Soy garlic wings taste a little like black bean sauce. Truffle fries taste like regular fries with a lot of Parmesan sprinkled on top.
Went here with a couple of friends for dinner. Like the vibe here, but was really not impressed by the fried chicken. We ordered soy garlic and spicy but I found both wings lacked flavors. I do like the truffle parmesan fries a lot though. I would give it a second chance given that I haven't tried the other two flavors.
The first thing you notice about this place is the nice, dark, sleek ambiance with top 40 songs playing at a moderate level, and a huge screen showing korean music videos. The place wasn't too crowded on a weeknight, came here to watch the election results with some friende. Didn't believe such a nice place was located only a few blocks from the flushing 7/lirr trains. Good for dates, after work drinks with friends, or a casual get-together.5/5 half and half chicken - a crisp and savory outside with perfectly cooked white meat inside. 5/5 truffle parmesan fries, definitely eat it with the orange dip (which they gave refills for). The "trash can" was one of the most unique drink presentations I've seen  with an inverted can of Red Bull still floating in the drink. The lychee cosmopolitan was recommended to me by the waitress and it was simply delicious. Service was also excellent, it wasn't a busy night and our waitress came right over every time we needed anything. No one tried to rush us out the door even though we stayed way after finishing our food to stay and watch election results. Overall, a really great find in the flushing area, what are you waiting for?
Yo. Coop. You guys should know that you guys make a mean fried chicken!!!! If you guys had more beer options, get some local brewery beers, I would come more often-- although I already do lol. Always get the soy garlic wings. I recently tried their grilled chicken and glad it wasn't salty. It felt "healthier". I l also love their ddakddongjip aka chicken gizzard. Delish!!! Also, I love their soupy stuff too. I hope and pray that you guys don't use too much MSG, hondashi whatever lol. Cus it's mad good. You guys probably do..
Been going to this place occasionally for about 2 years now, and it's one of my favorite go-to places, hands down. Their soy garlic wings and truffle fries are a must. The ambiance is great, the music isn't too loud, and they have such great customer service. Part of the reason why me and my bf love going to this place is because of one server in particular; Sabrina. She's the sweetest person, and recognizes us easily right when we walk in.
My favorite chicken restaurant!!! Not only does this place have really good korean fried chicken but all their other food and drinks are so good!! My friends and I got the spicy rice cake, bossam, seafood cream udon, spicy chicken, peach soju cocktail, and the grapefruit soju cocktail. Out of all those my favorite were the bossam and the peach soju cocktail!! They also gave us birthday shots for my friends birthday!! So nice!!!
Really disappointing service.Came here yesterday with a party of 8. To make things less complicated while collecting everyone's orders, we wrote everything down on a napkin. When the waiter came, we explained the entire order to him, and he also took the napkin. We ordered 6 orders of happy hour wings (5 soygarlic, 1 spicy), 9 oysters, fries, among other things.The fries and drinks came on time. They only brought out 6 oysters, and we had to remind them we ordered 9. About 30 minutes later, none of our chicken arrived yet, so we asked the waiter about it. They apologized, and said the chicken takes 25 minutes to make. 10 minutes later, they bring out two orders of chicken (1 soygarlic, 1 spicy), out of the 6 that we ordered.10 minutes later, we ask again about the rest of our chicken. They said they would go and check, but never got back to us. Another 10 minutes later, we ask about our chicken Again. The waiter has the nerve to tell us that we only ordered 6 pieces of chicken, rather than 6 orders of chicken. His excuse was that he thought we only wanted 6 pieces of chicken; 5 soy garlic and 1 spicy. This makes no sense whatsoever considering they brought out TWO ORDERS OF CHICKEN (12 pieces total the math isn't hard tbh). If we only wanted ONE PIECE OF SPICY WHY DID YOU BRING OUT AN ENTIRE ORDER? AND WHY DID WE GET A WHOLE ORDER OF SOYGARLIC WHICH HAS 6 PIECES INSTEAD OF THE 5 YOU CLAIMED WE ASKED FOR?The waiter has the audacity to ask if we wish to wait for more chicken, but "he can't offer us the happy hour price". Completely ridiculous considering it's their fault they messed up the order. He did not own up to his mistake and tried to shift the blame onto use instead. Great job dude you just lost 8 customers for your restaurant.Can't comment on how good the chicken was cause my order never came lmao
Summary: decent happy hour spot on weekdays.Food: $6 wings, 6 pieces of crunchiness, choose from soy/garlic and spicy. Average wings that goes well with drinks. Draught beers are $3 during happy hours. Had the Yuzu makkori for $12 for two. Tasty/cute drink. Nothing amazing, but okay for a casual outing for drinks and Asian bar food.Cost: happy hour $15-$20/person including tax/tip. Affordable. They accept credit cards.
Hit this place up a few nights ago, on a Saturday night. The food was off the chain, for sure the best wings I've ever had. Literally makes me not want to eat wings from anywhere else, because they can't live up to the quality and taste of The Coop. Also ordered the bulgogi quesadilla and they were bangin.  Really savory, crisp, and just plan delicious. Spot was poppin, with lots of people and a great atmosphere. Amazing drinks and top of the line service. I was visiting NY for the first time and my close friend hooked it up by recommending this place. I've seriously been all over the United States and other countries, and this spot took me by surprise and exceeded all of my expectations. I'll be land marking it on my iphone and is now a must visit when in NY, for sure.
Their chicken is amazing. We got the crispy dakangjeong chicken (sweet &chilli). It was very tender and the sauce was well made. Their drinks are also pretty good, I recommend the Paradise and the Flushing Iced Tea (just a sweeter version of Long Island, with yuzu). The music was great, played radio music and popular EDM hits. I would highly recommend this place, whether or not you're trying to "turn up", to young adults.EDIT: I forgot to write this earlier, but they gave us a plate of complimentary popcorn twice which was very nice of them. (y)
This was a decent place.  It's actually close walking distance from the subway.  This restaurant is located in a beautiful "outdoor mall" type setting but a mall full of restaurants.  Choices were endless.I had to look on their site to copy exactly what I got, even though I'm Asian - I have no idea what any of this means.  I just picked it.  The Bulgogi Gratin - Stir fried rice topped with a mozzarella cheese béchamel sauce choice of grilled meat kimchi / bulgogi.  Bad idea if you're allergic to cheese, I couldn't even eat it - it was good for what I did eat though!  Mix the rice into it, and you can call yourself a chef!Their white kimchi was delicious!Their parmesan fries were gross.Their cheese fondue actually had sweet potatoes underneath it, not a fan.They have free sides of rice, and I took full advantage of that.
The happy hour is cool enough for me since the chicken wings is $1 each. I ordered half and half, oh it was so spicy and the soy garlic was good. So if you want to eat Korean food, come to the coop.
Like most hipster asian spots, we came in at a time where most of their products were out of stock. They only had 1 kind of chicken wings (soy), but boy was it good. One of the better places in Flushing. The Yuzu soju was AMAZING! It comes out in a pitcher sitting on top a mountain of shaved ice. Hopefully next time they will be stocked up.
It was quite good. A bit expensive for my wallet but worth it. Love the truffle fries
I truly love this place. Great wings. $1 oysters during happy hrs. But the music is way to loud. It use to be on a great level where I can hear my friends but not it's so loud I'm literally reading their lips and constantly asking "what did you say?!" I honestly feel like I'm at a club. Smh
MMmmmm had a craving for fried chicken and ordered the half soy garlic and half spicy, truffle fries and budae jigae. The Lychee soju was pretty sweet and masks the alcohol pretty well. It was carbonated so that was different. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, however all the flavor is on the skin so if you tend to peel off the skin, you lose flavor. One order of truffle fries was enough to feed 4, it came on a large platter with spicy mayo sauce. The service here is on point! They came by and picked up dirty napkins, plates, little bowls and refilled our water several times. I asked for radish refills 3 times and they came back each time with a smile. The interior got a nice hipsterish feel, mainly wooden furniture and decorations. I loved debasaki but this might surpass that due to its convenient location.
My friend came before & really liked it, so she took me. We came at 12 (opens at that time), so we were the 1st ones. The place was a bit dark, but I liked the set up. Service was good. Price was a bit expensive. We got bulgogi bibimbap. It was ok. More people started coming in. We can't handle spicy, so we got soy garlic wings. Inside was good, but I didn't like the sauce. Fries are so good! I want to come back for it.
Will need to come here for food and maybe try some more drinks but this play was pretty good.  Our friends ordered some food (some kind of quesadilla type dish) and said it was good, while we ordered a yuzu drink that was the current special going on.  The drink served four people and we couldn't even finish it, but this was also not our first stop of the night. The reason I'm giving it 5 stars here is because of our waiter.  He was super helpful in choosing our drinks and was on top of things the entire time we were there.  When we were trying out our drink he was very concerned if we would like it or not as he was the one that recommended it, but the drink was in fact really good.  I even saw another patron at another table drop their eating utensil and our waiter literally had it in that patron's hands before they could realize they dropped it.  Very impressive. I would definitely try this place again for different drinks and food.
5 stars for the restaurant itself,1 star for my experience thereI've had my fair share of visits here, staff has always been very nice (although there have recently been new faces), food is great and atmosphere is comfortable BUT I can't say I love the crowd that this place attracts. On friday night I was sitting at the bar and the bartender working had served me multiple times. I have never had an issue with her.Two men sitting at the bar were being obnoxious, taking pictures of the bartender's... "outfit" and trying to talk to her.  Made myself along with multiple other people at the bar uncomfortable. They have a right to approach her how they want, but she has a right to reject them and most importantly her friend or boyfriend has a right to tell them its wrong to take photos of her like that.  These two customers may have been men but they weren't grown. They caused a scene, even got into an altercation with an elderly man AND a cop. This place is amazing but I hope it starts attracting people with better restaurant etiquette. There's a difference between a restaurant bar and a strip club and I think if these two men wanna go out to eat next time, they should let the rest of us enjoy the ambiance we pay for, and make their way to a pizzeria and have dinner with children that act their age.
Great spot to stop by if it is late and you need some food. They are a modern Korean / fusion type establishment that has a lot of seating and a nice sized bar. I opted to sit at the bar (even though there were still tables available) as to get a better view of the television while I ate. The menu offering has a lot of dishes and appetizers to choose from. I chose the kimchi egg rolls, small order of fried chicken wings in soy garlic (14 pieces) and the gratin. They also have an extensive alcohol menu that a party of three near me was taking advantage of. They must have ordered a couple of pitchers while I was there. But they were there before I arrived and they were still there when I left.  The employees are very courteous and accommodating. This is a spot that is great for large parties of people. I believe they are open late on week nights as well as weekends which is a plus. The location is convenient as well. Most of the Korean restaurants are located up Northern boulevard but this one is right in Flushing at the Fulton shopping center with entrances on Prince Street and Roosevelt Avenue.
Crave for some Korean fast food and fried chicken, this is the spot.  Full bar with some basic selection of cocktails and craft beer.  Drink menu is simple and nothing complicated.Prices for appetizers are $10-20, mains are $15-30.Prices were a bit high for fried chicken, $12 for a dozen or $23 for two dozen..which comes out to $1 per wing.  Not gonna break your wallet, but the chicken wing and drums were tiny!  Although small....they were flavorful.  Choose garlic or hot and spicy.Korean hotpots at the table are pretty much shin ramen packets with spam and mushrooms thrown together. Rice cakes were soft and chewy, none of that al dente crap they have at other Korean joints,  good for sharing at the table.Service was really attentive and caring.  Great location under the Hyatt place hotel and block away from the 7 train and major queens buses.
Checked this place out a few months ago and I'm glad to see the ratings on it have gone up because it's actually really good! As with the whole complex, I've been hesitant to like it but I have been pleasantly surprised.We got one of the drink specials which was the lemon & yuzu soju, based off our waiters recommendation and it was delicious! Our waiter was also so cute, he was very worried we wouldn't like it and came back to check on us and made sure everything was good.The food at this place is pretty interesting since it's like Mexican/Korean fusion, my friends got the bugogi quesadilla and they said it was delicious! I will definitely coming back again to try and food and get more drinks!
I love LOVE the coop. It's the perfect spot if you're craving Korean fried chicken and other bar kinda foods in flushing. Wish I could come here more often but I live pretty far :(Came here with a friend and we had a large order of wings, kimchi fried rice and the truffle fries. I have a thing for Korean soy garlic wings and these were on par with that of Bonchon's. I added mozzarella cheese on top of the fried rice because who doesn't like cheese??? It was good, but unfortunately I think it may have taken away some of the kimchi flavor. The truffle fries were so delicious I couldn't stop eating them. GET them!!
I am a regular customer. I have complimented the bartender, Ava, on her hairstyle and wardrobe. She once asked me, which looks better? Tonight, I took some pics of her to convince my friend to come out. Her boyfriend was sitting next to me and threatened me to delete the pictures. Ava came up to me and furiously tried to grab my phone asking me what pictures did I take. Don't wear daisy dukes shorts trying to get customers and  because the boyfriend was there trying to protect her. She was in public space and it was her decision to wear a skimpy outfit. She is making tips wearing skimpy outfits. Just bc her bf shows up, don't get defensive about it.Ava went over the line getting physical trying to grab my phone. It is not as if she was naked, having an intimacy time with her bf and I took her pic.She should be fired for getting physical with a customer.
Had bulgogi, Truffle parmesan fries, and 80 wings between 7 people. Capped off with Soju Bombs all around. Great food, great wait staff! Will be coming back!
Let's start off 2016 with a BANG! 'Last Love' a.k.a. Yuzu Makgeolli is what's up here! GET IT!After hearing the buzzes that the Coop has been making since their opening, it took me long enough to check this place out! My party decided to come here last minute after our evening event. We did not make reservations and was quoted a 30 minutes wait. Reservations are do-able through the Yelp app. My party of 7 sat in the bench area near the bar inside the restaurant. We placed our orders right away for drinks and food. Thanks to Yelp Check-in, we can enjoy one free drink from the following options: Mojitos (Original, Mango, Strawberry), Martini (Lychee), and Coop 'Bombs'. Although it was free, they did not skimp on the alcohol or flavor. In addition, we ordered the 'Last Love' which is the name of their yuzu makgeolli to share. Last Love was absolutely sweet, citrusy, and very refreshing! It was incredibly delicious and this is a must try!  We shared a large amount of food including the Soy Garlic and Spicy (it is sure, SPICY!) Chicken Wings, Budae Jigae, Spicy Rice Cakes, Kimchi Egg Roll, Kimchi Fried Rice, Beef Bulgogi Quesadilla, Seafood Pancake, and J Jusam (stir fry pork belly and squid). Coming with a party was just the perfect idea. Every dish was big enough to be shared amongst a party and goes great with drinks. Food left us very satisfied at the end! To sum it up, the chicken wings and Yuzu Makgeolli left a deep impression with me and I will surely be back just for them! Truffle fries, I'm coming for you too! Happy New Year, Everyone!!! Here's my first review of 2016!
The dishes were good. I got the Parmesan fries, chicken wings and jap chae. Parmesan fries were really good,  chicken wings were crispy but wish they were juicier. Japchae was the only thing I didn't really like the taste of, it was bland and not on par. Service was pretty good and the drinks are so cute!
My party of 6 stopped by for a bite on a Saturday afternoon around 1-ish. Being that this place is more of a bar/night time-kind of place, understandably, the restaurant was a bit empty. Upon entering, you are immediately greeted by a very courteous host (he also opened the door for us when leaving, props).I thought that the place had very cute decor and had a nice vibe to it-- but that makes sense, the restaurant is relatively new (I consider Flushing Commons to be relatively new). Apparently out of the four available sauces, two were unavailable, including the soy garlic sauce at the time of our arrival (and I emphasize on this one because that was supposed to be the best sauce/the sauce we came to eat chicken with).We ordered the parmesan fries which were delicious-- oh so perfectly crispy and fresh. This was the delight of my meal, yum, though it isn't hard to find good fries these days....The rest of the meal was a bit lackluster. The pancake had a lot of pepper for some reason, which was interesting to me but not my kind of thing.Aside from the meal, we experienced mixed feelings on the service. The water took a while to get refilled, but when we were close to finishing the meal, our waiter immediately came to collect our empty dishes and provided us with more napkins...I guess I should stop by for a drink next time to get the bar experience part.
Spicy Rice Cake- delicious af! Super spicy though or at least I thought so. If you have a low tolerance for heat do not order this! Sweet Potato Fries- Really tasty and crunchy. Chicken- probably my favorite we had ordered a lot not realizing portions are shareable. Therefore, I would stick to shared entree and a starter or some fries if it's for two people. Had to take a star off because my server forgot to put in my meal order ( he bought me a shot for the mistake which was sweet of him).
So this is really 3.5 stars but no option for that. I'm updating my review to complain about the bowl of soup that this restaurant use. Its a shallow bowl. When I first came here they use the same bowl & thought it might improve since they just open. Last time I did complain to the server about it. I just try this restaurant for the second time. Good for 4 people we ordered the following:Half dozen raw oyster cost $9: not a bad deal at all! Bulgogi: It taste like its not really that marinated. It taste okay.  Large soy garlic chikcken wings: taste good! Crispy & exact sweetness. Spicy seafood soup: I inform the server we don't want that spicy & they really made it mild. It taste good but lack a little bit of salt. I ordered the same soup as before but I didn't ask for salt that time since it taste perfect before. I love the promotion on yelp that when you check in you get free drinks. Service is good! All in all food taste good! But hopefully they will gonna change the type of soup bowl they're using. Its just doesn't make sence because you can't get the amount of soup you want.
The food here is absolutely unique and delicious! I ordered a mozzarella cheese dip with pumpkin and it was so delicious! Such a different and unexpected combination, and I would definitely order it again. The chicken is also so crispy and truly a treat with every bite. I can't wait to visit again!
Fave wings spot so far (was Pelicana Chicken til now)!My friends and I ordered half and half of the classic Coop wings. The soy garlic ones are so flavorful and have the right amount of sauce, and the spicy ones are the perfect amount of heat. I loved them both! Pricewise, you get 12 pieces for $14 or 20 for...sorry not sure how much...oops. You can't manipulate how spicy it can be so you take what you get. The only thing was that the service was really slow. But regardless, I will be coming back here for my next wings craving!
Came here for the first time a few days ago with a couple friends, and I think its safe to say were were all supremely satisfied with both service and food. Before I begin, let me just say that fried chicken is one of my favorite foods in the world, so the coop was just the spot for me. The soy garlic chicken was absolutely delicious. Sweet, crunchy, savory, all the greatest aspects of good food. Their other appetizers were great too, especially the garlic parmesan fries. Environment was great, service was impeccable, and i definitely recommend this spot for anyone out with friends looking for a good place to eat and enjoy themselves.
had their fried chicken wings for takeout once. it was sticky with sugary sauce and just feels like pure fast food. i really expected a little more out of it as it was MORE BAR FOOD-ish than RESTAURANT FOOD-ish. the pricing also sucked big time as the wings were tiny. it'd prolly come here to hang out w/ friends who aren't big foodie but then again, there's a rooftop bar upstairs that makes better bar food and drinks...so yea.. those wings were a deal breaker. my big advice will be, focus on your theme, if you're a chinese takeout, you'd make sure that you're pork fried rice is kick ass and people will come back to, if you're viet restaurant you gotta make sure you're pho broth is up there and when you're a korean bar/restaurant, that fried chicken wing of yours needs to be really kick butt good. i'll check it out again soon, looking forward to the improvement. =D
Amazing wings!!! Some of my favorite in queens! Also the bulgogi quesadillas and cheesy bulgogi rice were freaking awesome. The fries too, get fries!  I sampled the melona mixed drink, not one of my manly moments but it tasted great. Perfect way to cool your mouth off from the spicy wings. Everything was perfect, Im looking forward to coming back for more wings!
Great place, fantastic food! 5 stars!!! Service was excellent and prompt. I highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to go back!
I've tried a lot of Korean fried chicken spots, and while I can't say that they food is out of this world, it does hit the mark on service and atmosphere. They have a great hip ambiance, especially for a restaurant in Flushing. (Yes, Flushing. Don't worry - the parking lot is practically across the street). My boyfriend and I shared the truffle parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadilla and a small order of soy garlic wings. We also had a drink each - a beer for him, and the melony (it had the melon bar in it!) one for me. Prices are fairly cheap for what we ordered, not that the food was anything too amazing. The fries were pretty standard, but that doesn't mean they weren't good. The wings were a bit on the smaller side, but 12 for $14 is a solid price. As for the bulgogi quesadilla, it was exactly what it sounded like. A cool idea, but not necessarily a must-try. Service was great - we were greeted right when we walked in, then again when we went up the stairs. Our server came over immediately and served us our waters, which were never empty. The decor is nice, but still comfy. They have a projector showing music videos on the side as well as two TVs by the bar area.
If you are craving Korean style fried chicken, this place will satisfy those cravings. It's your typical sports bar where it's loud and busy. The games of the night are being played in the background while people scream over the EDM genre of music.  Nothing is worst than having chicken wings where it seemed like the chicken was on a diet. Good thing we didn't come across that issue here. The chicken wings were finger licking good with its' crunchy exterior and moist interior. One of the best things they serve is the pickled radish that comes with your wings. Those radishes have just the right sweetness and tang to go with your wings and spicy dishes. Make sure you ask for more!The Korean entrees were fairly good for bar food. It didn't blow me away but it accomplishes it's goal to give you the flavors you would expect. Service is friendly here and the prices are reasonable. However, parking is not friendly around here.
Been here many more times since my first visit and they deserve an updated 5 star review.  Service each time has been impeccable; friendly servers, and food arrives quickly. Important note Korean wings take a long time to cook (double fried) so expect to wait for that or order right away. I usually sit at the bar because it seems service is better there. Overall food is very good and drinks are strong. Only improvement I can think of is the music is often too loud.
Came in for a few appetizers, including chicken wings, quesadilla and the cheese sticks,the wings were super spicy I couldn't finish them, the quesadilla was weird because they put some type of mayonnaise type stuff in it, wasn't into that, the chases sticks were ok, over all it was ok, but wouldn't come back.
What is all the hype about? It's way too expensive and our waitress who was a young Korean girl was quite neglectful. Forgot to bring us water and we asked multiple times. I give it two stars for the food. The japchae and the wings were good.Holy crap though. Not to bash Korean food but it doesn't seem like it's hard to make/simple ingredients, yet it costs more than a huge bowl of pho for only $8.
This place needs better customer service. It's the biggest problem with places in flushing. Places like this want to charge good prices for their food but then they give you shady service. Last time I was here we waited long for the food and it came out well spaced apart. They dropped silverware all around us and cleaned the tables with some dirty looking rags. The food was actually good but I was turned off by the service.
Good happy hour $3 beer & $1 oyster but strange happy hour one bartender wouldn't let me order another beer until I was finish my first beer. Strange lol. The other bartenders are cool. Delish Korean fried chicken soy garlic yummy. Loud noisy. I would stop by after work for a few beers Good place and friendly people.
Nothing but good things to say about this place and their happy hour! The staff is super nice, friendly and attentive, always asking you if you need anything extra. They walked around asking each table if anyone wants to order last minute happy hour dishes before they close off the menu for the night! The restaurant also plays some pretty good music, but anyways lets get to the more important part: For happy hour,  I got the midori sour ($7) and it was delicious! They gave us just the right amount of alcohol too; I hate places that skimp out on the alcohol during happy hour. These cocktails were dangerously too good, if you don't watch yourself you can totally be gone after a few. I also ordered 12 soy sauce chicken wings, which was also on the happy hour menu ($6 for 6 wings). The wings were admittedly small but they were so so good!!! They were crispy on the outside and the meat was so flavorful on the inside, basically everything you wanted in a chicken wing. Definitely do recommend you ordering this item! Next, we got a dozen happy hour oysters ($1 each). I must say they were pretty decently sized! They also tasted very fresh! So no complains about the oysters at all! Lastly we ordered the "gratin rice" dish to share. It was basically a baked pot with rice, bulgolgi, and mozzarella cheese on top! I thought it was just okay...not much flavor there, definitely the dish for you if you enjoy your cheese. There was also no meat flavor so I was a little disappointed, but overall, okay dish! I probably won't order this again though.
Seeing as how a new Korean fried chicken restaurant spawned from a construction site, I just had to visit. Upon entering, I was immediately drawn by the nice ambiance and decor. Since it was a crowded night, I sat by the bar instead of waiting for a table.Now for the good stuff:- Mango Soju - I found it to be extremely delicious, yet STRONG. I love how they keep it cold by placing it in a bucket of ice. I'd want to go back and try the other flavors next time.- Bulgolgi Quesadilla - comes with sour cream and some veggies on the sides. This was so yummy!- Parmesan Truffle Fries - huge portion, very yummy and cheesy (well, obviously)- Soy garlic fried chicken - nice and crispy, great flavor!The Coop also has great music and service was excellent.. the waters kept getting refilled! Hence, overall I'd give it the five stars. =]
After a highly relaxing day at King spa with my fellow bridesmaids and the bride to be, we were starving. We decided to try out The Coop, and I must say, we are vey happy with our decision. As there were a total of 6 of us, we got to try a whole bunch of food, which surpassed my expectations! We ordered the pork rib fondue, LA Kalbi, fried whole chicken, Budae Jjigae or Army Stew, and large soy garlic wings. The food came out in a timely fashion and was oh so good! The pork rib fondue wasn't as spicy as it looked and paired really well with the melted gooey mozzarella cheese. The kalbi was well marinated and extremely flavorful. The portion size of the army stew wasn't as big for the price paid, but the taste made up for the price. The wings were perfectly crispy and had just the right amount of sauce on them! I was too stuffed to eat more wings, but I will be back for their happy hour to try their $1 oysters and wings! Overall, the six of us left very much full and happy campers.
The spiciness of the wings is no joke. I like spicy but sadly it was way too spicy for me, I stuck with the soy garlic which was delicious! Love the radishes they give out. Wings are fried to perfection - the meat is soft and juicy and the skin is nicely crisped and sauce is fingerlickin good. I've also tried their rabokii (ramen+ddukbokki) with cheese - it was amaazing. Love the rustic and cozy ambiance in here. Will for sure come back if in Flushing and craving for KFC.
Good ambiance, awesome food great service!Food must haves-truffle fries-Bulgogi quesadilla -kimchi fried rice-combo wings (garlic and spicy)-slidersMake sure you check out Ava at the bar she's awesome!
Got SCAMMED but the chicken tastes really good at least! Ordered 20pc half and half wings to go and when I get home and open the box I am missing 1 spicy AND 1 soy garlic for a total of 18 wings.. I have zero idea as to how they can miscount 10 pieces twice but most likely will never come back since this is a horrible first impression. ALSO had to wait 40 minutes for my wings to come out despite being told a 15-20 wait :(
I LOVE Angela and Jacob they are THE BEST PEOPLE they are wonderful and friendly and so easy to talk to!
Step inside the Coop and be surprised by the modern vibe and cool decor. Servers and bartenders are pleasant and attentive. Delicious cocktails and yummy food. Servings are on the small side compared to other flushing eats but we come more for a "night out" to have drinks and snacks.
I loveeeeee Korean soy garlic fried chicken!! My ultimate fried chicken favorite! ...just in case it wasn't clear enough. Big space, wood decor,  contemporary, not typical for Flushing. Yes, i would go back and will/have already recommend to others.
I really like this place. Went here for a lunch with my friends. We had the hot pot, the chicken wings and the pumpkin cheese (I don't remember the name). The service is very nice. I think that the hot pot can be bigger LOL. But it was really good. We enjoyed everything! I will sure come back
The Coop has such a funny name and it should immediately help you realize that this place is all about the wings. Surprisingly the wings only came in two flavors but they also serve grilled whole chickens in other flavors but did not get to try since we came here for a very early dinner.  The price is average for korean food but 2-3 bucks more than the food you would normally pay for in flushing but it is fairly easier to get to than other kfc places on northern and is situated alongside a very hipsterish coffee place and some other new restaurants across from the old flushing mall.No complaints about the service. Very helpful and nice and even suggested that we order our wings right away so that we wouldn't wait too long to get them while we were perusing the menu. We ordered the half and half which was half soy garlic half spicy. The wings had a very crispy crunchy shell but they were very small. They tasted good but there was not enough sauce. They have handi wipes if your fingers get a bit dirty from eating the wings but they won't give them unless you ask. Otherwise you may as well just wash your hands in the single person bathrooms.We ordered the galbi which only came with a few slices of marinated beef atop some stir fried veggies like straw enoki mushrooms, peppers and onions and on the side was a gruel like substance which I thought at first was cheese but tasted like very thinly set powdered mashed potatoes. The galbi was a little too salty for my liking and I definitely needed to have some other stuff along with it.We also ordered the kimchi fried rice which came with two luscious runny eggs on top almost covering the whole pan it came in. The rice was good not great but the eggs made up for it.  Some of the entrees are a better bet than the sides since a side of truffle fries is about $8 while an entree like noodles or rice was just a few dollars more. They had some interesting items like a bulgogi quesadilla and a tasty sounding omelet and stews like budae jigae which every other table seemed to be having. They even come with their own table burner.The setting and furnishings were very modern with an asian feel with their sparse square wooden benches and tables. The bar was nicely decorated and seemed like a good place to throw back a drink especially since flushing has so few bars but the alcoholic drinks seem to be a little bit on the pricey side. They have a happy hour and they have a deal on oysters and you can order half of their half order of wings but it is not necessarily at a discounted price.I enjoyed watching the kpop videos in the background and it is definitely a nice place to have a relaxed dinner.I give 3 stars for the wings and some of the food but giving them an extra star for proximity, service and decor.
I was craving for some Korean fried chickens and just happened to pass by here the other day, so my friend and I decided to try this place out for the first time. We went around 1:30PM and there weren't many people so we were seated immediately.This place is a dining and bar all-in-one type of restaurant. We didn't order any drinks and went with their half & half chicken wings, sweet potato fries and Japchae. The chicken wings are okay, but not as bomb. The Japchae and the fries are definitely good ones to go for. We didn't encounter any problems with the service here. Will probably come back again to try out more stuff.
Been here a few times for dinner with coworkers after work. Very convenient location and the food is always pretty darn good. Every time I've been here I was seated immediately and the service was good.The soy garlic chicken is not my absolute favorite but it's definitely up there on my list. Very crispy and not dry.  The truffle fries though, are so freaking good. They give extra sauce at no charge, which I appreciate. I've also had the bulgogi quesadilla. It was interesting; even as I finished it off, I couldn't decide whether or not I liked it. My friend got the chicken gizzards and said they were good.There's also a cozy looking bar that I will one day visit. Very nice ambiance and a great and comfortable place to eat with a group of friends.
YES YES YES YES YES a Korean place that's in Flushing that's NOT on Northern Blvd. It's right next to the new Hyatt hotel (close to Presso coffee!) Get the bulgogi quesadilla!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sooooooo delicioussssssssss. Melon bar in my cocktail ($12) was lovely due to the novelty factor. That's all. - Jap chae - aiite - Seafood pancake - pretty good- Shrimp pilaf - shrug- Projection on the wall of Kpop music videos - mesmerizing - Price - $90 for 2 people for dinner... hmm... definitely not typical of Flushing
Hoenstly one of the best spots to go and hang out with friends, it's a perfect place to go sit and talk and chit chat. Environment is a little noisy but that's what makes the spot so enjoyable. Service was quick and food was pretty good too!
Ambiance: modern, posh, romantic with either candlelight tables Service: service was quite on point, they were attentive and nice from entering the place to providing the check Food:  the reviews about how the food takes a while to get to you is entirely correct, but once you get it, it's quite delicious.. But then again whole waiting I was getting very hungry so it could have been the hunger talkingMy friends and I went ahead and ordered what seemed to be the more popular dishes that were reviewed on Yelp - truffle fries - bulgolgi quesadilla - half and half wings - spicy pork belly These dishes were delicious, but be warned the spicy half of the wings is quite spicy! As for drinks they have a decent selection for what you would find in flushing. All on all good place to check out in flushing either to drink or get a good meal.
I order the mushroom casserole, the coop wings half/half, truffle fries, rice cakes. The casserole is pretty flavorful with every shrooms available with glass noodles and beef. Great to eat during this weather. The truffle fries were good and so was the rice cakes. The rice cakes were spiceyyyyy BUT GOOD. They added ramen in there, like the shin bowl noodles. Don't get your hopes up with the noodles. The wings were not as crispy and flavored as I imagined. The spicy wasn't spiced and the soy garlic was lacked everything. I prefer mad for chicken wings. The service was good, they attended up when we needed them and they were very polite.
The Coop was worth a try, but I won't be coming back, not after the clear sexism I experienced from one of the bartenders, whom I and my (male) partner have encountered twice now.I'll talk about the positive elements: the kimchi fried rice was filling and well-balanced (thanks to the eggs and ham), and the soy garlic wings were just to my taste. It has two large TVs at the bar, where my partner and I watched a quarterfinal game during the NBA playoffs during our first time here. I wish this place offered dessert, but because it didn't, I went next door to get that and bring it back to the bar.Our bartender (forget his name, but he's an East Asian-looking man with a lanky build + sharp facial features) interacted with us nicely at first; as the three of us started discussing basketball, though, his bias towards me, a woman, became clear. For instance: when he verbally asked, "Are you both rooting for the Spurs?" he made eye contact only with my partner, but I responded to his question anyway, after which he looked at me with disdain and nodded once. I got that same lackluster response during the few times afterwards that I mentioned anything about the game. In contrast, he acted more animated and only made eye contact with my partner when asking additional questions and starting discussions about the basketball game, acting as if I wasn't there. Though this bartender asked my partner if they could shoot some hoops together (and thus exchanged contact info), I left the bar pretty ticked off by the clear unevenness in how he interacted with me versus with my partner-- acting as if I couldn't hold a conversation with him about the basketball game. As we walked out of the bar, I remember saying to my compassionate partner, "folks gotta give women more credit." Tonight, my partner and I were about to give this spot another try, but after bumping into this bartender once again, I'm glad we didn't. As soon as we walked in, I heard, "Welcome!" in Korean and then spotted that same bartender, who apparently was off-duty and was sitting at the bar. He greeted my partner but failed to acknowledge me. Again I experienced another moment of feeling invisible and the whole time I thought, "This bartender needs to cut out that bullshit." So when my partner asked me, "Should we get a seat?" I instantly said, "Nope, let's go somewhere else." That'll always be my response when someone asks to go to the Coop. And off we went.
Good chicken wings and good truffle fries. The only thing I wished they had a little bit more bar food like nachos or onion rings. But overall the chicken and fries were good.
After a quick Yelp search while in Flushing, I happened upon the Coop. I thought it was an odd name for a Korean restaurant. However, their menu includes many bar food items along with Korean staples.We were very happy to see that the Coop is located in a fairly modern building. It's a long restaurant. We entered through 39th Avenue and the restaurant seems to extend an entire block with a separate exit near the bar area. We were delighted that the room was very modern, consisting of a full length bar, bar dining area, lots of two seaters and even community type rectangular tables that could seat large parties.We order chicken wings, a seafood pancake and spicy pork belly. I felt that chicken wings were just okay, nothing great. It's equivalent to UFC or Bonchon. The skin wasn't thin and flaky, but seemed a bit thick. The spicy wing sauce was only mildly spicy. As for the seafood pancake, it wasn't the best, but came in a decent portion. There was also a nice sauce that came along with the pancake. It didn't have the chewiness that I like and didn't have too much seafood, but as for volume it was okay in getting me full. As for the spicy pork belly, it was served on a sizzling platter. This dish was excellent was nicely done stir fried with a spicy bean paste. The service was a bit off because I thought there were too few servers. It was nearly toward the end of the meal that we got our water glasses refilled. When we did interact with the waitresses, they were nice and pleasant.All in all, I feel that this is a good hangout place for the younger set. There is a television, communal tables, bar areas that would be perfect for a night out. The music was pretty good as well. Pricing-wise, I think they're in line with other places, my reference point being K-town in Manhattan. It's not ultra-cheap, but if you're interested in better surroundings, this is the place to go.
Never had Korean food before so I found this spot. The bulgogi was really good!!!! The wings were amazing. I forgot what my friends had but it was really good too. Loved the Halloween decorations, chill atmosphere. The hostess was very sweet! Would def recommend to anyone looking for a chill spot
Great food! Awesome staff!What we ordered:Truffle Parmesan Fries (sooo good We ordered this 4 times!)Soy Garlic wings Spicy wings Pork Rib Fondue (tasty but don't think it was worth $24)Bulgogi Quesadilla (eh, nothing special)The staff were super attentive. They filled up our popcorn and water when it was empty and kept coming around to see if we needed anything. We came here with the intentions of watching the METS game. They were so accommodating and switched the game onto the projector screen for us instead of watching it on the tiny tv by the bar. It was a rainy friday night, we made reservations for 10 ppl but I guess since it was raining and a fairly new place we had no issues. Very spacious and clean. It's nice and convenient to have a Korean chicken place in the heart of Flushing. Definitely would come back for future sports games.
I got to know this place from a good friend of mine who works at a pharmacy above the restaurant. The environment is absolutely gorgeous! (The lighting, and background music, and the colors) The Korean restaurant is known for making the most uniquely flavored sweet/spicy chicken which left me addicted to it. I highly recommend this to anyone who is a food maniac like myself!
I've only been here once the other day but it was a great experience. I love the atmosphere and the food also tasted good. The only bad thing was the makgeolli was very light in alcohol so we had to order a bottle of soju and mix it with the makgeolli. Regardless, the staff was very nice and the place wasn't bad.
I liked this place. It wasn't phenomenal but I would go back because the atmosphere was pretty cool. Decor was nice. Good for date night or a chill spot to hang out with friends. The door they have on the mall side is SO LOUD. It slams everytime which is pretty distracting. Now on to the food.. The seafood pancake was delicious (except for the big slices of carrots - not a fan). It had a good amount of seafood in it which is a nice change when everyone else is trying to skimp. The soy garlic Coop Wings were pretty bland. I wouldn't go there again for them. It comes with a corn slaw and radish. Radish was yummy, corn slaw was weird. The chef's salad was actually pretty tasty. I would get that again with the dressing on the side. Overall it's probably a better place for drinks, but if that's the case I'd rather head over to Leaf Lounge next door.
I have made two visits here and one was really good and one was subpar, I am upping a star since I feel the second trip more than made up for original visit. I love the decor, the openness, the cute waitresses, the "scenery" and on my second trip, the food as well. The Coop is a month old Korean Fried Chicken joint located on the grounds of the new Hyatt Place in Flushing. Their HH for their chicken is not really a deal since it is 6 wings for $7 bucks for HH, when their reg small order of wings is 12 wings for $14. Hoodwinked. The HH is Mon-Fri which is nice and their $3 drafts were pretty good, I enjoyed my Lagunitas. They have a pretty extensive drink menu which was great, I had a few friends go on a previous visit and got pretty sloshed on their soju and mixed soju. I feel this place would would be a good place for someone who wanted to try Korean food for the very first time.The food:Coop Wings- I thought the chicken was just OK the first trip but much better the second trip. So we ordered the half and half and the soy garlic runs a tad sweet and their spicy had a little baby lingering kick. The first trip the wings were just about room temp, the second trip the wings were pipping hot. They were nicely crispy and not oily at all, I was much happier with my second trip.Truffle Parmesan Fries- Fries tossed in truffle oil and Parmesan cheese. I thought these were great, the truffle oil perfumes the fries nicely and the cheese offers a nice little salty bite. The fries were hot and crunchy, I would get this again.Bulgogi Quesadilla- Bulgogi, Mozzarella cheese, onion and mushroom. This is a really popular option for theirs apps but I thought it was just OK. I thought the filling was too sweet and the quesadilla had no texture what so ever, the outer quesadilla was completely soft. Overall just OK. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Oyster Happy Hour. The Oyster were Bluepoints so nothing too exciting but they were a $1 so whatevs. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Bossam- Braised pork belly with chives and white Kimchi. Bossam is a really popular Korean dish and the one here was pretty OK. The pork belly had a nice layer of fat and was prepared well but I do wish it had a tad more flavor even with the addition of sauce and Kimchi. The white Kimchi was pretty mild in flavor. This was my first time having white Kimchi and it didn't really feel like Kimchi.Seafood Jeon- Seafood pancake with mussels, prawn, squid and spring onion. I thought this dish was good but too oily. I liked the flavor and I liked the crispy top but the dish was greasy.Pilaf- Fried rice with vegetables and choice of beef/shrimp/pork. Basically, this is a Korean dish called bibimbap that they decided to rename as pilaf, it was neither. The dish is served as fried rice in a heated bowl with a side of vegetables that you add and mix everything together with the fried egg on top. We ordered the beef version and the beef was on the tough side and didn't offer a lot of flavor. This dish was kinda insulting to be called Pilaf or bibimbap since it felt like Chinese food court fried rice served in a hot stone bowl. This dish felt like it was served for someone who never had Korean food before.Japchae- Korean sweet potato noodle, beef rib eye and assorted vegetables. The issue I had with this dish was that it was oily and then it was lacking in flavor. The texture of the noodle was fine, but that was kinda the extent of my like.
gotta try the bulgogi quesadilla... its crack. over food was decent, vibes chill, music good. Was my first time really checking out this area although i've lived in flushing my whole life! It's a nice place to chill with a buncha food spots to hit.service was a1. especially sabrina & alice! 1000000 stars!!! all of sabrina's recommendations hit home run & alice was super warm / friendly.check it out~
Love their chicken, fries and flavored soju.The servers are very sweet and friendly. The ambiance is nice and cozy. The seating arrangement is nice and it's pretty big.It's a perfect spot to hangout with friends and talk for hours while drinking.
Food was great, but the service was complete shit. The lady named Angela served everyone like all the customers killed her family. Honey was actually dragging her feet and hunched over like she was beat with a stick. Brought down the mood of the whole restaurant. And did I mention the attitude? We asked for water and she actually rolled her eyes at us. WTF. And after all the bullshit service, we still have her 15% tip. But did she accept? No. The gave us the money back and word for word said "other people usually pay 18%" and made us give her what she thought was the correct amount. Like, sweetie. No. U don't even deserve 10%. Not after your shitty service to the whole restaurant. Me and my friends loved coop before, but now this experience killed it for us.
The food here is a must. The wings here unlike debasaki come out in 20 minutes instead of 30, thats a plus. Its very crunchy and sweet for the soy garlic, The hostess Sabrina was very sweet and friendly and answered all questions we had with the menu, 5 stars for the superb service. Our waitress angela and alice  were also very nice and polite. We had the cocktail soju and seafood cream udon. Everything better than expected, Will come again!
Randomly came here after trying to decide on a place with with a friend. Came on a Saturday afternoon and was sat immediately.  There wasn't that big of a crowd since it was fairly new at the time located and in the plaza of the new hotel. The staff was nice and attentive. It's also a family restaurant if you have kids. Menu was not overly priced and food was good.  We ordered the Korean style chicken wings calamari and quesadilla and they were all delicious. There are two entrances but the main one faces Prince Street. Left pretty satisfied and you will too.
Love this new addition to Flushing and can't wait to come back here. There is an express entrance, where you can get take away and the other entrance is the main entrance. They have high chairs and are kid friendly! The cocktails are $12 each and there is a long list of sakes and wines available. There is also a full bar available. We got a small order wings, mixed flavored spicy and soy garlic flavor. We also got the truffle fries and the gratin with bulgogi. The gratin was delicious! With cheese, rice and meat, you can't go wrong. The order of truffle fries was $10 but you get a lot of fries and there is hint of truffle oil. The wings were meaty, although the spicy flavor is pretty spicy. The wings come with a side bit of corn and radish and they also give you some side kimchi and bean sprouts. Coming back here soon to try the baked ribs with cheese dish and sweet potato fries!
Best Korean wings I have ever had.  The crispy crunchy skin was amazing.  We did a half and half order.  The soy garlic are very good but the hot are better.  They are hot but not overly hot where you can enjoy them.The truffle fries were very good.  The crunch was perfect but it was hard to wait for them to cool down enough to eat!The atmosphere here is very nice.  It is an upscale bar feel with a very modern look.The service was friendly and welcoming.Overall great addition to he flushing wing scene.
I've come here a couple times, most recently last night. The food is pretty good, truffle fries and fried chicken were outstanding. However, what this place lacks is teaching the servers some manners. Not only did our waitress look like she was miserable and was unwelcoming. She kept trying to rush us out after thirty minutes. The place was completely empty around 6pm and we ordered three appetizers and three entrees with drinks. If half the food was still there after thirty minutes being on the table, I don't understand why they are pushy.
I don't eat korean fried chicken often so I decided to hop on the bandwagon for an early birthday dinner during their happy hour. We ordered 18 oysters ($1 each), 18 wings ($1 each), truffle parmesan fries ($8), a sex on the beach cocktail ($7), oyster shots ($4 each) and a beer on draft ($3). All are happy hour pricing except for the fries which is not included in their happy hour (3-7pm weekdays).I've been to a couple of raw oyster happy hours and this one is pretty good! The oysters are large and not briny. It comes with half a lemon, hot sauce and cocktail sauce. It was my first time trying hot sauce paired with oysters and it was yummyThe wings were also a favorite of mine. Generally, korean fried chicken takes about 20 minutes to prepare so I expected to wait a bit. They came out quicker than I thought and I got to try both the spicy and the soy garlic. Both have good flavors but the spicy is a bit too much for me. I can generally eat spicy food but this one had a lingering aftertaste that made me not want to eat another. This dish comes with pickled radish and mayo corn which can probably help counteract the spice.I've heard that the truffle parmesan fries are a hit here so I had to try. Loved them! Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I also love the mixture of sweet and salty of the seasoning.The cocktail I got was very sweet and smaller than I thought but still gave me a slight buzz. The oyster shots were also pretty good and something I'd never seen before! My only complaint is that it takes some work to get that oyster out of the shot glass so you're just drinking cocktail sauce at first.Service was not the best even though it wasn't that busy. I felt like i had to flail my arms to get their attention but at least our waters were refilled constantly. All in all, a decent experience and I am a fan of the ambience here.
A new and trendy Korean fried chicken place in Flushing so I knew I had to try it out! So I came here with friends for food after classes and we arrived at around 2:30. Parking was easy since the Skyview mall parking lot and the municipal parking lot are just a few blocks away :) I liked the decor of this place! Even though it's also a bar, it was brightly lit so I didn't have to blindly feel my food in the dark lol. The tables and utensils were very clean. Service was excellent! Normally, the truffle fries can only be ordered after 3pm but they were very accommodating and allowed us to order it even though it was before 3. They came by fairly often to refill water and remove empty plates/trash.Truffle fries- Very crispy and delicious! They come with a spicy mayo sauce and ketchup. I recommend dipping the fries in the spicy mayo sauce since ketchup is more common and can be found anywhere lol.Bulgogi quesadilla- Absolutely delicious!! It's a little pricy but it is definitely worth it because it was so good! The meat was great and paired perfectly with the cheese. It also comes with a tasty sour cream sauce. Definitely a must-get appetizer!Soy garlic wings- Very delicious. I haven't been to Mad for Chicken for years so I can't really compare these to those. Regardless, I still found the ones here to be very crispy and tasty!Happy hour oysters- My first time trying raw oysters and I found them to be alright. They come with a lemon, cocktail sauce, and spicy sauce. It sort of tasted like sashimi IMO. I didn't get a stomachache so I'm assuming they were fresh lol.1 order of truffle fries, 1 order of bulgogi quesadilla, 3 orders of soy garlic wings (large), and 6 oysters costed each of us ~$22 (we were a group of 5). I would say this is a pretty standard price at Korean fried chicken places. For the price, I was very satisfied with the delicious food that we got. I would say I liked it here more than Debasaki. A great new addition to Flushing!
I've been here twice and the atmosphere is welcoming. The waiters and waitresses are constantly assisting and they are patient. This place is great for both huge groups and dates. The first time I came here it was to celebrate two birthdays. We were a fairly large group that fully took up one long table. We ordered a lot of food and were quite loud, but the waitresses were kind and patient after the mess we had made. They even took a group picture for us. The second time I came here, it was for a date because we were craving the food here. We ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries and fried chicken. The fries came with two dips: ketchup and what I believed to be honey mustard. The fries were amazing and I would recommend them to anyone coming here. Overall, this place is perfect for almost any event and the food was really good, would definitely come again.
I like the atmosphere, the service and the food. I came here with a friend. We shared an order of bulgogi quesadilla and medium wings (about 12 wings in total. half spicy, half garlic). The quesadilla tastes amazing. I was surprised that the mozzarella cheese really complemented the bulgogi. I think Mexican and Korean food are meant to be together!The wings have a lot of flavor. I think the half spicy is a little bit too spicy, but tolerable. It's spicy but not overly spicy to the point where you can't taste anything. Still quite delicious. The garlic wings are also great. The order came with pickled radish and corn.I would love to go back.
Great place, the happy hour is the best. $3 well drinks, $1 Oysters and wings from 3pm - 7pm. The atmosphere is cool and hip, it's a place you can either come on a date or with friends and have fun. Good selection of food and drinks, there one with cotton candy in...yes, it's that good. No complaints with staff or service.
Honestly I only come here for the fried chicken since it's Korean fried chicken  (self explanatory if you ever had them) but if you do come for the other dishes, they're overpriced for the portion size they give you. The flavors of the dishes are pretty bland so I would recommend if you do come here to just buy the chicken as takeout rather than dining in.
Great for large groups of friends. They have a large selection of delicious chicken, but I like their fried chicken stuff with corn the best. Price is reasonable and service is great. Its really cozy and nice inside as well.
Probably one of the best places to go grab wings and Other dishes in flushing. The garlic wings are just amazing and it's always crispy and crunchy to the bite. Great ambience inside for hanging out and socializing
Good Korean food in heart of flush.  Very modern atmosphere with a good bar. Their chicken are as good as the other famous Korean chicken. Their pork belly dishes was good too.  m-f they have a $3 draft beer during happy hours. Staff was attentive and made me feel welcomeThey changed their happy hour.  End at 6 pm now
This place needs new staffs badly!! They know nothing about customer service.  Only reason why this place gets two stars instead of one is because foods were actually pretty good.  They have best ddukbokki in flushing area imo.  Seafood cream udon dish was pretty good.
Setting 5/5- Came here to eat on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm. There were plenty of seats. The restaurant is kid friendly with high chairs available for my toddler. Food:1) Truffle fries 4/5 -crispy and flavorful2) Jap Chae 3/5 -decently good, noodles were soft3) Seafood jeon aka seafood pancake 3/5- smaller than other Korean restaurants' and there wasn't much seafood in it4) Chicken wings 3/5- they didn't have the soy garlic wings or spicy wings available. We had to settle for plain fried chicken wings with dipping sauces on the side. The sauces we got were honey mustard, sweet & spicy (did not taste spicy), and Korean marinade (this was really spicy). I like how the restaurant uses hormone and antibiotic free chickens, but was disappointed we didn't get to try the soy garlic wings. The wings were typical bar food sized wings. If you want to be full, I'd suggest going to Bonchon. Service 3/5- our waitress never came back to check on us or refill our water, we had to flag her down. The guy in the front opened the door for us to enter and leave. PS- You will still have room for dessert after eating here.
Happy hour and lunch specials are great but the customer service can be lacking at times. I've been here 3 times already. Food isn't spectacular but it's the closest walking distance spot to get the Korean fried chicken. The decor is nice and they have a large space.
Came here one day with the kids (WhaaaAaatt?!?!  Yelp says a place isn't good for kids, and I bring my kids anyways?!  Yup, I does this.) and I found that The Coop does somethings well, and some things average.  Hence, the three stars.First, as far as ambiance - thumbs up.  Modern, not too dark (like a movie theater) nor too bright (like an ER! yikes), clean and not cramped.  It was late afternoon on a weekend, so it wasn't peak hours (per my note about bringing my kids - at least give me some credit for not taking them during Happy Hour, alright?) and the noise level was minimal.Now what matters:Appetizers:Mozzarella Sticks: I wanted one but was denied.  Kids scarfed them down, so they are pre-adult approved.Truffle Fries: I was looking forward to these, but was mildly disappointed.  I won't order these again.Entrees:Whole Fried Chicken:  So my youngest mini-me has survived off of a diet that to-date is 50% fried chicken (or things I have told him are fried chicken), and this was a given.  You can get it made two ways for $2 more I believe, so we had half of it regular, and half of it Korean glazed.  The Korean version was really good.  Yummy.  The regular?  A bit bland.  Oh and a side note: the Korean version didn't seem at all spicy at the time, but when I had some leftovers the following day, the spices had really kicked in.Spicy Pork Belly: Comes out looking like a pork version of bulgogi, sizzling in its iron platter and dressed up with a few squares of tofu and greens.  This was really tasty.  And pretty spicy.  I would definitely have this again.One thing that could easily be fixed by The Coop would be making sure their servers aren't overwhelmed.  We saw that we were waiting quite a while from the time we were seated to the time we could put in our order (I actually got up to let our server know we were ready), and it was because it seemed like our server was covering all the tables by herself.  When it came time for the bill, I didn't hold any of the wait-time against her.All in all, I saw enough good in The Coop to warrant a return visit.
My friends have been going on about this place for months,so they finally got a chance to take me. Appearance : it had a nice atmosphere, music was playing was not to loud, just enough for some background noise. The place looked clean and welcoming Food: we our ordered the half and half wings (1/2 soy garlic and 1/2 spicy , both were delicious.. The spicy had a kick to it, so if your aren't a spice head maybe stick to the soy garlic. Either way they were both nice and crispy and delicious. We also ordered the seafood Jeon. I was a but hesitate, since I don't like much seafood besides shrimp but this was so good, never got that raw seafood taste or smell. Overall : I enjoyed the place and the food very much. I would definitely  come back for the wings ( I love wings! ) check it out!!
Chicken is good, that's what the restaraunt is known for. Everything else on the menh tastes bad
My boyfriend and I came here for after work drinks and wings (our fav). They have soy and spicy. Now I have a tolerance for spicy but their wings were uncomfortably spicy. The drinks were good. Probably will return because it's local.
They have a happy hour from 3-7 with $1 oysters we always try to catch. The wings, truffle fries and bulgogi quesadillas are always on point. Sometimes high chairs require a wait.
I came back several times after the grand opening and I feel the need to update my review. Originally I had given this restaurant 5 stars but now I feel like it deserves a 4.My first visit was during lunch time, so the restaurant was quiet and servers were attentive. They also let us choose from the full menu. I later came back for another lunch the same week to find that they only offer the lunch menu now. I was very disappointed because their lunch menu is expensive and the combo isn't great. You get an entree + drink for $15. That's basically it, no side salad combo or anything like that. Secondly, I dined in for dinner once and the music was so loud you could not even have a conversation with the person next to you. I understand they want to be exciting at night but there's no reason to crank to volume so high that you can't have a decent conversation during dinner. My last complaint is their plain salads. We got a chef salad and it's basically lettuce, chicken, croutons and cheese for $15. Where's the tomatoes, eggs and stuff?! Besides of all that, the food is pretty decent. There are definitely some I like more than others. In my opinion the top dishes are wings, grilled whole chicken (amazing and organic), pilaf with pork (spicy!), bulgogi quesadilla and sliders. I recently saw they have Happy Hour Oyster deals... Can't wait to try that.
Came here a little before 6pm on a Friday for their $1 Happy Hour Oysters.  I love oysters and the after effects of eating oysters, so when my fiance suggested trying this new restaurant out, I was down!  He arrived before me, and according to him, they announced the last call for happy hour orders before it struck 6pm, which is a nice move!We ordered 2 Guiness, 2 dozens of oysters, a mussel soup, 6 soy garlic wings and a bulgogi quesadilla to share.  The oysters weren't the best we've had but each was worth the dollar!  The mussel soup was light, had a nice kick to it from jalapeño peppers and was jam-packed with fat, fluffy mussels.  The soy garlic wings were surprisingly good, but not as good as Mad for Chicken, both portion and taste-wise.  The beef bulgogi quesadilla wasn't anything special, probably a dish I would pass on next time.Overall, it was a pretty decent meal.  I would return for its great atmosphere, happy hour deals and Kpop music videos.
I am 5 foot 2 and weigh 100 lbs more or less...I only say that to say after two strawberry margaritas I am barely tipsy. Pour stronger drinks!
Just left the restaurant. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. Food was decent. Made reservations for 8 people. We were seated immediately upon arrival and asked the waiter what time happy hour would end, to which they said 7 pm. To save them the trouble, I collected all orders and wrote it down on a piece of paper. The paper had "6 orders of coop soy garlic,1 coop spicy, 9 oysters" for the happy hour orders. We verbally went through each order, confirmed it with the waiter, and handed them the paper. When the only oysters came, we only received 6/9. After the other food came, we asked the waiters several times where our COOP wings were. They said 25 minutes the first time. After an hour of placing the Order, we had finished the rest of the food but the wings had still not arrived. a couple minutes later, they brought over a plate with 6 soy garlic wings and 6 spicy wings. We called the waiter again after 30 minutes and they said we had ordered 1 order of soy garlic and 1 order of spicy wings. we spoke to the manager and they insisted we ordered one order of each. They said we could get the wings if they paid full price for them, instead of the happy hour prices. They offered NO COMPENSATION for their mistakes and tried blaming it on us. Honestly, if they had followed the paper, why didn't they come out with 6 soy garlic wings and ONE piece of spicy wing??
My brother was recommended by a few of his friends to try this place out and brought me along with him for lunch. The atmosphere is really sheik and they play a lot of popular cover songs. We ordered from the lunch menu a large portion of garlic soy sauce wings and a side order of their truffle fries. The food did take a while to come out but in these kind of places it usually does. The wings were super crisp and fried to perfection and the sauce was a good mix of savory with a subtle hint of sweetness. The fries were great but honestly nothing stood out to me about them. For two people it was enough food and the waiting staff is nice. The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars it's because it was a little too pricey
This place was pretty cool! The decor or the place had a hip bar with dim lights standard tables and a dining area with a sports game in the back. The food:We ordered the japchae, seafood stew, and the sweet and spicy wings. Japchae: average/10. The noodles were a little thin but the flavor was good, for me just a little under seasoned. Seafood stew: 8/10 pretty solid dish, a lot of seafood, clams, muscles, shrimps, octopus, squid  and the soup was flavorful Sweet and spicy wings: 6/10 the wings were a okay. Skin wasn't crunchy and sauce was boring
The Coop is a decent place.  It is pretty.  Sometimes it is very loud.  You can get wings and you can get a whole chicken. What you can not get is chicken fingers or cutlets. This was surprising and disappointing. One day, just maybe, they will fix this.  It can get crowded at times.  Some of the rest of the menu is interesting and worth a look.
I prefer this place over mad for chicken whose cloyingly sweet wings is nothing compared to THE COOP! I'm still thinking of last night and how to get more for today!
Great place to hangout with friends, I love their peach tea. The Parmesan fries are amazing with the spicy mayo. The hot wings are unbelievably spicy, I didn't really enjoy it because of that. I feel like all you taste is spice and there isn't much flavor to it.  Just the feeling of your mouth on fire. Before ordering a big portion like I did I suggest you try the 6 piece wings first. You may like it but there's also a chance you won't. Better to be safe than sorry, they are a bit pricey. Also the staff is kind, friendly and helpful. I love their decor. (especially the big lightbulbs). The place is very clean! I will be coming back to try their other wings and stuff on the menu. They also have lunch specials and happy hour deals, be sure to check that out and get the most bang for your buck.
DO NOT PAY BEFORE PICK UP! They will make you wait forever since they already got the money! BAD ATTITUDE  as well!
Come here for Happy Hour,Oyster $1 each n beer is half price.
Friendly staff...spicy chicken has a great kick to those who love it HOT! Ordered their Korean rice Liquor with a hint of lime-DELISH..it was good for sharing... Had their $1 oysters for happy hour and it was sweet with their kimchi rice and cheese rice and of course JapChae! Yummy!! It's small servings but good enough to share!
Food was good and it's a decent place to hang out with friends! My favorites dishes are oyster, half & half chicken wings and truffle French fries! Better make a reservation on peak hours!
Pros: -pleasant, hip environment to bring friends and groups up to four or six -Parmesan truffle fries were crispy and hot. Dipping sauce was creamy and had a hint of tomato taste. Two thumbs up! -both garlic wings and spicy wings were covered in saucy, fried goodness Cons:-seafood pancake was okay. Not worth the price -the service did not pass my standards- did not refill or check in after we were given our food
We don't like the chicken wings there! Too sweet and too hard! The drink during happy hour water down.........the oysters are small!
The environment was comfortable, leaning more towards younger generations. Staff was super friendly and patience. Most of the dishes we ordered was spicy but super good. Only thing is the orange juice, it felt like it was diluted. After we mentioned, the staff was more than happy to bring us a new and improved juice.
Not a good experience. Which sucks cause the menu seems pretty great for brunch. We waited about 40 minutes after placing our order only to find out they forgot about our order. The place wasn't really busy and the staff was just kinda hanging around. In fact, since we got there I saw 3 different staff members actually sit down and eat while we were waiting for our food. Yet we're sitting there waiting and wondering what's taking so long. When the food finally arrived it was ok. Nothing special. One dish was missing avocado, one of the main ingredients. The place seems unorganized and inexperienced. PS- don't sit towards the back, that's where the sink is...loudest dishwashing ever.
Very attentive services~The soju cocktail was good, food was good and the services very attentive.Can't complain much beside the near tables right be the near end entrance, it was pretty darn windy and cold every time someone enters or exits.
Food wise, I can only comment about the fries because the other orders never came.Apparently it's the customers fault that they don't know how to read food orders that were written out for them & EXPLAINED TO. Offered NO COMPENSATION after lying to us about how our order was coming.We waited for an hour, during which we asked several waiters about our order until one ACTUALLY went to the kitchen to check up on it & then told us there were no orders pending for us.They said we can reorder the chicken but we'd have to pay full price EVEN THOUGH WE ORDERED DURING HAPPY HOUR & WAITED ONE HOUR FOR OUR NON-EXISTENT FOOD. I honestly wonder what would have happened if we told him all of our orders verbally.Oh, & the fries were okay. Not worth the price though. The fries I got are the only reason why I'm okay with Yelp not allowing us to give 0 stars.
Came with wife and ordered their Korean fried chicken and some other small plates.  The food and atmosphere is pretty much like a Buffalo Wild Wings.
The spicy rice cake is so good!!! Don't be cheap, just add cheese !!!!! It comes in a huge pan and the melted cheese made this dish more extraordinary. Bulgogi was delicious too and the truffle Parmesan fries !!!! I was so satisfied with their dishes and literally stuffed myself until I couldn't move. If you're craving some Korean food, go for it!!
The wings are inconsistent and the other dishes are mediocre at best.I used to come here a lot with my boyfriend when this place first opened but I swear they must've changed their recipe or switched up cooks. The wings haven't been the same since a few months ago and the seafood pancake we would always order has gotten soggy and tasteless.On the up side, getting a seat here is always easy, even for large groups as there's lots of space. The service is also good as the waitstaff is very attentive.
Nice atmosphere.  Ordered fries and what I thought were supposed to be chicken wings (especially since I told the waiter I wanted chicken wings).  Got a week amount of fries and fried chicken mystery parts.  Just make sure you are totally set/clear with what you are looking to order.
Was hoping to find a better Korean place than mad for chicken and UFC but whomp whomp whomp. Soy garlic is very bland and spicy wasn't as spicy as they claimed it was. The corn and pickled radish was gross. The mango soju was good! Big portion to be shared with 3-4 people.
Not my first time here and it probably won't be my last. Items on menu are basically bar food. They now have a happy hour menu. Six wings during happy hour are 6$. Whereas a small order of 12 costs 14$. A slight saving. Beware that the chicken takes about 20 minutes. Most of the time the staff forgets to tell you.. Drinks can be pricey. A non Virginia drink can run you 10$.. Overall, it's a nice place, but the prices are slightly higher. The staff can be inattentive. So beware. Overall, the food is good. Service can be better.
The location is on the top floor of some sort of food complex. Their are two entrances to the location. One entrance is for Dine in while the other entrance is for takeout. I had the half and half chicken. The flavor were Soy Garlic and Spicy. The chicken was really good. It had a great crunch and flavor. I ordered the Sweet Potatoe fries and they were not good. They were very soggy. The saice for the fries was delicious though. All in all if I were in the area again and was in the mood for Korean fried chicken I would definitely give this restaurant consideration.
Love that there is a great KFC (Korean fried chicken) place in central Flushing. The Coop has that down and more! I've been here a few times and its an area different from the rest of the streets in Flushing with a more upscale feel so the prices are a bit higher. But its worth it. The KFC is really good and had crispy skin. They have the usual soy garlic and you can have the option to have half regular and half soy garlic. Where they excel at is the traditional Korean dishes such as japchae and the kimchi fried rice. Especially the kimchi fried rice because it such a comforting spice but the egg gives it a lovely creaminess because of the yolk. On the other hand, their fusion dishes such as the bulgolgi sliders and the bulgolgi quesadillas are hit and miss. Just combining food like that is interesting but the execution isn't just yet. The Coop caters to both the Korean and American crowd and the decor is no different. It's well-thought in its design with giant screen tvs for sports fanatics and a projector playing Kpop yet its modern with the wood. I'll keep coming back to this place because it's a welcome addition to Flushing and I'll happily eat that kimchi fried rice anytime. Happy eating and remember: Don't deny, satisfy!
Review is for happy hour **Korean fried chicken has been extremely popular with lots of new places opening and I can say Coop is definitely one of the better ones! Loved the open, spacious area and the cute interesting interior. Service was attentive and the happy hour menu was excellent. 4 dollar draft, dollar oysters, small order of spicy/ soy chicken wings for 6 dollars I think? Chicken was pretty small but still flavorful. Got the truffle fries and it the truffle taste was strong, just how I like it. Budaejjigae was delicious. I like this place better than mad for chicken or Pelicana cause it's not dark as night inside and can see my friends face while eating. Will be coming back!
Upbeat atmosphere. Staff is very friendly and courteous. Food takes awhile to arrive, but tastes good. I particularly like the kimchi fried rice and the seafood udon dish. Coworkers and I would stop by during happy hour or whenever we are done with work to relax here.
This was my first time here. I took my parents and sister here for an afternoon snack. Both the exterior and interior decoration are nice and the restaurant is very clean. The seatings are benches, which I think is unique and different from other restaurants around the area. I enjoyed the three dishes that we ordered. We ordered bulgogi quesadillas, soy garlic chicken wings and French fries. All three dishes are delicious. The fries are amazing especially with the cheese dip. The cheese dip had a slight spicy taste to it which made it that amazing. The soy garlic chicken wings are great as well. This is the first time that I ever tried bulgogi quesadillas and I have to say I will definitely be back for it again. After this quick visit, I am impressed with their food and will definitely be back in the near future. But I will definitely be coming back for dinner or lunch to enjoy more dishes. I had a minor problem with the beer but they were very apologetic and brought me another beer. Besides this little incident I am impressed with this restaurant.
My new favorite Korean spot as well.  Fast service.  Great KPop atmosphere.  Friendly service and quality food served much faster than "Mad for Chicken."  This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for the parking mayhem that is Main St., Flushing.
Ever since this place opened up, I've been wanting to come here and try because I've literally run out of restaurants in Flushing to try/eat in and everything was getting repetitive. I've had friends come here so I wanted to see if this place is good. My first thought that came into my head was that it was similar to Debasaki, since they offer wings. I've been here twice. The first time I came here with my boyfriend. We came during happy hour so the wings were cheap. We got the spicy wings, spicy seafood soup and the bulgogi cheese gratin. The wings were indeed spicy and good. The soup was mediocre. It lacked a strong flavor and the spice wasn't as spicy as I would have preferred. The bulgogi cheese gratin was smaller than I thought (the soup was also smaller than I thought). Basically, there was rice on the bottom, bulgogi on top and a thick layer of cheese on top of that. It was mediocre. I love cheese, but the layer of cheese was too thick. It wasn't as good as I hoped for it to be. I still prefer Debasaki's flavor for their wings + their stuffed wings galore. The second time I came here, I came with two friends. We ordered the truffle fries, half+half wings (soy garlic and spicy) and the budae jjigae. I personally love budae jjigae but when it came, I was disappointed. For the price, compared to Debasaki, Debasaki's portions were waaaaay bigger than The Coop's. The flavor at DBSK is better too. Towards the middle of the meal, the soup had nearly cooked off and at the end of the meal, there wasn't even any soup left. They need to give more soup and lower the heat. We were disappointed. The soy garlic wings were okay, as well as the truffle fries. Overall, my experience here at The Coop was mediocre and disappointing. If you're going to spend the money, go to Debasaki instead (even though they open later). The flavor there is better and portions are bigger. The prices are about the same at DBSK, so there really isn't any competition there.
I've been here a few times. Each time the food was pretty good.The Coop is a nice change to the downtown flushing area. There is plenty of tables but they are pretty squished together.Every time i have come here, i got the wings. Which is just like all the other korean style wings (bon chon, kyo chon, mad for chicken) style. The wings are not bad. However the real thing that sets The Coop apart is the variety of the dishes for the location. The bulgogi quesadillas, grilled chicken, truffle fries were all pretty good. The grilled chicken was pretty good too.The only downside i have to say is the service could be a little better. The times when i say in the middle, service was great because all the help was in the middle. The times I sat at the corners, the service wasn't that great. It was hard to ask for additional water and if we wanted more food.
More like 3.5 stars. Just a nice change in scenery in this busy section of the already bustling Flushing neighborhood. It's a fairly new addition, and being right near Asian Jewel made me want to party through the wee hours of the morning to get some dim sum on Sunday morning. There's no reservations available unless it's for a party of 5-10 ppl. We got there at around 7pm on Saturday. There were only a couple high top tables available which would comfortably seat 2 people each but it just looked so out of place. The only good thing about this place is that it's got a nicer vibe than most Korean bars - it actually has a full bar and the bartenders seem to know what they're doing, so long as you stay within the confines of their menu or simple things. I wouldn't expect a full blown mixologist here. The people who run this place are obviously fobby Koreans though - I called in advance asking about reservations and instantly knew the person was Korean. No surprise there - it is Flushing after all. The food menu wasn't all that impressive. Definitely looks better in pictures. We got wings and fries... both were fine but if you want good Korean fried chicken wings, this is NOT your place. This is a place to throw a small party or meet with a group of friends. Please change your music playlist - it was a rave in there. It's also closer to Thanksgiving - get rid of your Halloween decorations. I wouldn't mind trying their happy hour oysters, but I wouldn't make a trip out to Flushing for this place. You get a free drink upon checking into Yelp - the two bartenders were not in agreement with which ones on the menu are included. The lady bartender said that all are fine, the male bartender said only a select few. Eh? I chose the apple martini - that thing was WAY TOO SWEET with minimal alcohol. They also didn't have Tito's... not that it mattered so much but I went with goose after. Goose with a splash of cranberry is hard to f up, so I can't give them props for making a normal one. I also said splash - it had a ton of juice. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place unless the person who's asking is in the immediate area and/or staying at the Hyatt next door.
From the food, drinks, service -- sorry, I can't give anything more than 1 star.. I would give it 0 stars if Yelp would let me. Individual sized budae jjigae for $30? None of the food was worth what you pay. Go to Mad For Chicken on Northern or Pelicana on 164th Street for the real chicken & beer experience.
I absolutely love the coop as the to go to fried chicken place in flushing. The wings are always good and I love their kimchi fried rice. It's a perfect portion to share with someone else while getting the wings. I also love their cheese with ribs. It's so good and great for dipping for your wings in. The only complaint that I have is that their dubokki (pretty sure I spelt it wrong) isn't good. It's really lacking that cheese that they have at yupdukk. Their service is also very good! It seems to be a pregame spot later in the night during the weekends.
After going to a nearby place to find they didn't except credit cards I yelped an found this around the corner. Korean wings ummmm sure solid lunch. I got a small order of the garlic soy. This gets you about 12 wings. No problem. Really great flavor but a little heavy on the breaking for my taste. I would come back and add some cocktails to my wing top any time.
I love their chicken wings! Soy garlic is the perfect amount of sweetness added to the chicken. After eating one spicy wing, my tongue felt so numb. I couldn't taste another soy garlic wing after eating jut one. The spicy is not spicy itself but maybe it's hot. Great service here; waiters kept refilling our water, gave us tissues, and wet towels. Came around 11 and the waiters were drinking with some people. The music is too loud here with weird music videos of kpop. They took all forms of payment except DISCOVER so make sure you have another from of payment.
We were looking for Korean chicken wings and happened upon this place. The bar atmosphere inside is pretty comfortable. It's noisy but not overly so, it's not too dark but still comfortable, and it's spacious so you're not always bumping into people. There's a weird takeout area at the entrance away from the bar inside that I wasn't sure about (maybe it would've been nice since drinks weren't on our mind). In any case, the wings are quite good. The soy garlic ones are on the sweeter side, while the spicy ones are not overly so. Just enough breading for texture on the outside, while the meat was tender all around. Only thing to mention was that the small order of wings did take a while, but that's probably standard.
Made the mistake of not making a reservation for a party of 8 so we were stuck near the back entrance near the bathroom with two 4-person circular table awkwardly pushed together. Couldn't hear what people were saying on the other side of the table but I'll live. When it came to ordering, I ordered for my side of the table and the waiter just left without taking the other side's order (because remember, it's 2 round tables). Ordered half/half fried wings, truffle fries, budae Jjigae (spicy broth korean stew with ramen,kimchi, etc), and mango soju. Wings and fries were pretty good. I'd probably never order the stew again. Definitely not worth $29. I could've gone to mizumi with that.. anywho, soju was good. low key wished they gave a stirrer with the pitcher. Because after awhile we just ended up drinking pure soju in the beginning then pure mango juice at the end.
This place has an awesome bulgogi quesadilla that I highly recommend anyone try. During lunch it is $12, but afterwards it is $15. The wings were also great. The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice and upbeat with good music, but at a volume where it is still really easy to talk to other people. Prices were a little high, but not outrageous. Overall a great place to have dinner and catch up with friends.
The feel of this place is good, quiet and dim. It's also very clean and organized. However, it is indeed a bit pricey and the portions are not immense. The gratin with bulgogi and truffle fries are both pretty good. The chicken is good too but they are very small. But compared to other Korean fried chicken places, the chicken seems to come out a bit faster.
OVERRATED!i came by with my siblings on a Friday night, the place was busy and booming with k-pop music.  we sat at bench-like table near the door.  the place had a weird incense or air freshener throughout, made it felt like a home goods store instead of a restaurant.  the scent gave me a terrible headache. anyway, we browsed the menu and decided on a few items to share:-spicy rice cake:  lukewarm sauce with few pieces of fish cakes, rice cake, and instant ramen noodle (i highly suspect it's shin ramyun).  mediocre at best.-small order of wings (12 pieces, mixed with soy garlic and spicy):  the chicken was super crispy and crackly, soy garlic was excellent, spicy was spicy (and it LINGERS, not like the good kinda spicy).  we liked the wings, but then again, it'd be terribly hard to mess up fried chicken.  lol.-seafood pancake:  dry, bland, thick, and filled with long green chili peppers that packed a spicy punch, it definitely took me by surprise, i was a victim!  i came in with high hopes and definitely walked away very disappointed.  the food was mediocre but the worst part was the waitress.  she was rude and abrupt, with no warmth whatsoever.  she didn't check in on us at all, but she was very quick with clearing the plates (so quick that we didn't even get to try the korean radishes or corn salad on the wings right after we picked up the last piece of wing.)  when she cleared the plates, she didn't say excuse me and just went over my head, i was SO SCARED that she would drop the heavy, cast-iron plates on me.  hey The Coop, train your staff that it's NOT okay to clear plates over someone's head!  i won't be back!
It is a spacious and relaxing restaurant. It's dimmed lighting all over with candles on the tables. The service wasn't too bad but they could've been more attentive. The servers were just chit chatting. I came during happy hour. It wasn't even a full house yet service was lacking. The food was alright. I got the raw oyster, chicken wings, seafood pancake, truffle fries, and japchae. Raw oyster was pretty good. It was fresh, nice and cold on a bed of ice with me on and sauces on the side. The size of the oysters were good. Chicken wings were fried, crispy, and crunchy which was good. It smelled very appetizing. I got the soy and garlic flavor, but I tasted only a hint of that flavor.The seafood pancake was good. It actually had decent pieces of seafood in it. It had a crispy outside and the inside was as expect, soft and fluffy.The truffle fries was probably double fried. Although very crispy, it was really oily. The japchae wasn't as good. It was heavily oily and very bland. There wasn't enough seasoning in this dish.The drink I had was the mango mojito (without alcohol). This drink was pretty good. It was fizzy and refreshing. I liked this drink a lot.
You gotta try the Kimchi rice, half & half chicken & bulgogi quesadillas.  ide recommend any one of these.  I always come here for the chicken!
Went here on a recent visit to NYC, as a recommendation. The setting is pretty nice, but usually no phone service, and no wifi. The food was pretty decent, especially the chicken wings and noodles. However, was slightly grossed out that one of the orders was actually chicken organs and not actual chicken meat. Slightly overpriced for what you get.
I'm visiting from Atlanta and this place is walking distance from my hotel. Let me tell you these wings are the truth! I had the lunch special 6 wings and fries. The wing sauce flavor was half and half. I mean the wings were crispy and juicy. Food was made to order. Delicious! A must visit if you're nearby.
The coop rarely disappoints. My friend and I came here on a Friday night and it was packed. We got a seat on one of the high tables. Of course when we come we have to order the wings- we got half and half- and fries! We also got the kimchi fried rice and as for drinks we got the mango soju cocktail. Originally I wanted the grape flavor because last time I came, it was soooo good. Mango wasn't that bad either. The wings never disappoint. Just the right amount of crispiness and flavor. You can never go wrong with fries in my opinion. Def come back again and again. And unlike a lot of the Korean spots in flushing, the coop isn't located too far out so it's easy to get to too.
I was very excited to be able to come and try this place. Especially the fried gizzard. Unfortunately, it was not noted on their website their happy hour excludes holidays. They did not offer the fried gizzard but had the regular grill which I don't see a difference from the frying and the grill. The wings were good but nothing special. We had the cheese fondue with the sweet pumpkin. It really is just eating spoonful of cheese with bits of pumpkin. They should include some crostini to dip the cheese in making it a true fondue.
I like the pina corona .. Very juicy like, my best fit pina corona here comparing with other restaurant . Chicken wing comes with half spicy and half regular .. It's good, but no the best I have tried in different Korean restaurant. The waiter and waitress are very nice which is one of the reason I give 4 stars.. Oyster is fresh, I love it too .. My first time tried quesadillas ... Tasty, crispy outside and the sauce is great .. I would go back here since the environment is so nice for relax and enjoy ur food .. :)
I really wanted to love this place as I heard so much about it from my friends. Given its location and not having to go all the way to Northern Blvd for Mad for Chicken is a plus, but honestly I would make the trip out to Mad for Chicken instead. First off, the service isn't that great. We had a reservation for 9 people, but the hostess wasn't aware of this; that wasn't a big issue as the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday. After being seated, the menu for The Coop looks promising; we ordered a large plate of the combo soy garlic and spicy wings, a large plate of the soy garlic wings, parmesan truffle fries, sweet potato fries, seafood pancake, and the bulgogi quesadilla. For drinks, we all checked in for a free drink and we also ordered their popular lychee soju. We wanted to keep a menu in case we wanted to order more later on, but the waiter kept asking for it back; that was a bit odd. Given that the seafood pancake and the bulgogi quesadilla were $15 each, I expected a lot more flavor. However, the pancake was bland and had so much batter. It didn't come with the typical sauce that seafood pancakes come with! The bulgogi quesadilla was bland and barely had any bulgogi in it as well; it was basically eating a tortilla with cheese. The wings compared to Mad for Chicken lacked in flavor as well. For drinks, I only tried the lychee soju and wasn't a fan.If you're in the Flushing area, go to Mad for Chicken instead.
Came here last night with a group of ten after some KTV. It's a very clean and comfortable spot to hang with friends, watch sports, and have good music in the background. We stretched across a bench and ordered the sweet potato fries, bulgogi, and Kimchi fried rice. Of the three items, the fries and rice hit it home. Would definitely come back for the great service and good atmosphere.
A relatively new addition to Flushing, The Coop is a Korean gastropub specializing in Korean Fried Chicken. While this genre isn't new, they have an impressive new space in the new block development along 39th Ave which includes Spot Dessert Bar, a hotel, Presso and many more.  The food is remarkable in that the taste is every bit as good as others have attested to. I came here for happy hour drinks and food specifically and to try out the chicken for which they're known. Soy garlic and spicy were available on the HH menu, so we wasted no time to partake in that and imbibe on HH drinks. Definitely a great deal for the munchies, if you're interested in larger orders, it might be best to order from the regular menu for additional flavors and options. The pancakes, rice cakes are among the other items we snacked on and they were all satisfying.  Decor is appropriate for a Korean gastropub with adequate seating.  With large parties, seating can be difficult.  We occupied a large table that included bench seating and nowhere to place our jackets (bench seating does not have a backing to hang out coats). Service however was a little lacking, as they're a bit disorganized and while it wasn't a deal breaker, you might want to know it happens from time to time when they're busy 4.0/5.0
This is your MAD FOR CHICKEN in Flushing. BUT MFC is my fav compared to The Coop. Sorry I've been here 3 times over the course of the last 3 weeks, but I still prefer MFC over it. However, I went to MFC 0 times why? Because location of course. It's so easy to meet up with people in Flushing. And a lot of times when I meet up with friends they want something other than your every day asian food so this becomes a great spot for dinner. Not to mention they have a pretty good deal for happy hour. I forget prices but $4-5 for drafts and $5-6 for wines? And yes, they have $1 oysters. How sweet is that? Their fried chicken can't be compared to MFC in terms of flavor and its more greasy. BUT it's on par with Bon Chon or your other chain korean fried chickens. They also have your standard soy garlic flavor and spicy flavor. They have a lot of other dishes also that you can get like truffle fries, quesidillas, kimchi fried rice etc. Food wise, I still prefer MFC... but again the food here is also decent. Overall vibe is your typical korean fried chicken nice bar type kind of thing in your jam packed Prince Street Flushing area. Nice spot to take friends on dinner dates in Flushing and its a super close walk to Snowdays and Kulu for dessert. Anyway you look at it. It's a card well played if you're looking to take your friends out to a nice dinner in Flushing.
Food - 4 / 5Decor and Dining Environment - 5 / 5Service - 5 / 5Location - 5 / 5Value - 4 / 5The Coop is a great place to catch up with friends over some drinks, Soy Sauce Garlic wings, Bulgolgi Quesadillas, and Truffle Fries. Pork Belly (served with tofu) was also on my table.The food received a 4/5 because the overall taste of the dishes I had were comparable to those at similar restaurants like Mad for Chicken, but nothing was significantly better.The Decor and Dining Environment was very comfortable and a hint of rustic feel was present in some of the light fixtures. The tables are reminiscent of ones you would find at ShakeShack and the tiling work on one of the walls spelled out the name of the restaurant, which I found to be both original and beautiful. Service was prompt and courteous, we were greeted with many smiles throughout our meal. Location - the restaurant was a 5 minute walk from SkyView Center, where ample 3-hour parking was available. It is also situated within the newest development in Flushing, which is easily distinguishable through its modern look and upscale feel.Value - offerings at the Coop are priced steeper than dishes at Chinese, Thai, and Malaysian restaurants nearby, but compared to other Korean wings joints such as Mad for Chicken, Pelicana, and KyoChon, menu items seem to be priced accurately and provide a good value when considering the other four factors.The Coop is a great fast-casual dining experience geared towards the millenial crowd and is a place I see myself visiting again with a group of friends.
Food: average Korean chicken place I'd say 3.5/5But my review is mostly for the awful service we had tonight. First, the reservation we made online wasn't even honored because apparently their boss handles that but their boss didn't tell them. Okay then maybe don't do online reservations if you don't even acknowledge them?Second- our waiter (Korean man with long hair) just seemed disinterested the whole night and whenever we needed something we had to holler him down or holler other staff. Third- A girl that brought out our chicken hit my friend in the head with the plate. The last and worst thing that happened was towards the end of the meal. We had bought my boyfriend dessert so we asked if they could bring it out because it's our friends birthday. We told them we gave it to the front and that it says Frenchworkshop on the box. Our waiter said okay and left. So we got the bill and they cleared our tables and everything but they weren't bringing our dessert. So I pretended to go to the bathroom and I told ANOTHER waiter and THEN he brought it to me. I opened it up and it was fucking FLIPPED! He handed me the box upside down and when I looked inside I couldn't even tell what dessert it was because it was smushed. So appalled at the lack of care they handled our dessert.Tldr: okay food but service was super shitty and they brought out the dessert we had bought upside down and smushed
I. LOVE. THE. COOP.Seriously, I checked this place out earlier this month and I cannot tell you how many times I've been back! The service here is friendly and (from what I have experienced) the food comes out pretty quickly. The ambiance is quite lively - usually packed in the evenings. They have a giant projector playing random kpop videos, which can be pretty entertaining. In my opinion, the best part about this place is the variety. You should definitely try their chicken - not the best but still a strong contender. (The spicy version actually has a nice kick!) My favorites though are the gratin, truffle fries, and bulgogi quesadilla. Truffle fries come in a big portion and are perfect for sharing. The gratin is SO so delicious and creamy - I can order this every time! The quesadilla is wonderful as well - I tried it recently and really enjoyed it. Also, they have OYSTERS!!! Definitely come during happy hour on weekdays from 3-6 and treat yo self to dollar oysters :)Super convenient spot - just two blocks from the 7! There have been many occasions where I've craved Korean fried chicken and had to trek to over to northern Blvd :( This is definitely an easier location to get my fix! Great place to hangout over some good food and a chill vibe :)
Came here with some friends for some classic korean fried chicken. The chicken was so crispy and juicy cooked to perfection and my favorite sauce was the soy and garlic. The spicy mix was not very spicy to me although one of my friends insisted it was very spicy but the rest of us disagreed. The rest of the meal was a bit underwhelming. We started with korean seafood pancake as an appetizer and it tasted a bit bland and more on the watery side. The parmesan fries was good but nothing particularly great, I prefer fries to be more on the crispy side not to say these fries were limp either. The dukbokki wasn't spicy and tasted a bit undercooked, not very soft. I got the melony drink which was sweet and didn't taste too strong but my  friend got the same drink and said that hers was a lot stronger and couldn't finish it. My other friend got the mojito whish was also strong but delicious. The waitstaff was very attentive and always available for help. The place looks very modern and spacious with plenty of seating. Although the fried chicken was very good and the place is aesthetically pleasing I probably wouldn't come back here.
For my past 3 visits here, I just had the Bulgogi Quesadilla and small order of their Coop Wings, half and half. And they never ever disappointed! It's the perfect portion for two people two share a late night grub. Their Bulgogi is out of this world phenomenal, not a fan of the salad that comes with it though... And their wings are crisp and flavorful. The spicy ones are just too much for me to handle so I stick to my half of the soy-garlic. Note: their chicken takes a while to serve, I waited about 17 minutes for my order.The staff really needs to up their water-refilling game though. I had to ask for water refills during my last two visits. And given the spicy wings.. c'mon, just pass me a pitcher please.
I was at this place tonight with a group of friends. We ordered wings, japchae , kimchi fried rice and gratin. The waitress gave us a bottle of water but never came back to refill our cups. We had to constantly wave to get their attention. And let's not forget the highlight of the night. My kimchi fried rice had HAIR in it; which they took back and brought back . The portion now looked smaller like wtf!
I used to go to Mad for Chicken until this one opened around my neighborhood. My to-go place when I'm craving for soy garlic chicken wings! Make sure to order the wings right away because it takes time to cook!
My girlfriends and I were here last night for dinner. And at first I had to use my GPS to search for this spot but it's not hard to find at all. It's actually located across from 66 on Prince street and it's attached to the Hyatt hotel. Speaking of the hotel, there's a lot of cool places inside it. I will visit it next time. All the food we ordered tasted phenomenal. The chef really made it well and our server was friendly and attentive too. I highly recommend getting the Pork Belly. It's that good that I can't stop eating it. My eyes were glued to the belly as my friends were chit chatting. What we got:Bulgogi quesadilla- Pretty tasty. Permesan truffle fries- fried to perfection and the dip was delicious!!Japchae-  Got a lot of flavors and it was so damn good. Oysters-  fresh and well it's oyster.Korean fried chicken-  crunchy and well flavored!
Had an early dinner one late afternoon about a month ago with the boyfriend. We ordered soy garlic wings, budae jjigae, bulgogi quesadilla, and parmesan truffle fries. The food was tasty (we ordered too much haha) but wayyy too fried, especially the wings. All in all, the flavor was there, nice texture, and decent service. Definitely want to go back and try other items on the menu.
Came here for the first time since my friends from Florida had flown in. We got there around 11pm so parking in the small muni parking lot was very convenient, especially since you don't have to pay after 10 pm. Venue was nice and dimly lit. There's a surplus of tables to fit different size parties and a bar in the back. We were the only group there actually eating with a few guys sitting at the bar conversing over their drinks. Service was very good. Was greeted and welcomes to the place. The waiter asked if we wanted hot water instead of your normal iced water since it was like 15 degrees outside. So that was surprising, but very much appreciated. Since it was my first time there as well we ordered what my other friends had recommended us. Bulgogi Quesadilla is a must. Was very delicious and a great starting appetizer. We also ordered the truffle fries and a large order of their soy garlic chicken. Truffle fries were good and crispy, but to me it wasn't out of this world. But good nonetheless. Their chicken was crisp and good as well. Not amazing, but still good and my Floridian friends enjoyed it very much. Overall it's a very nice restaurant, with great service from what we've experienced and a kickass Bulgogi Quesadilla.
I don't how it happens, but I always end up here drunk. It's the best time. Food is great. Angela and Jacob are the best. Jacob taught us how to measure the proportion between soju and beer. They let us request kpop songs. I LUV IT!
I've been here three times now and I honestly think I enjoy the atmosphere more than I enjoy the food, but their food is good! I normally get their truffle fries, which I LOVE, and their Coop style fried chicken. However, I don't think there's anything TOO special about the food because I can get Korean-style fried chicken and truffle fries in a number of places, and the fried chicken is bigger and a little more "authentic" tasting in other places. I'm never dying to come back here, but I'd come back again.I did notice, however, that I would get a totally different attitude from one of the waitresses depending on whether I spoke in Korean or in English. That turned me off a little bit but it wasn't too big of a deal since it was probably a language barrier issue; you don't really have much interaction with the waitresses anyway--they just bring the food out.TLDR; Good food. Nice ambiance. Good enough for a dinner on a Friday night out in Flushing.
Immediately as you walk in, the waiters greet you with the korean "hello!". They make you feel welcomed and really try to make you feel comfortable and at home. This trendy new place resembles many new korean restaurants that have been popping up around queens and I'm glad that this also popped up. You have to get their wings! The spicy is pretty spicy so watch out! The soy garlic is really good also. I also recommend the quesadillas. (It's sooo good) Come here with your friends and really have a great time basking in the atmosphere and the efficient service.
Happy there is a korean fried chicken place in the flushing area however i was a bit disappointed in the chicken wings. The soy garlic chicken wings were a bit too salty and batter-y for my liking, it was a bit too hard to enjoy since the batter was a bit overwhelming and there didnt seem to be much chicken meat  inside! However, the truffle fries were great! We were not expecting such a huge platter of fries and overall they were super tastey so no one can complain.I have also heard good things about the dollar oyster happy hour so probably will come back sometime to try other things on the menu.
Really nothing special about this place. Sure the truffle fries are good and the wings are tasty  but nothing really stands out. I've had their seafood soup and budae jiggae, which is served family style and I was not impressed with either. I've had budae jiggae before and this was not horrible but it was lacking some favor. The drinks are about average. And their pitchers of flavored soju is no longer a slushie. I was really looking forward to the soju slushie but the last two times I've been here they just serve it with ice cubes.Their servers are nice and attentive but I had this female server once and we asked for water. So she just took the one from the table behind us that just finished dining and brought it to our table. I was soo disgusted and couldn't believe she just did that. Again another good hangout spot on flushing but don't expect too much.
Love it .. ordered from here for pick up .. the chicken was great! (Soy garlic coop) yummy ! Have to try their happy hours (‾  ‾) next time.
I like how this place is always opened late. Great for late night. Chicken is good but so are their side orders
More around a 3.5. They're super close to the train which is definitely a great plus, but could be a minus if you're looking to come here during a busy time. I came on a Tuesday with no issues, but I can't imagine what the weekend would be like. 4 of us ordered 40 wings, parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadillas and the budae jigae. While everything was good, nothing was amazing. The biggest disappointment was the budae jigae. For a $30 price tag, you'd expect something more, but the portion was pretty small, the soup itself was just a soup and not thick like a sauce and they really didn't have enough food in it. When compared to Mad for Chicken, I have to say, my vote goes to Mad for Chicken. The chicken is bigger there, the portions are much bigger and the food just all around is good. We waited a pretty long time for our chicken and while I know it normally takes a long time, the food in general just took a while to come. They were on point with filling our glasses of water and the overall look and feel of this place is so hip and cool, but for the price and the food you're getting, I'd stick with Mad for Chicken.
This new Korean fusion restaurant has a really hip and modern interior. The interior design is really great for a flushing location! The restaurant itself is really clean, they offer everything from chicken wings to a bulgogi quesadilla.When I came here, the staff was really helpful, kind and just seemed very genuine. I ordered a large order of chicken wings which were very flavorful. Their chicken is hormone free which is a plus. The only downside I found to the wings was that they were smaller in size to what I'm used to. They also have a HUGE variety of choices when it comes to alcohol. I had a watermelon piña colada, which I thought was just average as it seemed to not have much of the watermelon taste. It just tastes like a regular piña colada to me. I also had an oyster shot. I LOVE oyster shots and find it so hard to find a place that sells them. So when I saw that they had it, I was full of excitement like a baby getting a pacifier for the first time. The oyster shot itself was not the best I've had but it was good in my opinion and will most probably have it again.Final verdict :Ambiance - 10/10Food - 8/10Drinks - 9/10Service - 10/10
I wasn't a fan, although I would come back for the soy garlic wings (and that's it). Service is great, but the other food is mediocre.  We tried the truffle fries, they were fresh and hot, came with ketchup and a spicy mayo dipping sauce. A tad pricy for $10.  Also tried a creamy noodle dish.  Good décor, good location but the food seemed average.
Superb service, the waitress was very friendly and coordinated, when you come in, ask for sabrina! We ordered the new summer combo that come with a pitcher or cocktail soju(your choice) and the buddae jiggae which is a korean soup. And the wings. The spicy wings are very spicy, so be careful! It was very delicious, will definitely come again.
It's pretty much what I've come to expect from Korean chicken wing bars. Great food, excellent drinks, efficient service, a dark space, and a social atmosphere. I recommend their signature wings, they're nice and crunchy. One thing they've got over other similar places is the size of their soju cocktails. I've had the kind brought in mason jars, but the largest size they have here is larger by a pretty good margin. It's a great atmosphere in this place, I definitely recommend it for a small get-together.
Decent korean chicken spot that opened right under hyatt. I've been here multiple times and each time i've had a different experience. The service is always great but their food is so-so. Most of the korean restaurants in flushing are about the same price so I wasn't expecting anything less. Their chicken isn't crispy enough but their truffle fries are delicious! If they're specializing in korean fried chicken wings, they can really work on making them crispier as well as tastier.
This place is really nice and warming the decor is nice me and my girlfriend sat at the bar the happy hour on the tap beer is great 3 dollars for my IPA what a deal the spicy wing were great and the sauce for the fries was good too overall I'll be back here for sure looks like a good menu
Came here with a group of 4 on a Friday evening. We ordered the half and half chicken wings, spicy rice cakes, truffle parmesan fries, and lychee soju. The chicken wings was flavorful and crispy. Rice cake was good. Lychee soju was good but wasn't strong enough. Fries was the highlight of the dinner, very crispy and came in a big portion. We'll definitely come back again and try other dishes.
I came here twice. Once when they just open and once recently. The ambiance of the place is very modern and clean and they offer a variety of korean like bar food which i love. Their truffles fries are great and the chicken wings are pretty good too. Its a great place to hang out with friends and catch up over happy house drinks and food!
My friend and I ordered yogurt soju, egg spring roll, truffle fries and small wings. The food was good and really hit the spot. The yogurt soju didn't taste very strong. The staff were attentive by coming over to fill our water, providing napkins and clearing our table. They were friendly and even helped charge my iphone because it almost died. Would definitely come back!
First Korean fried chicken joint in Main St. Flushing! There are plenty on Northern Blvd Flushing. But one that is so close to the heart of Flushing and near a subway station this is a winner!They have two entrances. One entrance is on the ground floor which is actually the back of the building and also where you can order for takeout. The main entrance is on the other side up one stair case. Oh don't worry they are both connected so either way there will be someone that can help you get seated if you wish to eat in. The décor is wonderful! It looks like it is upscale, modern, clean, fresh, and it feels comfortable. There are two TVs near the bar and one projector on the ceiling projecting a Korean Drama on the wall (no sounds just video). Oh the person seating you will welcome you in Korean and then rest of the staff will also scream welcome to you too just like in Japanese restaurants! Makes me feel very welcomed, comfortable and happy.My group quickly order because we already know what to get since we had experiences from Mad for Chicken. We ordered half and half large (20 pieces) of chicken, truffle parm fries, and seafood jeon (pancake). They don't provide those Korean side dishes for you to nibble on while waiting. The wait was about 30 mins and the first that came out was the seafood pancake. It was a size of a small skillet. Our waitress cut it up into four pieces. Each pieces had big pieces of seafood. They have this jalapeno, onion, and soy sauce (?) dip that comes with it too. It was delicious! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The pancake was so filled with food that it fell apart as I tried to get it off the skillet and onto my plate lol Then comes our fries. They were freshly made because they were hot inside and out. I could taste the truffle oil. The parmesan was mostly on the center fries. It came with a small cup of ketchup and some kind of spicy dip. The portion was so huge! One order feed three-four people at most. eventually we ran out of dip so we had to ask for more (no charge). The fries were really really delicious. I had to stop myself otherwise there won't be any fries by the time the chicken comes out.At last our wings came. The spicy wings were really spicy for my taste. The spice hits you on the tongue and slowly creeps its way to the back of your throat. I couldn't handle it. I ate mostly the soy garlic wings. Those were sweet and tangy. I loved it. The wings were adorably tiny. But don't under estimate their size because after four I was FULL!!!!! I forgot to mention in the center of the bowl they had small cut up pieces of pickle radishes and creamy corn. Those will help as you go back and forth between spicy and sweet. As for my case I kept eating the soy garlic so I used the radish and corn to alternative between each soy garlic wings.Overall with the atmosphere and the waiter and waitress were on top of re-filling water and soda and food I really really want this restaurant to stay! Oh I forgot if you ask for water they give you lemon and lime infuse water in a pitcher. Like talk about fancy water! I will definitely come back because finally a Korean fried chicken joint in Main St. As a plus it's one block from skyview mall. What a great way to walk off that chicken with a little bit of shopping lol
Great food, great drinks, great service. The atmosphere is perfect for a get together over a few drinks and you can't beat their fusion cuisine. This is definitely my go-to-place in flushing.
Relaxing atmosphere. Modern looking bar   Great place to hang out and have a snack or two with friends.  Try the chicken wings!   Service is good.  Attentive    Clean and well kept place.
I love any place that has spicy stir fried chicken gizzards, decent beer on tap and convenient to me. The coop is all that and more
This is a five star place for cold beer and chicken wings, best at happy hour and mid-week evenings, too loud and too busy at peak times.  The food offerings from the Menu range from competent to pretty good but cannot be called outstanding.  That wouldn't be the point in an attractive room with a good ambiance for socializing with friends, which is the point in this kind of place.
One of the best fried chicken places I have had so far and it's not on Northern Blvd. It's easily accessible in Flushing by train :D! Awesomesauce! I came here on a Thursday night and thankfully there was no wait considering my friend said it's pretty busy all the time. We ordered 20 pieces of soy garlic wings, kimchee fried rice, and the seafood pancake. The soy garlic wings were just simply delicious. It was very flavorful, crunchy and meaty. The kimchee fried rice was also yummy. There were two sunny-side up eggs and seaweeds that made a face, which is pretty unique. The seafood pancake was stuffed with fillings. My friend tried to pick up a slice and a lot of excess fell off. The server helps you cut the pancake into 8 pieces when it's served. The services were great also besides the fact that it took a while to wave down a worker to take down our order and get our check. The workers would come over and refill our cup every time it's half emptied. When our chicken wings came, my friends and I realized there weren't 20 pieces and notified one of the workers. The worker simply apologized, although she looked confused herself, and went back into the kitchen to get us the rest of our wings. I had a great experience overall and I will definitely come back to try other things on the menu!
The Coop has been open for a couple of months now. When I take a trip to visit my family and friends, this is ALWAYS the spot that i have to eat at before I go back to Northeastern! I absolutely LOVE the $1 Oysters during happy hour on the weekdays. Before this spot, I would always have to travel to the city to get my oyster fix. But ever since this restaurant, it has made life so much more convenient (especially after already traveling 4 hours from boston to queens, i really don't want to take more public transportation to get to the city) these oysters are definitely one of the freshest oysters i've ever had. One of the dishes that has been part of my "regular" order when I eat here is definitely the bulgogi quesadilla. I honestly don't know what they put in it, but it's definitely addicting! Other dishes that i've had: truffle fries, mozarella fondue, bulgogi gratin, the seafood soup, kimchi fried rice are all very delicious. The atmosphere of this restaurant is great, it's definitely for the younger crowd. The restaurant is very modern and when you enter the restaurant, everyone gives you a warm welcome :) If you're in the mood for some amazing korean food, definitely give this place a try!
Really liked it here! This place is in this cute area surrounded by other restaurants. It's like this corner that leads to a strip of food places. It's new and has a modern vibe. I got the Nurungji tang ($29) with rice and shared it with a friend. It was just the right amount of food! The waiters and waitresses are very nice and attentive. I have also heard their fried chicken and happy hour are really good as well! Will definitely try next time :)
Came here for a friend's bday. Had a rsvp for a table but the table was so small. We all felt cramped. Kind of unhappy abt that cos if they kno they cant fit that many ppl on one table they shoulda told us and we woulda picked another place..Anyways, food was on mediocre. I tried the spicy sticky ricecake, spicy fried chicken, scallion pancake and steak. The spicy sticky ricecake dish was overpowered by sauce. It was served w some ramen. Steak was cut into medium pcs, but utensils given were only spread knife spoon and chopsticks..Their flavored sojus were better. Tried the mango and yogurt flavor. It seemed like they were tryna turn the spot into a party after. We were kind of rushed by the waitress cos they were startin to set up.This place just didnt make much of an impression for me.
Hubs and I ventured out for Sunday dinner and decided to try this new place in Flushing. The decor and atmosphere is great, very innovative, especially for Flushing. It looks like something you would find in TriBeCa. The service is great, which is the norm for a Korean establishment. I wish all restaurants had the Korean gold standard for service. Makes the experience 1000x more enjoyable. They also have a fully stocked bar with a knowledgeable bartender and several TVs so it would be a good spot for late night drinks.We ordered a pitcher of cucumber soju, spicy chicken wings, kalbi and stir fried octopus with pork. No lie, everything was delicious. The chicken wings and octopus/pork were spicy but that just meant deliciousness in my mouth. It's spicy but with lots of flavor, not just blinding heat. My husband, on the other hand, was gulping down the cucumber soju. So order spicy if you can handle spicy. I actually like their wings better than Kyochon and Mad for Chicken. The kalbi dish came on a sizzling platter with onions, peppers, mushrooms, and mashed potatoes. This was prob our fave dish of the night because we were craving meat and this hit the spot. Beware that this place is not dirt cheap, compared to the rest of Flushing but you really do pay for what you get. It's a cool place with awesome service and good food. I would definitely come back and suggest this place to groups of friends that want to catch up with drinks and food.
Im starting to think its really interesting that so many korean style chicken places are opening up. Walking around Flushing the other day I was handed a flyer for this place since they were having their grand opening and were trying to draw in people just walking on the street.  It was actually kind of funny because after getting the flyer and walking away a lady came up running after me and my friend to hand us a sample of their chicken to try.  Me and my friend walking around actually went to a place nearby for some small plates and bubble tea before coming back so keep in mind we were already  80% full but I still wanted to take a look at this place since it seemed to market itself different than bonchon and kyochon. The menu is pretty interesting.  They are going for that korean fusion style so mixing korean with american with mexican... I get when places open they like to have all of their staff there to have a good first night and get a idea of how things are going to run and who should stand where and all that good stuff but wow. Ive never been so attended to in my life! I felt that every fifteen min. or maybe even less one of the rotating four people that came to our table kept asking if we needed anything else or how it was or what we thought.  Im not going to really complain about that since thats just a thing new restaurants need to face and realize that asking me every ten min isnt really going to change and if I really need something ill probably flag someone down for it. Other than that everyone is super friendly, we had the pleasure of meeting the owners husband who was there to help oversee the opening of the restaurant for the night.  He was really enthused about the opening and really takes pride in the food he has created so its great to see that passion in a new restaurant.  What sets this place part from the other random chicken places is the way they make their chicken.  They have the fried version which can come spicy or with the soy garlic.  Then they have a grilled version that they bring to your table almost as a whole organic chicken then they cut it up into good sized pieces for you to share with your friends or by yourself lol Super tender and super moist yet still had that yummy crispy later on the top.  Because of the super nice owner we got to try full plates of both chickens and compare.  Honestly after having so many other variations on korean fried chicken I like the grilled better! Not to mention its probably a littttle bit better for you. My small beefs with the place are as followed -the flyer they were handing out (on friday) advertises that they have 'happy hour 4-7'  only to be told because it was the weekend they dont have a happy hour at all.  When you're handing out a flyer on the first day of your restaurant...dont you want all the information on the flyer to be relevant? The happy hour deal was actually the deciding factor for me and my friend to take a step in the first place. Sigh. Oh well misleading advertising .-Prices are up there with manhattan.  Soju runs $15 a bottle and beers run $5-9 mostly.  The platter of grilled chicken was $18 small/ $24 large.  Random apps from jun to tangs are all $20-$35 a plate.  -As we were getting ready to leave the waitress just took our not finished plate of both chickens and didnt even ask us if we wanted to take it with us...there was a sizeable amount left!! She just took it away...along with my last shot of soju I poured myself to drink before we left but she took that away too....a little rude... Im sure that with time and experience this place will take off in flushing .  Their place is a little off the main drag but its a great place to come with either one friend or five.  The atmosphere is open and modern.  Enough space between tables to not feel overcrowded and still enjoy your night. Give it a try and pretend your back in seoul having a great chi-meck night.
Great sports bar feel with yummy chicken in a bunch of different ways.
The coop is really great wings and friendly staff. Its located in the mall so very convenient. A great place to watch some basketball games
Came with 3 other friends for dinner on a Wednesday and there were plenty of seats - not that it was empty by any means.We ordered a bulgogi quesadilla, parmesan truffle fries, and a large order of soy garlic wings (20 pieces). We basically ordered what other yelpers seemed to recommended - and these yelpers know what they're talking about.The bulgogi quesadilla was really simple but tasted great. The marinade/spices that go into the bulgogi is definitely something different than I'm used to when it comes to bulgogi. There were 6 pieces in total so we each had one and split the other two pieces in half. We asked for a knife, but strangely they said they don't have any knives. The fries were so perfectly crispy. I love fries like these (think popeyes fries texture). And it came with ketchup and a good spicy mayo that tasted a bit different from the usual kewpie/sriracha combo I'm used to tasting. And lastly, the wings were great. Not as crispy on the outside as I'm used to but the glaze was great. The soy garlic was a different flavor than the soy garlic flavor mad for chicken / debasaki / bonchon / etc usually carries. It's sweeter and has a little bit more of an asian-fusion kick. I still thought they were good.The food comes out faster than at Mad for Chicken - they take at least half an hour til their chicken comes out.Happy hour ended at 7 and they kindly reminded us 5 minutes beforehand if we wanted to order anything for cheap. The servers are attentive because all servers seem to attend to all tables rather than having one person in charge of a table.It was interesting to see Korean dramas projected onto the wall and sports playing by the bar. I'm not sure if other people enjoy it as much. They also play only KPOP in the background (which I dig). I want to try the other dishes that haven't been yelped about as much next time. It's in a super convenient location by the new Hyatt Hotel so I'll be back!
The food here is not that great compare to other Korean fried chicken places (mad for chicken, Debasaki, UFC) They have happy hour, but it's not a good deal at all (6 wings for $7)... Regular is 12 wings for $14.. So basically u get to order a smaller portion... The service was okay, but the food was not worth the price. We got:- half soy garlic half spicy wings: taste not bad, just not crunchy like other places- bulgogi quesadilla with fries: average quesadilla, but the fries were good.. - seafood pancake: would not recommend, taste plain without sauce and it completely fell apart when I picked it up- spicy rice cake: just don't...
The food is great. This review gets 2 stars for the service. I always enjoyed coming to this bar since the days when Han and Minh worked here. This past Thursday I visited again after the Mets game and I have to say the new guy at the bar needs some training. The guy barely acknowledged my fiancé when we were trying to order and gave my friends beer in plastic cups. Maybe he was having a bad day, and hopefully the service gets better. The other guy with the glasses brought my wings out (which are so good btw) and he was very attentive. Now that guy gave us all service with a smile.
I love this place for the food and environment. Most of the time we get friendly services. But when we came with a large group of friends and sit at the bar on Wednesday night, the bartender gave us this attitude made us feel like we shouldn't order anything more cuz it's causing him trouble. That's why they r getting a 4 star
Really good wings, good vibes, amazing waitstaff. This is probably the cool hangout place that everyone has been waiting for. I'm sure everyone has had their fill of pool tables and food courts in flushing! Been there twice, and would come back again!
Great happy hour deals of one dollar oysters, draft beer, wine and cocktails. We ordered the soy garlic and the spicy wings and they were just OK. Definitely not as good as mad for chicken. The oysters were very fresh and good. The sweet potato fries were good as well Good ambiance. Service was decent. Overall, a good place to come for some drinks and munch.
We were looking for a place to have a drink for my co-workers birthday in the Flushing area and came across The Coop. We had some drinks, a couple of beers and a few appetizers. Boy were we surprised!! Excellent chicken wings, bulgogi quesadilla and sweet fries.
All I can say is WOW! Their chicken wings are cooked perfectly with the perfect amount of spiciness. The bulgogi quesadilla is also a must try and will keep you coming back for more.  Will definitely be back soon!
When I think of Parmesan truffle fries, I think of thin, light and crispy, flavorful and aromatic fries that's why the Parmesan truffle fries from here were a little disappointing. If you like crispy fries don't order these because most of them will be way too soggy. On the positive side the quantity was very large which is a huge plus!The spicy wings are very spicy, I usually like buffalo style wings and can eat a half dozen no problem but these have a spicier after kick. Favorite things to order:Soy garlic wingsBulgogi slider with fries
The chicken was good, no need to order from bonchon anymore (especially with their new price hike). Cute place to dine, came in for lunch with a friend. Also the soju - gooooooood. Budae jigae was OK I didn't care for it but my friend really enjoyed it. Sweet potato fries were really good too! I would come back, so glad it's close by.
The new Fulton Square is really opening up new trendy restaurants and cafés, fueling up my anticipation for the COOP bar. The COOP is suppose to be a trendy Korean fried chicken joint with cocktails. While the place is trendy, I found the space a bit lacking. We were relocated due to a reservation that they haven't set aside earlier and their tables were a bit too small to accommodate our order. (There were more spacious tables at the bar area, which didn't make sense since you would only just drink in at the bar).- Chicken wings (Half & Half) - The spicy was lacking in flavor and the soy garlic wasn't too sweet.- Haemool Pajun - Fresh seafood. Maybe a bit too fresh since I bit into a shell. Yikes.- Bulgogi gratin - Best dish here! Creamy and savory, a perfect mix.
It's just great to have such a place opening after midnight in flushing. It saved my stomach when I starve for chicken wing. I love their chicken wing, crispy,perfectly fried and covered with sauce. I also recommended to try their bulgogi quesadilla which I think was nice.The vibe there was good and casual. It's perfect to hang out with friends. They have full bar and TV as well. Service was good but space to improve. For my own good, I don't like to drink others drinks else than water after midnight, so I was expected them to fill my glass after I finished but seems like they only focusing on the alcohol bottle rather than the tiny little cup. Anyhow, great job for having it in flushing.
I came here for a friend's birthday and the first thing that I would say is that if you plan on driving, anticipate a struggle to find parking, as it is in a very populated part of Flushing and it definitely can take a while before you find a spot. That being said, the place itself is very spacious and there is definitely a sports bar-vibe. There are tables for dining, a bar, and a large screen projection of sports games in the middle of the restaurant. The waiter that served us was friendly (though he wasn't great at English, it was definitely functional). They offer a variety of bar food with a bit of a Korean spin on them (chicken, fries, oysters, bulgogi quesadilla, Korean-style pancakes etc.) They also offer a variety of alcoholic beverages (beer, soju, makguli, mixed drinks.) I tried the strawberry makguli and found it to be very good, though slightly too sweet for my taste. The food was all very good and I really have nothing bad to say about any of the stuff we tried and for the price, it was all reasonable.If you're looking to go out and have a night out with friends and are in the area, I would definitely recommend trying this place.
I've been to it literally all the Korean fried chicken spots in Flushing and Manhattan and this one takes the cake. Why you ask? That happy hour includes oysters and drinks. The Soju lychee was bomb and the oysters were great. The chicken is perfectly crispy with a hint of sweet and saltiness if you order the soy garlic. The hot wings aren't the kind that you will regret the following morning. The bulgogi quesadilla was on point and so was the parmesan fries.  All in all, it was worth it. The only downside is that you have to argue with people who can't park in the public lot so my advice is to park it in the big lot and walk yourself over.
So trying to open the door a gentleman rushes to open it for us I was really pleased but he really didn't have to. Then I go inside and there's no waiter in sight to seat us. We only see the bartender and of course we don't expect her to come out and seat us so we just walk around for a bit trying to decide if we should sit here or not.. (I didn't wanna sit down and be ignored because they didn't know we were there or something) so finally someone sees us and I ask him for a table and he directs us to this awkward bench meant for two people, although it's cute to sit side by side with my boyfriend I prefer sitting across from him and the seat just made us both uncomfortable for the first couple of minutes. A few minutes later we're handed menus, we decided quickly and were trying to get the attention of someone to take our order, some time had passed and still we struggled to simply place an order. We ordered half crispy chicken and mozzarella sticks, both really good. I enjoyed the food here, asked for some hot sauce the waiter also gave us some spicy mayo which I thought was nice of him. The seats and service aren't the best but if you can overlook all that this place has good food.
Truffle fries - love it and generous portion!Sweet potato fries - tried it, it's okay, will pass on it next timeBulgogi quesadilla - love it; add the sour cream on it!Soy garlic chicken wings - it's alright; it seemed very typicalAtmosphere - very modern, hip and a great place to hangout with friendsPeach Soju - strong!
Came here for drinks and small bites and I loved their menu. If I could I would've ordered one of everything but settled for some Korean fried chicken and seafood pancake. The fried chicken was just delicious, perfectly spicy for spicy food lovers and warning for those that can't handle spicy food. They have a drink with a Popsicle which is pretty good, very sweet. Definitely returning to try the rest of their menu!
I've been here three times, and the first two times would have been a solid four stars but after my third experience, I'm sorry Coop, but I'm going to have to bump you down a star. Perhaps it's the time that I went-- since the first two times I went on a quiet afternoon, but third time decided to come on a Saturday night where they had a fairly full house.. but I was still seated right away which was nice.Unfortunately, they seated us right in front of a huge party where there was this lady who kept having to go in and out and while getting in and out of her seat she would always (accidentally) push part of our table. This wasn't as big of a deal to me as the annoying waiter who kept pestering us to order. I mean, I get it. You want us in and you want us out, but we're dining in and I haven't even had my menu for five minutes. The first time that I told you "no.. we aren't ready yet, sorry" it does NOT mean come again two minutes later to ask again!! Their reasoning was because if we ordered chicken, it would take approximately 20 minutes to 30 minutes to make. I didn't really mind waiting, it's not like they bring out the food altogether anyway.. Plus, I've never had a waiter come off as strongly as this one the other two times I was here. Oh-- and another thing to add about this experience, I came at 10PM.. not 1AM when they're about to close!The food is consistent to what I remember it being. The wings are fresh and seasoned well. Although the spicy wings are kind of weird to me because they do have a tingling on your tongue but don't taste spicy. Their soy wings are okay, I like MFC better. Their truffle fries are okay, I like the chipotle sauce it comes with. The Kimchi Fried rice was a disappointment though, even though it's well presented and comes in a large portion.. I found it difficult to finish.However, on the sunnier side, they did promptly refill our water and were very (maybe too) attentive of us. Hopefully, I will bump this review back up in my future visits! :)
Chicken wings taste is particularly good, oysters are also very fresh, each passing will buy a chicken wings take-away service is also very thoughtful, is waiting for too long, hope to be able to produce faster.
This is a fun bar.  Clean, nice decor. I think that the bartender could drink anyone under the table. I had the fried chicken, spicy and traditional.  Tasty but messy.   I would return if in the neighborhood.
The food was delicious, love their pricing on oysters during happy hours. Their chicken was pretty good nicely glazed in soy garlic and spicy. Thinking about it again makes me want to go back again tomorrow. Pretty hard to find another restaurant similar to this in center of flushing. Highly Recommend!
I came here probably around midnight one night and it was still pretty busy. The place reminds me of Mad for Chicken, but I like this place so much better because its a more accessible location and they have so many other things on the menu!I basically tried all the popular menu items that people have been raving about on yelp. GET THE BULGOGI QUESADILLA!! (I still think about it all the time) Their fries and gratin are good as well.
The wings are really good. (The spicy wings are hella spicy!) the whole chicken is ok, i'd choose the wings over these.. they're drier than the wings. The gratin is pretty good but way too much cheese compared to the other ingredients imo. Truffle fries and sweet potato fries are good tooooo
The chicken is amazing omg. Crispy,Juicy,it's truly amazing. Must go again & order 20 wings instead hahaha
Very good Korean food. Above average Bulgogi and good 'chap che' noodle dish. Chicken, IMO - average. Great ambiance. Friendly young staff (versus the older formal wait staff at a lot of the Korean restaurants that are much more expensive) If you're new to the Flushing experience (such a wonderful slice of NY (skip Chinatown in Manhattan - too touristy, crowded and overpriced). This hub of businesses (Municipal Parking across the street) is as authentic as it gets.
Had a great lunch with my friends. We ordered a kimchi fried rice and it was pretty good. We also had truffle French Fries which were 10/10! They were delicious. The chicken was also great. Overall great and delicious.
Good, delicious chicken wing~ but to expensive ~ still like it and will come again,even though it is expensive. Is worth~
Worst staff service ever. The waiters are really rude. I asked if I could have ordered something without a ingredient and she said the impossible and we won't do it for you. She would roll her eyes every single time she would come near us and 10 minutes after we got our food she said are you done yet and when we obviously weren't she would sigh and give us so much attitude. The other waiters are nice expect her. My friends come here frequently and they always tell me how the waiter there is so rude and manerless. I would never come back to get food from this place again because I don't want to see her, she make me so mad.
My fave new place. Every time we come I always feel completely satisfied with it all. Bulgogi quesos, kimchi egg rolls, fried gizzards (with spicy sriracha dipping sauce) served only during happy hour, grilled gizzards, japchae, and lychee soju are my staples there. The happy is great too, so take advantage of the deal of discounted beers and delicious food options.
Good food, trendy atmosphere, would recommend.  Chicken and truffle fries are the way to go.
Came here mostly for the Korean fried chicken. That was good, but the bugolgi and seafood pancake was ok. Service was mediocre (usually nothing special in Flushing), but the decor is nice. We were told that they no longer accept the Yelp checkin offer for a free drink. They should take it down.
Went with 6 other friends. I called to make a reservation the night before and nobody picked up. I thought that was actually a bad sign because that could mean they are missing some business. But i was determined to try the place so I called them the next day again and someone took the reservation. I specifically told them there is a 3 year old so they prepared a high chair before we got there. We ordered the wings, of course, the bulgogi quesdailla, gratin, truffle fries (to die for), jap chae and a few other dishes. Very reasonably priced unlike many Korean places. Nice decor and vibe but I am worried for them because we were there on Saturday night from 6:30-9pm and it was only max 80% full at any given point of the night. I know it's new and the door on 39 Ave is easily missed... maybe it will pick up some business as more stores/restaurants open around.
I always enjoy the experience when I've come to eat here. The service was always very attentive and I never felt rushed even with a larger party during their busiest times. The food has consistently been tasty and the drink selection is pretty wide. I adore their happy hours with $1 oysters. My favorite dish I've had here thus far would probably be the seafood stew. It comes in a large shallow pot to your table which is meant to be shared with friends. I also loved their drinking munchies e.g. dukbokki and chicken wings, they really hit spot. Overall good food and a good times at this place.
I came here because i saw the review was pretty good n it was for a co worker birthday.  We ordered the happy hour oyster 2 dozens which came after all of our food came.  We ask the waiter again n again what happen to the oyster?  We ordered the seafood pancake (which have literally no seafood in it.  It was like a vegetable or is a onion pancake), a whole chicken - is sooo burned on the outside but is very juicy inside??  The chicken salad - just a normal shred chicken ranch salad.  Nothing special.  We ordered 2- half half(spicy n soy garlic)   chicken wings- that soy garlic taste soooo weird.  The skin not crispy n the sauce taste so weird is hard to explain.  We had a galbi dish, octupus w pumpkin pure?? (thats what it said in the menu!  Overally the food is nothing special that you want to come again.  Since we have lots of ppl they did gave us a grapefruit soju for free.  Since i think the restaurant was still new so they do not have enough staff yet.  No one really came to ask if we need anything.  We have to chase any waiters walking by to get something (another cup,  napkins,  my coke w lemon that have no lemon in it,  forks,  or order more food)  but they r nice to u when u ask them more than once.  But the waitress that was serving us talks like we r annoying her so is not that pleasant! If u need to survive in flushing,  u need to have better seevice n the food should be more special.
By far the best korean fried chicken place. Spicy is really spicy. Gizzard is a must get. Nice selection of soju. It's a nice hang out place for either HH or weekend. I think they still have the $1 oysters from 3 to 6pm. And their lunch special are back.
Fried chicken is great n juicy!!!!Price at regular hours is not cheap but like the ppl and atmosphere there. Ps:have a big screen for kpop mv!!!!
I tried the chicken wings and fries rices , it was very tasty and unforgettable, I still have the flavor in my mind , specially the fried rice is totally different  from typical Korean restaurants , I can't describe it but trust me you won't regret!
This place was suggested to me by a friend.Before I came, I decided to do some research on this place and found out it was a chicken place. I am not particularly fond of chicken so I was happy to find out that this place offer more than just chicken. I came in around 2:30 pm on Sunday and it surprisingly it wasn't crowded. I ordered the bulgogi quesadilla which was pretty bomb! It came with 6 pieces which filled me up! The service was also on point. The waiters were attentive and made sure to meet all of our needs. The meal was delicious and fulfilling and I want to come back to try their pilaf.
Came on a friday night and the service is great. Sat at the bar ordered some wings and fries which were good. Also tried the new spam fries and they were good. Service by the bartender was excellent. Atmosphere is good not to loud and not to quite. I will come again.
The food here was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and I ordered a bulgogi quesadilla "it was incredible", kimchi fried rice, 2 orders of wings and some beers. Everything that we ordered came out tasting sooo good! there was a slight spicy kick to the dishes but we enjoy spicy food. The atmosphere of the restaurant was really nice and chilled. The service was amazing, great staff, great music, great everything! lol I would definitely be returning here :D
I LOVE IT HERE! I eat out everyday. I'm a very big foodie. BIG foodie. My friend took me here for a birthday dinner and let me tell you, it exceeded my expectations and I was very pleased with everything from customer service to the food quality and presentation. Even the wine was perfect. The venue is beautiful. I will be going back!
Was hungry late night and grabbed some takeout, after surviving a 30 min ride home these wings were the delish! The half-and-half is the way to go, spicy and soy garlic they were still crispy, meaty and great flavored. The sweet potato fries didn't survive as well they were a little soggy probably from the steamy bag. Worth a trip, looked cute and trendy inside too!
I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoy their food! I've tried the bulgogi quesadilla, their soy garlic the coop wings, gratin, bibimbap (which they had a one point), their $1 oysters at happy hour and my friend had their kimchi fried rice. The bulgogi quesadilla was really good. It's a very different combination but worked!! Their wings were pretty good as well and I really like the savory taste of the soy garlic sauce but the wings were kind of small. The bibimbap was really good and was a generous portion. The Gratin was the one thing that didn't amaze me. The cheese was chunky and didn't really melt into the rice like I expected it to. The dish was really heavy but it might have just been me since I've cut back on cheesy foods lately. The oysters were great, as always. Can't go wrong with oysters! My friend loves their kimchi fried rice, it's cooked perfectly and has a great balance of ingredients. Although the coop is on the pricier side compared to a lot of places in flushing it's definitely worth it. Their waiters are super nice and attentive which is a breath of fresh air since a lot of restaurants in flushing don't have their kind of service. I would definitely keep coming back and recommend to my friends!
The first time I've been here was around their grand opening and I've been back a couple of times since -- its been consistent each time. The usual are truffle fries and half/half flavored wings obvi. It's standard, and if i had to compare to all the other korean fried chicken spots around the city and queens (MFC, UFC, Boka, Bonchon etc) it's definitely top 3.If you're looking to have more than the basics then the bulgogi quesadilla is a musttt. Ooo wow I'm salivating just thinking about it. The bulgogi is super flavorful and the quesadilla just as cheesy as you'd ever wish for.Some other dishes I've tried were the gratin, budae jjigae, and kimchi pasta -- all very flavorful with no shortage of cheese.As for decor/ambience, this place looks like something you'd find in the city. Young urban music playing, cool decor, spacious with wooden table and seats, has a full bar. The drinks are on point, pretty strong, but for the fruity weak drinker like me there were several tasty options. I've had the watermelon margarita in the summer and more recently this drink with a melon popsicle in it - delicious! Great for groups, pricey but worth it.P.S. the spicy is pretty spicy, and I eat spicy.
I went here w/my boyfriend a few weeks ago.  I was more impressed w/the entrees than wings, although they had good flavor and texture.   We ordered dukbokki and some red meat dish, can't remember the name, and yuzu soju.  The only thing I may have changed about the dukbokki was maybe to add more ramen (since I'm addicted to noodles).  I may not be a fan of soju, but it was very sweet tasting, almost as if it were lemonade, (but that's the flavor of yuzu).  ***A pitcher serves 4, not 2...***I would come back here to try their hot pot though.Service is very attentive.
The Coop is very close to main street, which is a huge plus since most Korean fried chicken places tend to be located on Northern Blvd or a bit further down from main street. I came here last night with two other friends for dinner. Upon entering, I noticed that it was a decently spaced area with a couple of tables that seat larger crowds, but with more tables that seated up to a max of probably 5 people. The ambiance feels more upscale, especially because it's different from other surrounding restaurants in Flushing. Each table came with a candle so I thought that was a nice touch. The place was dimly lit which I think is perfect for date night.My friends and I ordered the truffle parmesan fries, budae jigae, and the small order of wings (12 pcs; half & half for flavoring). The truffle parmesan fries were really crispy and it came with ketchup & sriracha mayo as its dipping sauces. I really enjoyed the fries and I'm usually not a huge fan of any truffle fries because I feel like the truffle taste overpowers everything else. However, the coop did their fries right and even though I did taste the truffle, it wasn't so strong which I highly enjoyed. The budae jigae was standard. I feel like it could've been a bit bigger considering it was $29 but I had no complaints on that, taste-wise. The wings came in 12 pcs, with half of it being soy garlic, and the other half being spicy. Even though the wings were crispy, I didn't think they were anything special. The soy garlic didn't stand out much to me. I tasted more of the soy and hardly tasted anything garlicky. The spicy wings were just plain spicy. I didn't like that at all. Overall, The Coop wasn't anything special to me. The fries were the only thing that stood out to me and I was disappointed in the wings. Our waiter was nice but other than that, I thought this place was just average. I enjoy Debasaki way more and their wings are better in my opinion since they have more options. I probably wouldn't mind coming back to this place if my friends wanted to but I wouldn't come here if I were craving some good Korean fried chicken.
It's just great place, I really liked it,Something different for me..Good food ... Good service, specially Hyunjeong , she helped us in a  very good way to choose a food , I will definitely come back.
Visited the restaurant for happy hour with my friends to celebrate our birthday. We ordered a dozen of the $1 oysters, truffle fries, 4 orders of the $6 soy garlic and spicy chicken wings, and a pitch of the lychee soju. The waiters were extremely nice and attentive. We even got free birthday shots on the house! I'd have to say that I like the flavor of the wings here more than mad for chicken and the lychee soju was just as flavorful as I wanted it to be. Definitely coming back for more!
The fried chicken is not as good as Mad for Chicken but the other things are pretty good. The cheesy fried rice is really good. I like the complimentary white kimchi too. There aren't a lot of Korean fried chicken places in downtown flushing compared to northern boulevard so I think this one is a safe bet.
The food was underwhelming. Sorryyyy!I like the place and service was good but if you are in flushing, you might as well go to northern blvd and really satiate your kfood appetite. I thought mad for chicken is a lot better.I had the half and half chicken wings, the side radish was excellent but they need to up their corn game.Also had the noodle soup with spam etc. I enjoyed it.
Only thing that kills me is that they close so early, at 2:00am? WHY?!I had a chocolate martini here, it was amazing. If you want something exotic and new then try the Minky Way, was delicious and not strong at all (if that's what you look for). They also have some good craft beers on tap. Bartender that attended me was great, could not complain about a single thing.
Very unique Korean soju place at the center of flushing. Love their yogurt soju and wings. A nice spot for drink night will be back next time. ++ services.
I found alien legs crawling from a blue point oyster. The sever said just crab, and gave me a new one. But, I can't. I can't. I can't pretend I never seem this and accidentally swallow it and it will crawl inside my stomach! I lost appetite after seeing the dancing leg or tail. I probably don't want to see oyster for awhile :(
I only go to Korean places for their Fried Chicken. They have decent fried chicken, but i still think there are other locations that does it better. Alcohol-wise they are pretty well stocked. P.S. The perk about this place is that its at the heart of Flushing. You don't have to travel far form the train station to get here!
If you're an avid k-pop fan who enjoys listening to kpop then this place is for you. They play the most recent kpop songs as well as the most recent kpop music videos on the wall from a projector, though sometimes those music videos can be rated pg13+.I come here for the pitcher of flavored soju and whenever i feel like catching a drink with my friends. Roughly $25 for pitcher of flavored soju which is pricy, but if you're a lightweight like me then this is enough for you and another lightweight friend to get buzzed. They also serve popcorn while you drink. Their fried chicken is pretty good along with their kimchi pasta and bulgogi quesadilla, but the prices are pretty steep.Service is a hit or miss depending on who you get, but my cup of water is always filled until it gets super busy inside. Besides that, the servers are usually very nice and friendly. I had a drink with my friend and she knocked out on the table and while i was waiting for her to sober up, the waiter constantly came to refill our waters and ask if everything was okay. On my way out i didnt realized i left my earphones behind and the same waiter kindly ran after me to return it which i thought was very nice of him. I would definitely come back again for the vibe only if my wallet is fat enough for it.
Happy hour oysters $1 each, decent size. Though the Korean chicken wings are average and the noodles as well.
Food: We ordered a couple of dishes to share. The Parmesan truffle fries were surprisingly delicious. We ordered a large platter of wings which were crispy and well seasoned. We also had seafood pancake, pork belly, chicken gizzard and galbi. Service: Our waitress was helpful and attentive.Decor: tasteful and modern.
Good food, but too loud sometimes. I wish it would be easier to converse with my friends while eating great Korean fried chicken. -reviewer 1Food is very tasty. I recommend the soy garlic chicken and the pork belly. The atmosphere is very modern and unique. Great lighting. Food tastes fresh and authentic -reviewer 2
I came on a Friday night and it was pretty packed. We ordered a Soondobu, chicken wings, seafood pancake, pork belly, truffle fries and the bulgogi quesadilla for our group of 5. The bulgogi quesadilla was pretty good. The Soondobu and wings were pretty spicy. For someone who loves spicy, it was kind of hard to enjoy the wings. We got a lychee soju too and it was pretty strong but good.  It's a bit more expensive compared to other places, so I'm not sure if I would come just for a dinner. But it seems like a cool place to hang out on the weekend and get drinks and bites.
The staff are very polite and courteous. They have a great selection on beers and variety of cocktail choices. The decor is modern but yet trendy. Love the chalkboard wall near the bathrooms. The wings are spot on delicious and meatier. Overall, it's a great place to eat and chill.
The Coop set the tone at One Fulton Square since day one. It could be argued that it is one of the best/consistent food places at this new Flushing food hub. It is rare to find a bar that can accommodate large groups and serve a decent dinner as well. Not going too in depth on the food, I recommend the truffle parmesan fries, bossam, japchae, and any form of their chickens whether wings or whole. Dukboki was slightly bland regardless of the spice level and the seafood pancake a bit burnt. Service was awesome as we got our water pitchers refilled faster than we can drink. Also they were always around to take a new order. The kitchen staff is not that efficient in handling a lot of orders so we had a long wait for each dish. The staff gave us a grilled chicken on the house for the inconvenience. Free food is the best way to say sorryI can see why this place is constantly praised. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
This isn't a sports bar. PLEASE don't come here expecting to have a great sports-watching experience. That's what my friend and I did, and we knew we had made a terrible mistake the second we walked in to watch the Mets clinch a World Series berth. The Coop is one of the many new establishments that have popped up on Prince Street with the new Hyatt hotel. It's very modern and very clean (give it six more months; after all, it Is Flushing), and is a very nice change of pace from the usual loud and dirty main area of Flushing. The restaurant is really nice. Wood furnishings, a respectable bar and many tables for couples and groups. My friend and I sat at the bar to watch the game on the two TVs, and were served by YoonMi, a bartender I have a very large crush on, and service was excellent. The beers were cold, and the conversation was light and entertaining. We ordered small orders of the soy garlic wings, and ummm...well, you won't be full. Presentation was pleasing, but the wings were small to the point that I can only describe them as "cute."The fries, both the regular and the sweet potato, were hot and freshly-fried, and the assortment of condiments was very appreciated. The chicken gizzards weren't worth the $7. They were tasty and all, but it was literally pieces of gizzard with huge slices of garlic. Also, I love using whole black peppercorns when I cook at home, but it's not an ingredient you should be so liberal with, especially when used in a small portion of something. The ratio of whole peppercorns to gizzards had to have been 2:1. Not great, guys. So why the note about this not being a sports bar? It's not. Two TVs and a nice quality projector, but everything is on mute in order for the nonstop Big Bang and friends that was progressively getting louder and louder. My friend loved the fact that TaeYang and G-Dragon accompanied the baseball game, but I just want to make sure you guys know that this is first and foremost, a restaurant. I really like the place though. Oh and happy hour ends at 6, so if you're commuting from anywhere that isn't Flushing, good luck. I'll definitely be back.
This place is amazing! I went here for a girls night with some of my closest friends and the service was on point. Our waitress was very attentive, but not in the annoying way. We got oysters, truffle fries and the soy and spicy wings which tasted so good. They were cooked to perfection. We also got Mango and strawberry mojitos which we also perfection. I love this place and I can't wait to go back.
The Coop is conveniently located next to our hotel so we just had to try it.  It's a fusion Korean restaurant with a full bar offering. We ordered the garlic soy wings and pork and beef sliders. The wings were nothing exceptional.  Pretty standard to the Bon Chons and Kyochons that we've frequented in the past.  The sliders were very good.  The pork slider being the favorite of our group.  The space is contemporary and there is plenty of seating. The service was good and decent, but not overly friendly though.  Hence the 3 stars.
Came here many times for dinner and happy hour. This place is awesome.  The fried kidney is only sold during happy hour and is the best snack I've ever eaten.  It goes so well with booze.  The bulgogi quesadilla, Korean fried chicken and stir-fried kidneys are my go-tos.  I think the menu is pretty good, just haven't had a chance to try everything.Warning - the lychee soju is FANTASTIC.  My friends and I got a few pitchers and didn't feel it until we were leaving :)
Okay, I love the Coop. I can always depend on this place for amazing drinks and just a great time. To start off, the food falls into the category of "drunk good"- which means that okay, maybe that chicken is not the BEST chicken you've ever had or maybe the truffle fries don't really taste that truffley- BUT if you keep drinking whatever you feel is lacking will compensate itself.I like the vibe, decor, and especially the service here. The servers here are very cool and know how to talk to customers sensibly and suavely (an easy but yet difficult task for many). Regarding the food- here's a list of things to order:1. Wings (if you're in the mood for crispy Korean style wings to go along with that beer)2. Truffle Fries (if you desire to eat crispy fries with the hint of truffle and don't want the overly strong Truffle taste [but why])3. Kimchi Pasta (ORDER if you're a sucker for Asian/Italian fusion like me. I like this dish.)4. Pork Rib Fondue (ORDER. Very good.) Spare yourself from ordering traditional dishes like galbi or ddukbokki here, because you know it's not a traditional place. Unless you're really craving it.Drinks to order:1. Lychee Soju (If you have $ to spend and too lazy to make it- they present it nicely in a mound of ice and make it very strong.)2. Cheesecake shots (not sure if they're on the menu- yummy)3. Lychee Martini Don't come here and not drink. You may not have a good time.
I came for dinner and I may be back. An initial issue is there is no tea. Any kind of Asian restaurant even if fusion should have tea.A small order of the wings, half and half, was good and worth a return visit as are the truffle parmesan fries. The seafood stew was flavorful but the seafood overcooked and chewy.The worst was the kalbi. It was burnt, overcooked, and chewy. The mashed potatoes were obviously out of a box. This was recommended by the waitress. Either she doesn't know the menu or this was to pad the bill as this dish was $25.Service is very attentive. If only the food was better.
I really expected a lot more from this place when i first heard it was opening. The first time I came, my friends and I ordered the fried chicken and I was pretty disappointed. It's definitely not as flavorful as other places I've tried and the spiciness level was too much in my opinion. The restaurant was pretty empty since we came during off-peak hours, but our waiter still managed to forget our fries so I ended up not even being able to try them because by the time he remembered, we were almost done with our meal. I came back a second time to see if their other dishes might be better because I really liked the ambiance of the restaurant itself so its a nice place to hang out and chat with your friends too but everything we ordered the second time around still didn't really meet my expectations. The budae jjigae was mediocre. I'd rather stick with Mad for Chicken from now on, that's where the real good stuff is at.
One of the first korean fried chicken places where their spicy wings actually tasted better than the garlic and soy sauce wings. It wasn't too spicy like other places and had a nice flavor. Their Bulgogi quesadillas were also very tasty and definitely worth and try. The seafood pancake was okay. The difference with this pancake is that it seems very abundant of seafood but very little batter. The kimchi egg rolls were nothing special. The budae jiggae wasn't any different either. I think the best thing was the Last Love yuzu makgeolli. It was mixed very well.
Came here for lunch. I love their chicken wings and this is a nice spot to chill. The service is good.
Live in jersey and will come all the way here for this place! Great food and atmosphere! Must try their wings! Staff is super attentive and friendly :) if you're in the area or not this place is a must try!
The staff here seems to be dead inside. No smiles. No welcoming hello. Except for this one cheerful girl who seemed to have the energy of a thousand suns. The chicken is ok. Got the wings a few times and they never seem to taste fresh. They are a bit dry. The whole chicken got the Korean flavored one which was pretty damn good but as I sit here eating my chicken I only count one leg one thigh, no wings and bunch of breast pieces.. never seen a whole chicken with no wings and only one leg.. a few of the other items on the menu don't stand out like crazy. Over priced, consider one of the other locations in flushing if you don't mind cramped spaces and a little dirt and grime.
Highly recommended for this restaurant if you love Korean food like me ! Tasty soup & soy Garlic chicken wings !
Utterly underwhelming. The decor and service were great, but I came to eattt.The only plus I could think of is the spicy wings. They're hot but you can taste the flavor. It's not like other Korean places where they're just blindingly spicy and you're scrambling to find water.Would not recommend the budae jjigae. For $29 you get VERY little. The "bowl" that it came in was flat enough to use as a regular plate. I'd understand if it was some quality jigae, but it wasn't.I'd recommend MFC on Northern. Much better food, you get your money's worth, and you don't have to deal with the madness that is Flushing parking.If you must check it out, park at Skyview Center. It's free parking for the first 3 hours. Buy some floss at Target if you feel like you're gaming the system.
Only have been here for drinks with a few friends at the bar.Customer service was very nice, bartender/hostess was very attentive. Not sure what to rate about food & drinks tho... Since I ordered a bottle of Soju & my friend a draft beer lolDef love the ambience, music, and the interior.Will go back to experience cocktails & food next time!
Very bad service. When we come in no nobody said anything, not even a hello. We find ourselves a seat and then menu came. Wait more than 15 minutes and still not coming. We only order 12 pieces chicken wings. The waitress finally come over with the chicken wings but not for us but the the table next us. Then the next table realizes is not their and the waitress quickly give it to us without said anything. My friend was very hungry and she take a bite but I was going to ask for the manager to change. Before I ask, the manger came up with another chicken wings and ask if we ordered two. We said no but we would like to change to a new one. He gave us a new one but later he went by and said we already ate one. I am so sad and said " you can take one back". What the ... totally angry. Never come back.
Service was great ! Food average, but if you come for drinks and a bite i don't think you'll be lacking-- basically perfect drinking food. Decor is really nice compared to other spots in Flushing !
Awesome place to hangout with friends. They have the best spicy Korean chicken wings. One of the waiter is super duper friendly(don't know his name). And they even give out free popcorns. How awesome is that lol
I've been here several times, and had their wings. I've tried both their soy/garlic and hot wings. Very similar to Bon Chon wings and I have to say if you like Bon Chon then you will love their wings. Very crispy.. Great taste. Very clean, Friendly Bartenders (As I've only sat at the bar)Don't get the Bulgogi Sliders.. Too much bread.. Little meat and overall not the best dish to order.I have to say, the place is very generic in terms of what I would predict a Korean Chicken wing place to be but there is nothing wrong with that. I do come here when I am in flushing, craving wings and a draft beer. My rating is based on my expectation, friendliness and cleanliness.
Came here with a few friends for dinner one day in the summer and we were greeted/seated rather quickly. We ordered the kimchi fried rice, parmesan truffle fries, large order of the soy garlic wings, & spicy seafood pancake. Each order we received food was warm and delicious and eaten quickly. The chicken itself was 7/10, pretty good but not the best Korean fried chicken. The ambiance was like a modern gastropub and you can tell majority of the crowd was in their 20s. The drinks here were pretty top notch and they offer a grand variety of top shelf liquor, surprising for a restaurant.Will be back if I'm ever in the Flushing/Main st area.
food is pretty average. the chicken wings arent anything special just another version of mad for chicken. its decent if you're in the flushing area and dont want to travel out to northern. the truffle fries are always on point. they are the only thing i really love when i come here. i've also had the kimchi fried rice which is good but not amazing as well as their soups/stews. the clam soup with onions and peppers were pretty bland. usually its peppery and spicy and salty but this one was just .. disappointing. i would only come here because its convenient and its open late
We were greeted warmly, but the service was bad. The food was alright, nothing amazing. The waiter did not collect everyone's dishes and was kind of rude. The place looks nice and food was okay, but service  is bad.
Definitely come here for happy hour oysters and cocktails! Truffle fries are really good too and the portions are large. Servers are extremely attentive as well. Only downside imo is their wings are alright - overpriced and flavor-wise Debasaki does it better
The food is good! And the wait staff is very honest and nice. The atmosphere is very comfortable. The location is also very convenient.
This place is simply spectacular!I've gotten their fried chicken for take out before, but I never sat down and ate there until about a month ago. My friends and I have named this as one of our favorite restaurants in flushing. Their fried chicken is delicious, their oysters are heavenly, and their drinks are perfect. I think it's best to come here with friends because the atmosphere is lively and hip!
The Coop is a relatively new joint but it has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing. I've been here several times since their grand opening so I've tried a decent amount of dishes from their menu. Food: THEY HAVE $1 OYSTERS DURING HAPPY HOUR (Mon-Fri 4-7PM)! I don't know any other places in Flushing that offer this wonderful deal. I've been to a lot of places in the city for happy hour oysters but their oysters are by far the freshest I've ever had. If you don't make it in time for their happy hour they still offer oysters on their regular menu (just not for $1). I've tried their truffle parmesan fries (to die for), sweet potato fries (perfectly crisp on the outside, soft/sweet on the inside), mozzarella fondue (ooey gooey goodness), bulgogi/spicy pork belly sliders (both delicious), bulgogi quesadilla (I can eat this everyday), kimchi pasta (the pasta was perfectly al dente), seafood pancake (perfectly crisp on the outside, loaded with seafood on the inside), bulgogi gratin (if you love cheese on everything then this is for you), pork rib fondue (slow cooked to perfection), jjusam (perfect amount of spiciness), nurungji tang (delicious/refreshing broth), budaejigae (delicious spicy stew that goes well with white rice), beef intestine soup (definitely not for everyone but it was really good!)Drinks: Their bevs are just as good as their food! My favorite drink from their happy hour menu is "all for you" (I think that's what it's called). It's a tasty drink that's perfect for someone who doesn't drink as often. For someone who prefers something stronger, I recommend their mojitos -- perfect amount of alcohol and sweetness! Their cocktail soju's are delicious as well! If you're more of a water person .. I have good news .. their water is filtered and lemon flavored! Service: I'm very pleased with their service. The workers are really attentive and friendly. Everyone greets you when you enter the restaurant which is nice. Ambiance: The atmosphere is wonderful as well as the decor. It's upscale, modern, and hip. It doesn't feel like you're in Flushing. The bar is a wonderful spacious area to chill at. They have two tv's angled above the bar and a projector that plays kpop music videos. This place is a fun place to be at which explains why it's always busy at night on weekends! Overall, The Coop is THE place to go to if you want delectable high quality food. It definitely beats out other Korean fried chicken competitors like Mad For Chicken, Bonchon, Kyochon, etc IMO. Swing by and visit this place when you get the chance -- I highly recommend!
Went there for lunch with a friend to catch up. We order some chicken wings which was awesome. The fries was nicey fried and crispy. We then order some sliders with was great. But not enough to fill us up. Good selections of alcohol too. Must try. Cool looking decor too. Seems like a cool spot for some night life as well.
Came during happy hour, oysters were fresh, soy garlic wings were bit too salty for me but enjoyable and spicy were the fit for me , I also got the japchae and bossam (pork slices with sides of white kimchi cabbage and spicy chives). I enjoyed the japchae (great flavor) more than bossam (park was alright). Flavor of chives was too intense. Cute waitresses tho for all you interested parties out there. Service was attentive as well. I liked the atmosphere and it's a good place to nom away from the heat. Would come back to try other food.
Delicious food! I can't wait to go back. We ordered the spicy rice cakes-spiciest i've ever had but absolutely delicious, the soy garlic wings-perfectly crispy and flavoured, oysters-so fresh, bulgogi quesadilla-so much flavor in the bulgogi..delicious. I enjoyed everything i ate. the staff was very friendly but didn't come to us that often so we had to keep getting their attention.
Good service, good drinks and nice apps but note to self.  The deepfried chicken gizzards are only offered during happy hour and at no other time.  That was such a letdown as they are such a good thing  to eat with the great soju coctails they offer.
Love the wings and the big servings of dishes!Get a free drink if you check-in on yelp! It's really a great deal!!!!
One of the better Bar places in Flushing. Their selections of drinks is pretty diverse. Came here after work for a quick get together with coworkers. Food was decent, the wings are better than regular wings in the Flushing area. Other than that, nothing really special. We ordered 3 bottles of wine and they gave us a rice wine on the house (which i thought was pretty cool.) Service was good, waitress and waiters always made sure we had enough food on our table.One perk: TVs to watch the games!Overall: Good place for a get together but i would not recommend coming here for dinner. This place is more of an after dinner, get a few drinks, talk or watch the game kind of bar/restaurant.
Their wings made me flyyyy. Reallly. They're so crispy and the flavors are on point. It's made to perfection. Even their spicy wings are amazing.Their spicy hot pot is quite good, though not the best I've had. But definitely come here for the wings.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place and the food was great! I arrived with a party of 6 around 5:00PM on a Sunday and there was no wait. I really liked where the restaurant was located, it was kind of like a food mall, I guess. The Coop is on the 2nd floor. The place has a pretty nice bar area and there was a good amount of seating. We were seated in a table near the window and I loved how the afternoon sun came through the window.Our server acknowledged us right away and came by and took our order in a timely manner. My party ordered a dozen Blue Point Oysters, Truffle Parmesan Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, Kimchi Fried Rice, Spicy Pork Belly, and of course, The Coop Wings. Unfortunately, we had to order only soy garlic wings since the people in our group who couldn't handle spice outweighed the people who lived on spice. Everything was quite enjoyable. However, the radish that they gave us with our wings didn't taste very good. You must try the sweet potato fries! They are BOMB. I found myself reaching for those more than the truffle fries. The honey blue cheese sauce that it came with was so delicious! The oysters were average, nothing special. Their Kimchi Fried Rice was definitely very spicy, we couldn't even finish it. I was also interested in trying some of their fusion stuff like the bulgogi sliders and quesadillas, so I will definitely return!
My first experience here was great. Food delicious. You pay for what you get, and that is quality food. My order included bulgogi quesadilla , Truffle fries , and of course chicken. The soy garlic chicken I can say is better than other places you might find. As for the truffle fries they were fantastic! The bulgogi quesadilla was on point.As for service here, it was pretty good.The workers greeted us when we arrived as well as leaving. They were pretty attentive and had a good idea when customers needed help.This is the place to go to if you want some Korean chicken!
I love the spicy chicken wings The bibimbab was soso coz they put too much green salad ( not like real korean bibimbab ) The seafood jigae not my fave The beef quesadillas quite good The service too slow just bcoz of only one server was working in that time But overall nice to try
Honestly, is this place a Resturant or a Bar? Other than the first cup of water brought to your table after you sit down, the refills arrive probably the same time as your check. They recommend the drinks over their foods and when I order a chicken grilled , not only did they forget to inform me that it will take time, after asking about my order for the 3rd time, the server told me he did not put in the order and there would be another 45min wait. I was lucky that I had order the steak quesadilla to eat first otherwise I would not have gotten a meal that night.Lastly , all I got from the waiter was a quick "sorry" as he handed my check and they expected me to tip 15%. Not a place I would go back to again unless you are a group that knows the exact amount of what you eat and drink and requires no service after you've ordered.
Their chicken wings are pretty good but the other food is standard. The interior is really nice but their bartender is not professional. I asked for a round of lemon drop shots and the server said the waiter didn't know what that was...pretty basic drink if you ask me. The crowd is very Korean at night time but during lunch it's very slow.
Tried the wings and the truffle parmesan fries and it was amazing. The wings can get pretty spicy the more you eat and they have some really cool deals for holidays lunar new years and valentine's day so that was also pretty awesome. The guy at the door was pretty cool too so I had a nice conversation with him while waiting for my friend. Shout out to that guy.
I went there a few weeks after their grand opening. They have a happy hour menu from 4-7pm where you can get oysters for $1. Their oysters were really fresh and it comes with a special sauce that goes well with it. Their truffle fries came in large portion and it's pretty worth it for $10. However, they always give out their sauces in such small portion, i kept having to ask for more. Their chicken wings were pretty good. It's actually very similar to bonchon or mad for chicken except there is more flavoring to it. It is definitely a go to place if you're craving for chicken and you're near by the area. I also had their seafood pancake but looks can be deceiving. The taste of it was decent but way overpriced at 19 bucks.
Yes, there are many korean chicken places in queens but this place also has many other great twists to their dishes! A very americanized taste is added to korean food. It may freak ppl out but its fun to try. Their bulgogi quesdailla is sooooo yummy with cheese oozing out!!!! & who doesnt like gooey cheese? Haha. Their soy garlic chicken wings are also good. Id say this place is better than others in the flushing area.Plus side, this restaurant has a FULL BAR!
Just couple of things.Great selection of food and drinks. I just hope that the gratin smelled less like vinegar. It tasted good but a bit too much on the vinegar-like smell. The wings were decent and the bulgogi quesadilla was the most memorable; I was actually impressed.Nice atmosphere. The lights were dim and the music sound was fair.Service was solid, fast and efficient. It was obvious that the servers really cared about my table. They were all polite but one thing: i just wish they'd smile more.Overall, it was a good experience. One of better places in flushing.
I was looking for a late night spot to eat after some Christmas shopping. This place is nicely decorated, very clean and the staff is friendly. The truffle fries are on POINT and definitely a must! We also ordered a mushroom soup (without the beef strips) and it wasn't bad. It was something different to try. The drinks are also very interesting. We had the iced lychee drink which I really enjoyed. I definitely recommend this place to anyone that's in the flushing area.
I had to visit because I passed by and heard great reviews. My bf and I ordered the budae jigae, 12 piece half and half coop wings, and truffle fries. So much food, but very tasty! The fries were bomb, soup was good, just wish they had bigger bowls, and wings were flavorful. The spicy weren't too spicy, so it was enjoyable. I wish they had wet naps though. My bf and I also ordered drinks. He had the summer special with the ice cream, very tasty. I had the princess drink with gin, it was  delicious! Definitely will come back. Sometimes service was slow, but it can be worked on.
Everything from the food to interior to service is great. It's big enough for small gathering with friends. I highly recommend the bulgogi quesadilla - it comes with fries when you order out. I think the take out menu is different from the restaurant menu.
Tastes as good as home (Santa Clara, CA)!  Crispy, spicy (not too hot) fried chicken.  Also had a bowl of tasty kim chee fried rice.  Great decor.  Friendly service.  Good beer selection (and full bar).  Was slow on weekday lunch, so we were seated immediately.  A great find a very short walk from out hotel on a cold day.
Absolutely love this place. Great atmosphere, great food, and not too pricey! Drinks are made well and the staff is super friendly. I go way out of my way to go here.
This place was a super cool atmosphere and the food was all delicious. We were two people and got the chicken wing mix (soy and spicy), japchae, bulgogi sliders, and peach soju. The wings had great flavor, some of them lacked a bit of crunch, but still delicious. The japchae was really good! It was a first for me on that dish, and I was pleasantly surprised, it also came out really quickly. The sliders were good, but I wished there was a little more sauce, I would love to try the spicy pork ones next time. The soju was delicious and surprisingly strong, usually flavored soju's are tasty but weak, so very well done. They also gave us two shots on the house! They wanted us to try a new drink they've just added to the menu, I don't remember the name but it had fireball, rum chata, and milk. I had wanted to try it when I first saw it, so I was so excited they brought it over! I liked it, I don't think I could do more than one, but I enjoyed the flavor. Overall I would absolutely come back, and I would recommend it. I love bar food, so I felt very at home.
The food is great! The bulgogi quesadilla and gratin were absolutely amazing!  The kimchi fried rice had great spice and really good flavor.  The wings left a bit to be desired.  We had split between the flavors 50/50 but I honestly couldn't tell the difference which makes me think our order was either wrong, or the flavors were just so similar that it didn't make a difference what kind you ordered.The reason it gets 3 stars is that the service was awful.  I was there on a Sunday at about 3pm so needless to say the place was pretty empty still.  We ordered apps and entrees and for some reason everything came out at once, except the wings.  The waiter said those take longer (than everything else we ordered? think that's a lie) but they didn't come out until we were done eating everything else.  The table next to us, who came in after us, got their order of wings first so I'm not sure what happened here. Our waiter though seemed to disappear as we started to eat though leaving us without any service at all.  It wasn't until I went to the restroom that I found him sitting in the back at a table with other servers just lounging.  The poor bartender seemed to be the only one serving the entire restaurant and we felt bad as we watched her run around trying to do it all.  It wasn't until we got our check from her that the other waiter showed up to collect.  Just really poor service.  They're luck the food is so good.
We had a party of 10 and they accommodated us well. We had a few mix-ups with our reservation time but fortunately it all worked out. (First they thought it was for 6:30 pm on Friday, but it was for that time on Saturday--they had the date correct, but day of the week incorrect. Then they called on Saturday to confirm the 8:30 pm reservation--not the 6:30 pm reservation I had made.) Luckily, they didn't seem packed at that time, so they were able to fit us in. Our table just barely fit 10 people--it was more appropriate for 8.We all enjoyed our food, however, and we ordered quite a variety. Beers, cocktails, wings, fries (those orders are huge, you need fewer than you think), sliders (this was the only meh in my book--the buns weren't very exciting), quesadillas, jap chae, and grilled chicken.Service was friendly and good. I'd definitely go back!
Never again will I be stepping foot in this place. I visited the place last night and ever since then, I have the worse sore throat and two diarrhea. Ugh, biggest regret ever!
Their foods are pretty good. Mostly done in a good format. The reason I could not give them full stars was because they are very slow in speed and make the incorrect orders few times that I went to. Shop owner should provide more training for staffs before throwing them right into the customers.
Fun relaxing loud music Korean bar the Crispy chicken was delicious perfectly fried and tasty.  The Kimchee  seafood pancake was also good  and ramen Korean spicy seafood soup yummy.  Rice wine ok lecher martinis were decent overall nice relaxing food and drink with friends
I am so glad this opened up in flushing because I didn't have a favorite go-to korean place for a LONG time! I love how friendly the staff are here. I definitely will be returning here few times a month. This place has a lot of seating areas and they also play some of my favorite music too.
The wings are really good. Especially the soy garlic wings! We ordered the kimchi fried rice and it was alright. The wait wasn't long. So I recommend it.
One of my new fave places. I've been going once every two weeks to get my chicken and budae jigsae fix. Owner and staff care about the customers; very friendly and exceptional service. Kind of want to keep this spot a secret, it's already getting packed all the time and it just opened.-I don't cook. I eat.
Brooklyn lager Draft beer ... Wings (garlic soy flavor)Oysters went for happy hour yum . $1 oysters was ok nothing special.  Chicken wings hit the spot .Had the fried chicken gizzard appetizer ... Good portion w spicy mayo sauce ... Little too doughy ... Was ok check off the list .I would go back for more beers and taste more off their menu. Place is modern with nice cool feel ambiance .
The atmosphere is nice. The place is pretty spacious and since it just opened it's nice and clean. The staff is accommodating and friendly. They have an awesome cocktail menu! I LOVE that as a drinker. Also their food is pretty yummy. NOM NOM NOM :)
The food is ok. Service is not that OK.  If you call the waitress more than 3 times you'll see their attitude, plus taking the wrong orders. My bill was $175, I gave $45 tips and the waitress said IT'S NOT ENOUGH!  What????  So I took back $15 and called their manager. Need to put more smiles on these waitress.
came for dinner nice hot wing，and nice place to eat in flushing. I will come back again.
Wow! Wow! Wow! This place is a awesome! The service was attentive and the food... Oh my... the food... was amazing. Their "spin" on the sliders and fries is a must have. Compliments to the chef! This place is still new so there was no wait for a table, but I'm sure when the word gets out... This place will be packed.
Food was good. My favorite was the bulgogi quesadilla. Place was clean and organized. Bathroom was pretty clean as well. Came in in a wednesday with a party of 6. Took a little long to get the servers attention to ask for check but there were only 2 servers and 1 waterboy on the floor so thats understandable.
The best modern Korean restaurant I've ever visited.Wings and seafood pancake are so delicious.Atmosphere is fresh.
I have been here once every week since The Coop had its Grand Opening! This is honestly by far one of the best chicken places in all of Queens. Mind you, I've tried all of them... Mad For Chicken, Debasaki, Kyochon, Bonchon Chicken... The atmosphere and service is phenomenal. Everytime I look up, a waitress is already on her way over to me to see what I want. (A bit creepy, but whatever) From the second I walk in they greet you with their Korean greetings and make you feel welcomed. As for the atmosphere, it feels like a restaurant you would find in the city. It is classy, fun, and warm. The food is out of this world. I love getting the soy garlic chicken (I can't handle spicy), Parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadilla, mozzarella fondue, pilaf, gratin, pork rib fondue, sliders, and the seafood pancakes. Like I said, I've been there every week since the Grand Opening so I tried many things! As for the price, you get what you pay for. For the atmosphere and the food and the amazing service, every cent is worth it. If I could, I would give this place a 10 out of 5 stars. Cheers to the owner and workers for making this place awesome!!!!!!!
This is my favorite place to go in flushing everytime im craving chicken wings! The place is so nice compare to other places in flushing. I love korean food too so the coop is really good for me. I love their soy garlic chicken wings! The spicy wings are too spicy for me so i cant really enjoy it. I tried several more dishes too, like pancakes, bulgogi, and some more! I will definitely come back!
The food here is delicious. It's not traditional Korean, and u don't get all the little side dishes. But the chicken is moist, and the sauce is unique. The sauce is barbecue, but something more: sweet and savory and not overwhelming.
This place is convenient if you want to grab some korean style fried chicken. Once you get off the train it's not too long of a walk. By car you can park at the municipal parking lot, or go to Skyview mall and get 3 hr free parking. They offer two flavors for their fried chicken. Did the half and half, and the spicy ones were just too spicy for me. Otherwise it's pretty good but I have tried another place which offered bigger drumsticks and wings. Their truffle fries was well worth it; taste good and the portion is big. The Budae jigae was rather small, the broth looked really red but flavor wise was pretty watered down.
Took out of town friends here because they are steak and potato people. Figured it was a safe bet (and it was). The music was great, Shazamed a bunch of Asian artist. The chicken was amazing!!! I would definitely go back if I am every in Flushing again!!
The service there was pretty good but the food there was amazing. It was very filling and came in large portions. Me and my friends had only ordered four dishes but we had so much trouble finishing it especially the fries. They were definitely worth $10. We got the truffle Parmesan fries and it was really good. Nicely crisped and the spicy mayo sauce went so well with it. We also got the kimchi pasta, egg roll omelette and the bulgogi quesadilla. All of the dishes tasted great. I would love to come back again.
Love it here. Cute Service, creative Korean food and drinks!! Many beer options as well! Beautiful waiter and waitress. Makes dining here even more enjoyable!
Came here to try out how their chicken was since I heard good things about it. Let me just say, this is probably my new favorite place when I'm craving some real Korean fried chicken. I say this because I usually don't (or can't seem to) eat the whole chicken off the bone, but with their chicken, it comes off really clean. The flavors are also on point and are not too strong or too weak. Aside from the chicken, the sweet potato fries are bomb and worth the $10 you pay for. The deco is also nice and cute, perfect for a group of friends or even a late night date. One less star because the service was not the best. My boyfriend and I got seated right away but they didn't give us water even after taking our order until we asked. The food took kind of long as well but the wait was worth it so I didn't mind. Overall, I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
This is such a great hangout place!  Hands down one of the few places with superb customer service.  If you feel like having some Korean pub food with drinks, this is the place to go!
This is your regular Korean fried chicken at a place conveniently located closer to the 7 train. I found their fried chicken to be heavy on the breading which made them difficult to eat after awhile and filling in a bad way. Their grilled chicken is definitely the better option. Juicy, great portion size and pairs well with the parmesan truffle fries which are a must-try. They have happy hour which includes $1 oysters but they are not the best of quality so I would definitely pass on this as there are much better places for this in the city.
Chicken wings taste good.  Typical prices.  Only bad things are that it's way too freaking loud and the service is slow.
The wings were as good as they were hyped up to be but the wings took way more than half hour.The bulgogi slider quesadilla was creative but was pretty bland in taste.Oysters were awesome though.Service was great.
I haven't been to that part of flushing for few years. Was very surprise to see this huge building where once used to be a parking lot. Coop was an interesting place the food was pretty good and enjoyed the drinks there.
The best happy hour in town! The wait staff is always attentive and around to service. The chicken is bomb.com. I love the corn they give you as a side. I can literally eat that as it's own fish. The quesadilla is not to be missed.
I love that they offer other food than fried chicken. When you order the fried chicken you're given small buckets for bones! Very considerate! Also highly recommend their truffle fries and bulgogi quesadilla!!! They also have a bar too.
If you don't want to go too off of Main St. to eat korean fried chicken, this is your spot. I would normally have to travel further out to Northern Blvd. for chicken so I'm glad a closer place has opened. Don't let the express take out stand in the front fool you, it is spacious and nicely decorated inside. The service here is great and the food is tasty! They have dollar oysters during happy hour as well as $3 beer and other drinks. It's a good get together spot with good vibes. Stop by before this place gets too popular!
Came here on a Sunday night after a recommendation. The atmosphere is very trendy and there is plenty seating which is great! The staff is quite attentive and we were even offered shots because our food was a little delayed [barely any additional wait but it was nice of them to notice and offer :)] I got a small order of Soy Garlic chicken wings (comes with 14 wings - good deal) and Parmesan truffle fries and both were awesome! My boyfriend seemed to enjoy my wings too because he ended up eating half of them on top of eating his own food (so greedy! - Next time we'll be sure to order a large). Our drinks were great as well, I got the lychee martini and my bf got the apple martini - both super delish and pretty strong. We will def be back very soon.
Made reservations for a group of 12 and they were super accommodating.  Service was very attentive and the ambience was great!  The lychee soju was really yummy as compared to the mango soju.  Ordered platters of spicy and regular chicken wings, dubokki, seafood pancake (average).  Truffle fries and sweet potato fries (the all stars).
So far I tried kalbi, kim chi fried rice I think, seafood pancake, and truffle fries.  Kalbi is the usual, fried rice is decent, seafood pancake is a heart attack...way too much oil...a pool of it...Best thing in this place is truffle fries.Didn't try the drinks yet.Service is decent, food consistency...meh (but truffle fries yummm~)
Chicken was good, atmosphere was pretty good too. Was a little expensive but not too crazy, and overall its a nice place to go.
the food is overall good but way overpriced for wht it is ($18 for an order of chicken gizzards?) ... the wings were good but not over the top better than the next korean chicken joint... the sliders were really good tho...big comfortable space and nice bar. music kinda louder thn necessary but not too bad.. service was good/typical.
Soy garlic fried chicken nothing like bonchon..... more like general tso's. If u r in the mood for loud environ, this place is great. Lots of young college kids hanging out getting drunk. Mad for chicken has far better food and environment.
Their oysters are very fresh. We also had their fried chicken which is ok not a big fan of it. Their quesadillas is quite tasty!! Great service.Loud music & super cold ac!!
The restuarant/bar is located in a busy area. There isn't much parking available, but There are train station and bus stops near by. The Atmosphere is great, and the food is good. ESP their French fries and duringji tang? Food and drinks are on the pricey side. Most korean restuarant are. The Makguli mixes are super amazing! Very refreshing and light. Will def come here again soon.
Good service ,but I would not recommend their chicken wings ,too much flour and too deep fired ..
Finally hv some Korean bbq wings in flushing. Love this Plc. Love the inside decoration . Food is yummy . Highly recommended .
Great food. Truffle fries are great and so is the chicken. Food is quite pricey but worth the trip. They also have a nice bar and the scenery is good.
the environment is pretty nice & cute. ive been here 3 times already & i defiantly will come back more in the future! so far, i tried kimchi fried rice,chicken wings,sliders with pork belly, and fried rice with eggs & beef! (i forgot the names orders) kimchi fried rice: i would defiantly recommend! although it is spicy but tastes good! chicken wings: theyre pretty good! they have flavor but, it is a bit too spicy for me.sliders with pork belly: the pork belly is really good & adding some vegetables to make it less spicy.fried rice with eggs & beef: the egg mixed with the fried rice is super good! & the beef tastes well cooked!
Expensive but great food! Staff is awesome and has a nice atmosphere.
For a place that's supposed to be known for it's Korean Fried Chicken, it did not live up to it's name. For the price, there are many more places that have better quality and larger portions. That being said, the bulgogi quesadilla was delicious. The truffle Parmesan fries were delicious and definitely the highlight of the meal. The service and atmosphere was great. But overall, definitely better korean fried chicken spots in the area.
My wife had 2 friends coming from overseas and she wanted to eat at The COOP, I've never been there for dinner, so I was hoping the service was a lot better than last time during lunch (take out).  Got there at around 8:30PM, got seated right away and started looking at the menu.  We order the 20 pcs chicken wings 1/2 spicy and 1/2 soy sauce garlic, Japchae, Kimchi fried rice, Seafood Jeon and Nurungji Tang.  Everything was very delicious and service was excellent.  During the time the waiter was taking our order, he told us we were ordering too much food, so we didn't order the rice cake dish.  Everybody really enjoy all the dishes and all the waiters were giving us amazing service.  The decor is really nice at the COOP and there weren't many people eating there, since it's a Monday night.  Highly recommended!
I loved the garlic chicken wings and sweet potato fries! The price is reasonable! I'll recommend the place to my friends
I find myself a little more critical with Korean fried chicken spots because there are so many nowadays. Although The Coop is located in downtown Flushing, parking is manageable with the muni lots and random street parking. The location is in a trendy spot among the newer hotels. I came here on the day before Halloween and the decor was very festive! There is ample seating and my party of six was seated immediately. The service here is friendly and quick. We ordered the Bulgogi Quesadilla (conveniently cut into six for us), truffle fries, and the soy garlic chicken wings. In terms of being unique, the Bulgogi Quesadilla wins and was awesome. I have no complaints about the fries or the wings but nothing special to say about them either. I was surprised by the lackluster appetizer spread. Instead of seeing a variety of appetizers like kimchi, salad, etc., we had a tiny dish of pickled raddish for the six of us. Not the end of the world, was just expecting more. All in all, I think its definitely worth trying The Coop out; they offer a variety of other dishes in addition to their selection of chicken. Great atmosphere, good service, average food.
Best service and food! Soy Garlic wings, truffle fries and bibimbap were all delicious!!
Place is bomb. Everything on the menu top to bottom is great if not fantastic. Wings are a must every time. They are out of items sometimes, but haven't been in a while so maybe they are getting better at this aspect. Either way, my girl and I go every chance we get. Blows other chicken/korean establishments in flushing and even in the greater NY area out of the water. They really focus on service too which I like.
The food was delicious, especially the truffle Parmesan fries! The chicken was also good, but could've been better. I liked the little dishes that came with the chicken - it added some nice flavor. The mozzarella sticks were great, and as was everything else we ordered. I highly recommend!
Came here a few times, foods r just average, nothing really special or fancy, it just another typical Korean restaurant in flushing. Make sure u order wings or chicken first, they took forever to make them, even when it's not busy!!!!
This is a nice place to bring friends and sit around some food but the food itself is just OK.. definitly not worth its price if you ask me. There are better korean chicken places around flushing.The atmosphere is nice though. Just not impressed with the food.
My favorite was the seafood spicy stew. Amazing! They also usually give you shots on the house. I celebrated new years eve there. They had a karaoke contest and I won 3rd place! I had a splendid time at this spot :)
Perfect service! Very nice staff all d time ! Love d taco here n yogurt soju is d best'
I would come here every day if I could. Good atmosphere with great food and attentive staff. I've had my car each time so I haven't drank but people seem to enjoy the bar too
The decor is very nice and they have a beautiful bar . They have happy hour for drinks and $1 oysters.  Bulgogi quesadilla and chicken wings are my favorite. Do not order spicy if u cant handle spicy. Their spicy chicken wings are too spicy for me. I couldn't finish just one.
I would come here everyday. The food here are amazing. The wings are just so good.  The truffle fries are just perfect . Nothing bad to say about this place. So happy they made a Korean wing place here in flushing . No need to walk all the way to northern blvd
Was excited for this place but the chicken wings were nothing to rave about. We ordered the 50/50, half soy sauce and half spicy. The soy sauce was a bit bland and the spicy was ... well, extremely spicy. I think Mad for Chicken has better wings. But I did love their bulgogi quesadilla - something different but delicious, and their truffle fries. The truffle fries is a pretty large order AND the fries are super crispy :9 We also ordered budae jjigae and same thing, a bit bland and the serving size is tiny. I'd give it more of a 3.5 stars but not sure if I'd come back.
Like their French fries!worth a try,pretty awesome place with awesome design. Will come back again for girls talk here for sure!
went there once for lady night~ good environment and not bad food.  Could have more choices. anyway, good for gathering~
I went here for New Year's Eve and they had a karaoke night.  Great drinks, the staff was super nice, they offered us free shots.  Now on to the food- loved their Parmesan truffle fries and their wings.  In genera all of their appetizers are amazing, can't really go wrong.  Where I did go wrong was order the mozzarella cheese rice dish.  Their appetizers are great, the main dishes not so much. But I still recommend it.
I always come here for their bulgogi quesadilla & their spicy pork belly sliders! Also, instead of fries on the side, ask for the TRUFFLE FRIES. THEY ARE THE BOMB!
I came here with friends one night just for drinks. The bartenders were very nice and attentive. The restaurant was pretty busy, although we didn't eat we had a great time and love the place would love to come back and try some food one day.
Actually I wanna give them 3and half star. But their waitress r mad wired. In the beginning, they gave us the menu and we just checking on it, one waitress came and ask us to order. Im just curious what needed to be hurry? After we ordered, I requested for her to leave one menu on the table, she is like no because she is afraid the menu will get dirty lol. The wing are actually pretty good especially the soy garlic wings, but the spicy one are really spicy so be aware. Overall a good place to hang out with friends!!!!
Fun asian style fried chicken.  $1 oyster Happy hours and a mod-hip vibe.  Another reason not to trek into the "City" for food.
Came here for a friend's birthday. We reserved a table for a party of 10. They split us up into 2 tables at first. But we all wanted to sit together and socialize, so we asked to be switched to a bigger table. They were very accommodating and was able to do that. You get a free drink if you check in on Yelp! of course, I took up that opportunity :)The food is OK. The chicken wings were good, nice and crispy and had good flavors. We also had the octopus, the Korean stews and a variety of foods. The Kalbi we ordered was dry and over cooked, we ordered 3. They were very nice and switched it to the bulgogi for us. The bulgogi tastes a lot better!The spicy seafood stew was tasty and SPICY! But that is coming from someone that can't handle too much spice.Overall, the service and the atmosphere is good. The prices are more on the pricier end.
Flushing needs more late night places like this!!! Love the seafood soups. They're always good for sharing for at least 2 people and the pitcher soju cocktails are good for 2+ or just one, if you're greedy haha
The food was pretty good. I loved the truffle fries and the wings. It took a while for all the food to come out though but the overall experience was not bad. The bartender kept flirting with my friend though which was a bit uncomfortable (for him) and humorous for us and his girlfriend. If you want something spicy the kimchi fried rice will do it.
The 3 stars are given based on ambiance, food, and service. I will definitely touch upon cleanliness!Ambiance: this restaurant/bar is dim and modern. Most of the restaurants within this building of Hyatt Hotel are modern and trendy. They definitely let you feel like you transported out of Chinatown and into Manhattan. They have TV's therefore its a pretty nice place to just hang out and watch music videos that DO NOT go with the music they are playing. I was listening to an upbeat Rihanna song and the music video was a sad Korean song, haha it was very weird. It is very obvious their target is the young professionals and college students. The tables were places closely together, but I guess they had to in order to make enough seatings. The tables for 2 were pretty small, and you are seated on benches so "DO NOT LEAN BACK, YOU WILL FALL", which is weird at a bar because if anyone gets drunk then they are definitely tipping over, this is where they lost some points for me. Overall the ambiance is trendy and welcoming.Food: I tried the quesadilla, half and half wings (spicy/sweet), and the spicy pork belly. The quesadilla was decent, not great or terrible, but extremely moderate. This is where they lost some points with me too. I feel like they could have done more to make it flavorful and excite my tastebuds. They placed it on a white plate with a dip, but since the quesadilla was small, you see a lot of the plate. Maybe they could have used a smaller plate to save space on the small tables. The wings were crisp on the outside, juicy on the inside, moist and flavorful. I think they did a good job on the wings although I have had places that made it better. But its worth trying and going back for if you are in the area. Out of the three I was most satisfied with the Spicy pork belly. It was made very well, better than many places. They serve plenty of pork belly, if you order rice on the side, you will definitely feel full or satisfied in the end. Although this is a korean restaurant, keep in mind it is a bar, therefore they wouldn't give you many small side dishes people might expect. This is definitely worth trying and going back for. Service: Once you enter you will be warmly greeted and quickly seated. They are attentive and make sure to keep your cups filled with water or tea. They come around to check on you in a non-annoying way. The water is pre-soaked with lemons, which is great because I always enjoyed lemons in my water. The service wasn't wonderful, but it was good enough.The major reason i took away one whole star from the rating, is due to cleanliness. I had a dirty cup, I didn't notice until my boyfriend placed the candle right by my glass cup. That was when I noticed lots of watermarks, and stains. I felt disgusted after. Our spoons had dry rice stuck on it, and my boyfriends plate had some black things stuck to it, I tried to clean it instead of bothering them for a new plate, but the black thing didn't come off, it smeared all over. We were kind of turned off by this and decided to just eat everything the best we can and hope we do not get sick afterwards. Overall, I would recommend coming here with friends to just hang out and try a dish or so, but do not bring you date here. In case you come across dirty plates and utensils, you might not get a second date. haha...
Best Korean friend chicken in queens. Amazing service and excellent food. Servers are very friendly and if you go in a group they give some appetizers on the house.
Came here with a party of 10. Considering I've been to mad for chicken plenty of times for their perfectly cooked soy garlic wings, I did not expect much. I've been to numerous spots for their soy garlic and it was always a disappointment. This spot is actually comparable. Nice atmosphere. Even gave us complementary shots. The spicy wings are not as spicy as most places, so I definitely recommend. Truffle fries are on point. It's at a convenient location just across the street from 66. Coming back soon!
Enjoyed an excellent late nite post theatre meal on the rear patio of this great restaurant. The service was quite good and the food excellent.
Overall I will give them 3 starts. We ordered two dozens of oysters, oysters are very fresh. The wings are alright, spicy wings are decent; garlic wings are like regular chicken wing, doesn't taste like garlic.I will give them -100 start for their seafood pancake.
everything here was mediocre.  restaurant/bar design was decent but the food was a bit of a disappointment.  We asked to replace the regular size of fries with the truffle fries (how the heck do you eat all those fries of the side fries are mandated as part of the order? ! what a waste of potato) and offered to pay more but the waitress and manager refused... not very accommodating.
For the past few times here,  I ordered the chicken and I love love love the taste. The spicy is so spicy and perfectly tangles my taste buds. The sweet potato fries is perfectly cooked and I love the blue cheese that comes with it.  Truffle fries is amazing too and I love the cheese sauce.
The food here is amazing. Particularly the fried chicken! Drinks are really awesome too! Must visit if you are in Flushing!
Best wings in Flushing. Happy hour oysters. I like the bossam as well. One of the few places in Flushing you can watch the game, have a drink and have good food. The space is new, modern, and has a western bar/restaurant layout which you won't find in many places in Flushing.
Once again loved the food!! Short ribs sooo good. The oysters are top shelf !! So sweet and fresh. The owner ken introduced himself and seemed attentive to customer satisfaction. He even comp us a round of shots because of our postive feed back on the food. His dedication  will ensure consistent Quality!! nice guy!!
I came here on a friend's insistent recommendation and I wasn't disappointed. I brought my boyfriend here for our first date and it was perfect! The service is friendly, the bar is well stocked, and best of all: while the menu is varied, you really just can't go wrong with whatever you pick. We ended up having their wings and the special fries with a bottle of soju. The food came out pretty quickly and it tasted delicious. The portions were sizeable too as we ended up having to take some to go (really can't be wasting wings like those). The noise level is comfortable, the environment is chic,  and the owners are really sweet. I'd definitely come back again!
We order the half and half fried chicken.  It's really crispy and has a lot of flavor. The Parmesan truffle fries and pork belly marinated in a spicy sauce.
The not-so-hidden gem in flushing. The restaurant is honestly a breathe of fresh air. It isn't just your everyday Korean food and it is a nice break from all the Chinese options you come across at every corner. You will feel as if you left Flushing for a moment and entered a cute restaurant in the city. This is the only restaurant in Flushing that serves $1 FRESH OYSTERS during happy hours. Yes...HAPPY HOUR...which is pretty uncommon in Flushing to begin with. From wings to oysters to a variety of amazing cocktails, this is definitely the place to be from 4PM-7PM (M-F).Everything on their menu is unique and yummy in your tummies, but here are my TOP 3 (besides the wings/oysters) that you must try during your first visit, and trust me- it won't be your last.1. Bulgogi Quesadilla: A MUST. I am sure you've already read enough reviews about this. People are not lying. This is the bomb. This is the one dish I always get. It is perfect for one person. If your goal is to try multiple things on the menu, I would recommend getting this to share. 2. Mozzarella Fondue: HEAVEN IN YOUR MOUTH. I didn't really know what to expect when I ordered this. The combination of melted mozzarella cheese & sweet pumpkin just seemed like a weird combo to me since I've never a huge fan of mixing sweet and savory. However, this was the perfect combination in my opinion.3. Jogae Tang: WORTH IT. TRY IT. YOU WON'T REGRET IT. It's not just your simple clam soup. First off, it is huge so definitely share it with someone. Let this be a warning- they are not cheap with their clams.... or the veggies. I am actually more in love with the soup itself. The soup is so refreshing and tasty. It honestly goes perfectly with everything you order.
I really liked this place. Well priced and the vibe is relaxed and fun. Would definitely recommend.
Go during happy hour! $1 oysters and $3 draught beer! Nothing can go wrong with that!
Feels like sitting in the Manhattan Restaurant and Bar...Excellent Waiter, Waitress, Bartender and Wonderful Food!!! I'll go back to this place within this week. Two Thumbs Up!!!
Overpriced for a strange or unique dining experience. Food is unique, a mishmash of Korean and American dishes. The service is great, but you're paying a premium for ambiance, which isn't anything special. I like the place but they're off on their pricing, it's not close to a fine dining experience but a casual dinner for two will run you close to a hundred dollars and the seating isn't exactly very roomy.
This is a great place to dine with friends. Comfortable and fun atmosphere. The food is excellent and the service is even better. Kimchi Egg Roll is very good. Blue Point Oysters are great too. Oysters are apparently $1 each during happy hour.
I didnt know this place existed until my friend took me here. It was a very casual place. Not loud or not quiet. The portion of foods werent bad. My favorite food here was truffle fries!
Came here last night (Sunday) at around 8:00 PM, as expected we were seated immediately. Staff gave us the menu - went through it we know what we wanted after 2-3 minutes of sitting down. Staff were passing by, handing out food to everyone else around us and not one of them offered us a glass of water or asked if we were ready. I told my boyfriend, I'll give this place about 5 more minutes since he really wanted to try the wings then we'll leave. After 10-11 mins of being seated and waiting, someone finally came to us and asked if we were ready. Wings were delicious! Sliders and quesadillas were also good - giving them 3 stars for the staff.
Besides the happy hour deal, their stuff is way over priced for the quality of the food. I have tasted better Korean chicken wings before that cost way less. Their kimchee fried rice was unpleasant to be honest. You can get better and cheaper kimchee fried rice at any other Korean restaurant in the local area. The only thing you're paying for is the ambience. They have a great interior, but I wish the food was just as amazing. However their service is really great, nothing to complain about.
My favorite late night to go restaurant! Their chicken wings and gratin are so addicting!! Their staff is really friendly, but they don't really refill water until you ask. Their portion for the seafood soup and budae jigae is small, definitely not enough for a big group. Their drinks are good.
This is a relatively new place in flushing, so I came here to try it out. Overall, I was quite disappointed by the food. The ambiance follows suit to most LES bars/restaurants and the service level is on par. I had ordered the following items:1.  Gratin - "Stir fried rice topped with a mozzarella cheese béchamel sauce choice of grilled meat kimchi / bulgogi". Doesn't this sound amazing?!? I wanted to like it but I thought the execution of this dish was tactless. I think the main issue was the ratio of the mozzarella cheese relative to the rice and kimchi or bulgogi. It was literally like eating a bowl of cheese. If you are into just eating cheese, this dish would be for you. But instead of a 4:1 ratio, I would request to have less cheese and more rice and bulgogi, or at least a better ratio to equate to that perfect balance. 2. Bulgogi Quesadilla - I thought this was very bland. I had to add flavor to this with additional condiments. The flavors were underwhelming. I couldn't taste the bulgogi as it was overpowered by the cheese and flour. I would recommend adding bits of kimchi to give this a kick. 3. The Coop Wings - Half Spicy / Half Garlic: Nothing amazing. On par with most of the korean style chicken places (Mad for chicken, kyochon etc). For awesome wings, I would recommend debasaki.Disclaimer: My experience was based on this sample population of dishes. I haven't tried their other dishes and those may be a hit.
The Coop has good chicken wings and makgeolli (traditional rice wine), two things Koreans cannot get wrong.  The ambiance is geared toward upwardly-mobile trend-setters who like to spend money and hang out in cool places.  In the evening, the music and general noise level can be very loud.  The waiters are attentive, but may not get to your table if the place is crowded. Would definitely recommend to all the young hipsters moving into Flushing.
Expensive but good! Convient that it's right next to my favorite bar. Chicken  was spicy!
I ordered the soy sauce chicken and the truffle fries today. Ordered three orders of the 12pc chicken and two orders of the fries for six people. It was definitely enough and the total was around $78(including a $10 tip). Great ambience too and would 100% recommend this place
My husband and I visited The Coop during a foodie weekend in Flushing in July.  We had soju bombs, bulgogi sliders with fries and Korean Chicken wings.  The service from Jacob was fantastic, the restaurant is very clean and convenient.  The food was delicious but the soju bombs were the star!!  We definitely will go back and share with friends!
Came here because they were handing out $20 coupons in front of skyview mall. Their wings are pretty standard Korean fried chicken wings (like Bonchon), but super tasty nonetheless. The spicy wings are actually spicy (I love Szechuan food and these wings were hot..) and I enjoyed the soy garlic wings very much. Their truffle Parmesan fries were good, but order this to share because the taste gets tiring after a while (ordered this for 2 people with huge appetites and it was still too much for us)! Their whole chickens are okay, I really enjoyed it but some parts were a little too burnt (bitter) and maybe a tad bit greasy. I've been craving this lately, but it's so expensive so...Overall pretty good! The servers were also attentive and multilingual!
By far one if the best finds in flushing and it's new! Just went this week and love the new commercial buildings here in flushing. First of all besides the great location for any foodie to stumble upon, the decor and atmosphere is great. I love the dark tones in colors when you walk in. It gives the place a nice cooling feel and very casual but very neat and organized set up. The staff is really friendly and super on top of things. They are very well versed and quick paced and observant. The music adds to the place, very popping music. The food now the food is the best part! You have to go for the wings! All my friends love them and as a person who does not eat meat only seafood I almost caved after 7 years for those wings...so goooooo! The kimchi shaghetti is really tasty and the sweet potato fries and truffle fries are made to perfection and the speciality sauses are really great! The oysters are one dollar each during happy hour and super clean arererendnd delicious!
Good food, drinks and its affordable. Nice little spot in downtown flushing. Used the check in deal and order a free mojito(a tad TOO sweet but other than that it was on point)
The waitresses and bartenders have the best service I've experienced thus far. They are very attentive to my party of people. They have great upbeat music to listen to. I kind of wish they got rid of the tables in the middle to allow dancing to make it into a club or something hahaa. But I would definitely recommend this place for anyone wanting to have lunch or dinner, or to just drink.
This is my new favorite restaurant in Flushing. What makes this place stand up as oppose to other restaurants in Flushing is the amazing service. This place is super clean, the wait staff pays superb attention to your needs, and the food is great.I think everyone can enjoy the chicken and fries here. They only have four beers on draft, but at least they have Guinness (many Asian venues do not have Guinness because they don't know anything about beer).The ambience is great. A lot of Korean pop music, very enjoyable whether you're Korean or not. The place is very trendy and beautiful.Great for a group of friends or family. I highly recommend this to anyone.
the waitress and bartender are super friendly. the food is great and the atmosphere is so relaxing. the interior is really nice. they have a projector to show music videos on the walls!!!!! I love this place and I definitely would reccomend and come again :)
location: EH... i don't like the fact that it is in FLUSHING FLUSHING... its annoying to walk to let alone find parking..atmosphere: pretty cute... food: didn't get into the complicated menu and went with the kimchi fried rice and whole chicken.. my bf made his mission to finish the whole chicken... he did... he said it was pretty good but reminded him of the KFC grilled chicken.. LOLthe kimchi fried rice was good... i would def. get it againit was happy hour and the price was confusing...the regular menu offers 12 piece chicken wings... i forgot the price.. but the happy hour menu offered 6 piece wings for half the price of the regular menu... (not really a deal)Beers were on point... everything was served cold and not some lukewarm beeri'd probably come back and try the rest of the menu... i probably won't come during the weekends though since its hard to get to unless you are walking a distance..my tip- don't drive and you will have a blast :)
My time spent at the coop was a reunion accompanied with some of the most important people in my life so it was hard not to have a good time. The bar was very generous in giving us complementary soju bombs, which made the oysters taste even better. Plus the wings were good, def worth the wait. Check this place out
So I've been here twice and each time its been phenomenal. The staff is young and friendly. The food is great, I must say hands down the best wings I've ever tasted ever and the sweet potato fries are unbelievably awesome. Not only is the food and drinks great but the location and atmosphere is are great as well.
I would go to this place twice in a week if I could.  Their wings?  Awesome!  Their bulgogi quesadilla?  Amazing! I also recommend the truffle fries if you're really hungry.  The service has always been great whether you sat at the bar or at a table.  They even gave us free shots twice out of the 3 times I've been there.  (Don't go expecting that, just be grateful if they offer it.)  But overall I gotta say, that I've found my new wing spot.  Oh did I mention that they're open late everyday?
Bartender was so bar. He didn't take care me at whole time because there is hot girl who sat on the other side. I waited for my food to wrapping it up. I was so upset his service
I ordered the soy garlic chicken, spicy rice cakes, budae jigae (a/k/a army stew), and truffle fries with my friends. Everything was delicious and was to my liking except the spicy rice cakes. The rice cakes was the problem. It appeared as if it was frozen and defrosted quickly, which made it to be over cooked. But, the sauce and the sesame leaf was fine. The service was friendly and had a nice atmosphere. Prices were reasonable. The only reason why this didn't get a five star was because there is nothing that makes them special or distinguishes them from other places. Currently, there are so many places like this in flushing and ktown (32nd St.).... For example...In the event, my friend said lets go to x place instead of here. I wouldn't disagree and just say "okay". Why not make my friend happy? They are all the same.
The nicest restaurant in down town flushing. I love to go there with girls. The boss is very nice. Especially the bartender, he makes good drinks. I go there at least 2 times week. Always sit at the bar. Awesome place to hangout!!!
My bf and i was looking a good place to drink and stay low. Zebra was closed but we remembered tjat it was 1/2 off happy hr @CoOp so here we are. Ordered a sex on the beach and white russian. We needed a snack and ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries. OMG!!! THEY ARE TO DIE FOR! SO AMAZING. They give you two dipping sauce but good fries dont need dipping sauce.
I got a flyer last week while jn Flushing and decided to have lunch here today. It's 2 blocks away from the 7 train Main Street stop, in a brand new complex off Prince Street. They did a nice job with the space. Modern but not stuffy; I can see it as a late day hangout or casual dinner place. Lunchtime was quiet. The food was well executed. We had the truffle fries, bulgogi quesadilla and a large order of wings. The generous portion of fries were perfectly fried and seasoned. The quesadilla was filled with yummy beef; they did not skimp on the filling. The fried chicken wings were delicious. We got the large order of 20 and they were nice to let us have just 6 of those as spicy. The spicy was not too spicy - just a slight heat and didn't numb your taste buds. We really liked the garlic soy flavor on the rest of our order. The wings were crispy and lightly sauced outside and the inside was still moist. Everything we had was perfectly cooked. Give this place a try if you are up for an more upscale Korean gastro pub place in downtown Flushing.
Liked the cheap beers during happy hours.  Kimchi fried rice and the wings were great.
The service is like SUPER bad, not feel welcomed. If it hadn't  have been for the good/tasty food, I would have rated it a one-star. In general, just simply                                 BAD
I have never written a review before, but I feel that I must share on this.  Part of the dining experience is the attention to detail and service; I know this because I've spent the better part of my life in the service industry.  I hate to say it, but the food, albeit a bit overpriced, was actually quite delicious.  However, the overall experience left me never wanting to come back especially with all the other chicken places in flushing.I came for lunch with my girlfriend.  The menu was limited, but that's fine because I hate menus with a lot of options anyways.  Everything sounded good, but that was about the only good part of my lunch.  First miscue, I had to flag down a waiter to take our order.  I got the chicken special (can't have both soy garlic and spicy wings) and she had the bulgogi quesadilla, both came with drinks.  Second miscue, the guiness I ordered tasted sour, like either the keg went bad or the taps weren't cleaned.  My girlfriend found a fruitfly swimming in her soda!  Her food comes out, tasted pretty good and I was excited for mine.  I sit around for about 30 minutes, still no food while I watch others around me get theirs.  Mind you, in any normal restaurant the food of a table should come out together, AND when you see someone sitting at a table without food in front of them, shouldn't one of waitstaff think something is wrong?  I had to flag down a waiter to ask and he mumbled something like an apology then ran to get back and magically came out with my food right away.  Expecting wings with special dipping sauce and fries, I got overfried wings with ketchup and cold fries.  I angrily ate my wings, left the fries, and got the hell out. Needless to say, I won't be back any time soon.
I have ordered from them from flushingfood.com and their chicken were amazing so I decided to go to their store to try their other foods. Ordered a bulgogi gratin, which was good, a bit sweet because of the sauce. Their seafood jeon was pretty good. The seafood was very fresh. Their truffle fries was good and considering that it was an appetizer the amount of fries up get is amazing. The bulgogi quasadilla was pretty good. Overall the food was good, the only reason I gave it a four star was because upon arrival the waiter didn't give us water, we had to ask for some.
really great korean wings! definitely delicious, even with reheating them they were nice and had a great crispy bite to them. the quality of the meat was good too. prices were reasonable and the guy taking my take out order was very friendly. definitely worth a try!
Came here with my girlfriend on a Sunday night. The place had very nice decor including a cool projection screen off the wall which was pretty fun to watch. the staff was very mindful and courteous. The drinks were on point aka not watered down and tasty!! The wings were amazing. I'll definitely recommend this place to others!
The food is okay, but the service is really good! We had a really nice birthday party!!! Probably going back very often~~~
It's really sad to say but I won't be coming back after the first time I came. The only upside to this place is that yes the waiters are very friendly and the feel of the restaurant is very nice but in terms of food you probably could get better wings somewhere else. My boyfriend and I ordered very simple with just a  seafood pancake and 12 wings half soy garlic and half spicy. The seafood pancake was mediocre, it was literally full of scallion and there were only a few pieces of seafood. I wished there was more seafood in the seafood pancake. The wings were okay but as I said before you probably could get better somewhere else like dbsk or mad for chicken.
We always come on weekdays for the happy hour. Oysters are wonderful and completely worth it. I normally don't eat oysters because I've been fated to disgusting slimy ones but not here. The mussels here are very clean and fresh. $1 mussels during happy hour is a blessing. Good price on the draft beers during HH. Too bad some of the waiters don't even know what they have on draft, which is strange since their draft menu doesn't change.Chicken wings were unfortunately pretty average. Not very flavorful and the chicken was kind of hard. The other chicken places are better, which is disappointing since there's finally a chicken place in downtown Flushing. That happy hour deal on the wings isn't even a deal. Same price as the regular menu except you can order half the portion. Overall, everything is overpriced compared to the portions. The bulgogi gratin is good but it loses flavor after a few bites since it's mostly just the cheese on top giving it flavor. The kimchi fried rice is bland, although I'm not surprised since their kimchi is flavorless itself (kimchi comes with the gratin). The bossam was decent with a good portion for its price compared to everything else.The decor is beautiful but the seating is not comfortable. We always come as just the two of us so we get the tiny tables on the side. There's not enough space. These two-seater tables are placed too close together. You'll bump into the person sitting behind you if anyone tries to get up.  With the last two-seater, there's a larger table for 6(?) behind it. They literally had to climb over my seat to get to their seats. The two-seater tables themselves are too small. It's a problem if all of our food doesn't even fit on the table and I have to worry about knocking things over.Funny that the wall projection videos don't match the songs that are playing. Makes for some interesting dubovers.Service isn't the greatest, at least earlier in the day when they're not super busy. The waiters are off on the side chatting. It might be slow but you should at least still pay attention to your customers as you are chatting. Then they'll walk past the table to take care of one task, not paying attention to their surroundings. Shouldn't have to flag a waiter down for water when that glass has been empty on our table for 15 minutes. Or install those call buttons.The decor, HH beer prices + oysters are their saving grace at this point.
Nice place to hang out with friends with some beer. Their fried chicken wings are AMAZING!! Must get!! I will definitely be back to try the other food.
Very nice place, brand new and clean inside, serves good. The wings are best, I will come back soon.
Nice place. Bulgogi quesadilla taste great. Sweet and spicy chicken is a bit too sweet. Might try spicy and hot one next time
good taste of the food; the chicken wing combo with half and half, truffle fires and the hot pot of special cooking, and you have to try cocktail named forest. however, the waiters kind of busy, no don't notice you call them so 4 point out of 5.
Came on a Sat nite but not packed. In fact it was quite empty. Service was attentive. Food was good.
I had great time with my friend. Nice area, delicious food and modern hip interior...feels like middle of Manhattan pub.
Great food! Wings were excellent, as well as all the other dishes we tried. Great friendly wait staff and nice atmosphere within restaurant. Highly recommend!
Great ambiance, fun and young crowd!  The wings are wonderfully spiced.  We never had soju and our table enjoyed the peach soju pitcher.  Will definitely come back.
Love the happy hour drinks. The food is decent, nothing too extraordinary but we really like the ambience.
Foods arent overpriced given the reason that it sits next to the Hotel.Impressed by the beef quesadilla,its the must try. Didnt expect too much for traditional korean dishes but they turned out to be better than the fried chicken.For the same price you would get 1/3 more portion of chicken if you go to m** f* c******, and the latter tastes better.
Flushing development is pretty interesting and here at One Fulton Square you have three levels of restaurants connected by outdoor walkways inside a two building hotel and condo complex. It's the sort of thing that if I came upon it in Manhattan I might roll my eyes and mutter about gentrification but it seems like exactly what Flushing and Queens more generally need. Nice looking Chinese, Japanese, Malaysian and Korean restaurants and a rooftop cocktail bar make you feel like you're in a contemporary Asian city as opposed to other parts of Flushing that feel more like a time capsuled emigrant's memory of their home country circa 1980. In other words, the Coop feels a little more upscale and stylish than the average Korean restaurant on 32nd or Northern. There are no gigantic pictures of the food served on the outside walls; and Recent Kpop videos play projected on a wall inside. My wife and I thought all the food was good--not spectacular but really high quality meats nicely prepared. We liked the wings, the pork belly and octopus and the spicy rice cakes. The service is really attentive and professional.
Absolutely stellar customer service. The waiter knew the menu very well & explained everything. The happy hour is also extremely cheap. The food is a bit spicy but they give you plenty of side radishes & side dishes. Would come back again in a heartbeat
I came here with two girlfriends and we ordered a boodaejjigae, half spicy/ half garlic wings, whole spicy marinated chicken. Yes, we were starving. Portions were pretty big especially the jjigae. We only finished the wings and a bit of jjigae and chicken. Their wings were very tasty and crunchy but whole marinated chicken was kinda soggy. Boodaejjigae was a little bit blend. I am still giving this place 4 stars because their customer service was awesome. It was quite busy the night we went and the waiter forgot to bring us a can sprite we ordered. He later came back apologized for forgetting the order and not only did he bring us our sprite, he also brought us free shots of drinks. We received another round of free shots of raspberry gummy bear vodka (?) with another waiter or manager of the place and it was really really good. I thought it was great that these servers come around and check on the customers about their service. This place is very trendy and hip which is not easy to find in Flushing. I will come back to try some other dish here and def gonna order their wings again.
Coop is a new, fun, and trendy place! We went there to watch a Mets game, which they broadcasted from their projector onto their wall. The waitstaff were super friendly and attentive. They were engaging with our group and really wanted us to be comfortable and have a fun time. We ordered Chicken Wings (tasty!), Ribs Fondue (interesting concept, the cheese was great for dipping fries) and Parmesan Truffle Fries (the best and a must-try!). I think we ordered 4 plates of truffle fries because we could not stop eating it. LOL. We've told all our friends to try it out, and I highly recommend for you to give it a shot if you're in the area and looking for a cool, clean, and fun spot to chill at with your friends.. I only recommend adding more TVs to attract sports-fanatics looking for a fun place to hang-out with friends and buy a ton of food/drinks!
I came here late night. Which btw the hrs of operation is great. I had the parmesian fries. Pretty good, but the chicken wasn't anything out of this world. I prefer mad for chicken.
Great ambiance and vibe. Dollar oysters (happy hour 3-6) in flushing! I come here primarily for the bar after work and bartender Min is great. Friendly and hardworking staff on the floor as well. I love having Viniq and rumchata here. Not many (if any) bars carry these two liqueurs in the area.
good for a big groups of friend who drink and eat. food is excellent. service is great.
I went for my bday dinner few days ago with my friends , I loved the place. Food was amazing . I loved the truffle permasian fries most and other food were amazing!!!and last thing they gave a freeee shot on the house!!!will go again!!!
I came here on new years eve with my fiance and 2 of my other friends. We came early around 530. Place was not too packed at the moment. Waiters were nice and the ambience inside was pretty nice. We were able to order from the happy hour menu. It ends at 6. We ordered 12 oysters, they were $1 each, 18 soy garlic chicken wings, seafood pancake and truffle parmesan fries. I had a glass of wine and with a check in you can get a free drink. The wings were pretty good, but kind of small compared to other chicken places. Fries were delicious. The oysters were very good. They were quite big and juicy. I was surprised to find that kind of quality in flushing. Would definetly go back to get oysters next time. The seafood pancake was not good. We had to let the waiter know. It tasted very fishy and powdery. We asked to switch to a different dish. At first they said they will recook it to make it more crispy. But we were like ehhh we don't want it. Waiter than called his manager over. He then allowed us to switch to something else. We ordered the bulgogi quesadilla. That tasted so much better. The bulgogi was juicy and not dry. So overall I'd say the place and food wasn't too bad. I would recommend this place.
Awesome food. Great truffle fries! I love their dipping sauce! Love the wings so crispy and flavorful. Great service would def go back
Food was delicious. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our waiter wish I knew his name was fantastic. Surprised wait staff like this exists in Flushing.
i was sick when i came here and i had the clam soup. it was pretty good and really good with rice. the chicken was mediocre compared to debasaki or kyochon or mad for chicken. my thoughts of this place might change if i try it again but the other people i was with also thought it was okay.
I had previously visited this location with my friend and was please with the food. I decided to invite my family on 7/28/16. Once again I was please with the food and my family enjoyed it. It was not until I finished paying the bill that I was disappointed. The waitress Jinjoo approached me as I was leaving the restaurant asking me if I was please with the service. I told her yes and she stated that it was part of the restaurants policy to asked if we were pleased given that I didn't provided her with 15% of tip. When requested by my sister to show the policy, she refrained from saying it was a policy and said that the tip had to be split with three people. I have gone to so many restaurants and never was I asked to provide tip for all staff members. I asked to speak with the manager and was told that he or she would not be there until the evening. I received a phone call from Joseph saying that the manager would contact me the next day. I am still waiting. I will never come back here again. I felt harassed for just provided 12% of tip, if the 15% is preferred than it should be part of the bill. I will also tell my friends not to come here anymore.
4star for the ambiance.food wise. there are better ones out there in flushing
actually a positive 3, but 2 because it's overrated on Yelponly oysters and some drinks are worth it for happy hournice dim atmosphere with questionable pop music tastefriendly service
All of the employees were extremely kind and attentive. The food was delicious and the happy hour prices were great. We weren't expecting the spicy chicken to "actually" be spicy (coming from a Korean) but they were delicious. The chicken wings were the perfect crispiness and basically amazing. Although slightly on the expensive side, I would say the ambiance of the restaurant and the really good customer service makes it worth it.
Was so glad that there was finally a place IN Flushing that had Korean-style chicken, instead of having to take another bus to go somewhere on Northern Blvd or in Bayside for that. Love the decor and ambiance of the place. Service is also great, their workers greet you as soon as you walk in and are pretty attentive. Have been here so many times because I love the food. MUST try the bulgogi quesadilla and the TRUFFLE FRIES. So good. Of course, you can't fail with the chicken as well. Personally, I always like coming for the budae jiggae also. Definitely big enough serving to feed a couple of people. Can't forget about the drinks, too. They have a menu of mixed cocktails but they're also pretty willing to make whatever else you might ask for that isn't specifically on the menu, which I really like. I always go for either the red sangria or the mango mojito. I'll come at any time, whether it be a quiet Sunday afternoon or a busy Friday night or for happy hour. Really can't go wrong with this place :)
was browsing for seafood spots around flushing and saw some really positive reviews for gupji. ended up going for late lunch on a sunday with only one other diner inside the location. initially ordered the sashimi special with 2 varieties of salmon, hamachi and fluke, all of which were really fresh. you really could taste the excellent quality of the fish used the precursor to the entree - egg custard with shrimp - had a subtle egg flavor and was very good. entrees involved a whole bronzino and sea bass steak coupled with miso soup, rice, plum sauce, kimchi, and pickled jalapeños. both fish were delicately prepared and extremely flavorful. in addition to the complimentary salad with yelp check in, i was also given a free slice of cake at the end. don't even know what it was, but like everything else, it was fantastic! i know some great flushing eats and yet was pleasantly surprised and impressed by how terrific this place was/is. from the carefully appointed modern-rustic interior, lighting and spacing of the tables to the extremely high quality and delicious food, you could tell a lot of thought went into delivering a great dining experience for customers. best of all the host was extremely friendly and helpful with detailing some of the dishes i wasn't familiar with. do yourself a favor and support good people and great food. they deserve your business. this place is outstanding!
Seafood with a modern twist.Came with a group of 4 on a Thursday night, we were seated immediately and served free appetizers that included their house salad and steamed egg custard. Loved the dressing on the salad but I was more blown away by their steamed egg custard with shrimp aka chawanmushi. It was silky and smooth in texture, delicious and free! Both appetizers were a great start to our meal that included:- Sweet Potato Croquette ($6): Deep fried mashed sweet potatoes with a mayo-based sauce and takoyaki sauce drizzled on top. Comes with 4 pieces. They're covered in the perfect amount of breadcrumbs, not super oily and has a crunchy exterior with a generous amount of mashed sweet potato filling. Would order again.- Deep Fried Potato, Hash Brown, Cheese Stick ($8): Our plate came with 2 cheese sticks, a handful of tater tots and fries all sprinkled with dried bonito flakes on top and a drizzle of white mayo based sauce. They also bring you a side of ketchup. Tbh, I think it's really hard to mess up fries and I never had anything that wasn't good after being deep fried. Also, as a lover of anything-potatoes I can eat two bowls of this nooo problemo.- Chilean Sea Bass ($25): Not dry, perfectly moist, soft and nicely seasoned and grilled with their chef's soy sauce. The portion for one plate might be too small for a group of 4, it's a better portion to split amongst 2 people. Drizzle a bit of lemon on top and dig in. The meat just falls off and you can tell the quality is up there butttt as good at it was, it wasn't mind-blowing. As in, the the price is a bit steep. Might contemplate on getting this again next time if anything.- Hot Pot Fish Egg Rice ($16): Basically a bibimbap with different types of fish roe and vegetables served in a stone pot. You can scrape up the crunchy, nutty burnt rice on the bottom (nurungji) after you're done. It doesn't come with a sauce but the whole point is to really get all the flavors of the fish roes. Some might think it's a bit salty but this was pretty on point for me.- Sashimi ($24): Comes with thin slices/cubes of salmon, hamachi and fluke sashimi. Some pieces were still thawing as if they weren't completely defrosted when they were served and the overall portion was okkk. I kinda expected more from this, just cause I loveeee sashimi but was a bit disappointed that some pieces were ice cold in my mouth.Overall, I like how they have a simple menu. It just means that I'd expect a bullseye for each dishes listed on there, which wasn't the case. But, I did enjoy most of then including the sweet potato croquette, fries and the hot pot fish egg rice. Guess I'll just have to go back to try some of their other items on the menu. This is a great date spot or to eat a nice simple, clean meal with your friends. We left feeling happy-full, not the I'm-going-get-food-coma kinda full. Also, I wouldn't bring more than 4 people, just because of limited space and seating inside. Parking can also be a hassle if you're here during the peak hours since there are so many other restaurants around this area. Service is ok, the servers aren't super talkative or anything--hey take your orders, bring them out and let you be. I like that since it always rubs me off the wrong way when servers take your plates away and immediately assumes that you want the check afterwards. You feel rushed to leave that way, which is a pet peeve of mine. Anyways, will definitely poke my head in again when I'm in the mood to #treatmaself with some seafood the next time I'm around the area.
Neighborhood spot that I've been really wanting to try.  Went here on a whim on a Friday night at around 7:30 PM. Small and intimate, jazzy Korean music playing in the background and just a few tables. Great service and servers but the food wasn't all that it was hyped up to be.Sashimi special: fresh fish, sweet and sour soy sauce with wasabi was delicious.Mushroom, beef nabe udon: bland and one note.Fish roe stonepot bibimbap: salty from the roe but was definitely missing a sauce of some sort. Kimchi bits didn't have a place there.All in all, it was what I expected but wanted the flavor to be a bit amped up for a fusion, modern spot. Not sure if I'll revisit but the servers were great, tentative and nice!
We came in after watching the latest star wars moving in Fresh Meadows and wanted small dishes rather than big entrees. We got the wasabi octopus with seaweed, spicy tuna salad, and pan fried oysters. Before our orders came, we received complimentary egg custards. They were good but I still think Ootoya has the best. But being it is a free item, it's certainly not bad. The first dish that arrived was the spicy tuna salad. It was more tuna than salad and it's honestly not a bad thing. Along with the argula, there was thinly slices of apples and red onion. Halved cherry tomatoes added color to the salad. The spicy tuna itself wasn't too spicy but I suspect that we had to mix in the sirracha ourselves and we didn't do that. The next dish was the wasabi octopus and seaweed. This octopus mix may look bland but it packed so much invisible spiciness in there! The wasabi was present throughout. You have to assemble your own little bite -- a sheet of nori, some octopus pieces, and some cucumbers sticks. The wasabi spiciness is unique and addictive. I am not a spice fan and this dish was hands down spicy, but I find myself going back to it over and over again. When it got too spicy, I would eat the salad and the egg custard to balance it out. Even when we finished the nori and cucumbers, I was fishing for more of the little pieces of octopus from the dish. The pan fried oysters came out last. It also came with a dipping soy sauce of some sort. The oysters were uniformly the same size and relatively plump. It wasn't super special in my opinion but it didn't taste bad either. Maybe they can make it special by creating different dipping sauces. Lastly, service was solid and very courteous. However, their English is not the best so I relied on Yelp reviews and pictures to guide me on what I order. We also got seated literally right in front of the restroom. Thank God no one "really" needed to use it. Not the best seats in the house. Parking in the area was also hard to find on a Saturday night. So be prepared to drive around to look for parking if you're not taking public transportation.
The food is good here. They have a simple menu but a few different seafood selection. I got the sashimi. The tuna was not that fresh can tell by the color and taste. The salmon is usually always the same every place I've been to. The hamachi is pretty good but it was still frozen so I had to wait awhile to eat it. The sweet potato croquette is good, it taste a bit like curry. The GUPJI ribeye steak was cooked well. I liked how the steak tasted a little bit like sausages. The house salad is on point. I really liked it and ordered two of them. Ambience is nice. Small place with mellow music. Good place for a date. I think I would come back here. I was expecting more from the sashimi. If it was more fresh and less frozen I would have given it a 4 star.
Service is great, very friendly. Food is on par, we got a lot of salmon dishes as recommended by the waiter, love the pork belly grill, so good. Bit pricy tho, and place is not that big. Its a nice spot for after work drink and chit chat.
My friend and I had dinner at this restaurant tonight. We tried the hot pot fish egg and hot plate rice w salmon. Food was absolutely delicious! Both dishes had a spicy kick. Dishes were nicely portioned. We left w our bellies stuffed! Staff were super nice and friendly. Ambience was quiet and cozy. Definitely coming back here soon!
Great service and food. Gem in the area, nice place to hang out with friends and family. Food is more on the Asian fusion style. Will visit often.
My new favorite late night eats place!This isn't a traditional korean restaurant; they focus more on their seafood. The menu also isn't very big so every dish is basically made to perfection IMO. This place is also very small. Even though they're known for their seafood, I got the mushroom and beef soup & pork belly.I checked in yelp for their house salad. They also give you steamed egg as a complimentary appetizer. Everything was super delicious. I didn't expect the pork belly to be amazing but it was. This place is pretty pricey, but it's pretty worth it IMO. Will deff come back. My only complaint is that seating isnt flexible at all.My boyfriend and I walked in at about 11 pm and there were only two other parties there. We wanted to sit at a certain table because the only two party table was next to a bunch of drunks but the waitress said she couldn't sit us there just in case other parties walk in. There was about a few empty tables and it was late. This place doesn't get that much business so it was kind of annoying sitting next to a bunch of loud drunks & no one else came in during our stay there. We left around 12:30 am?Even though that rubbed us the wrong way, our waitress was still very nice.
Nice cozy little spot for some small plate eats. A new addition to the area that is already horrible for parking. If you're driving, plan ahead of time! I would recommend calling for reservations as well, since there is limited tables. I would not recommend large groups for this place. We ordered literally everything on the menu and the only one that stood out was the eel dish! (See photo). Plump and tasty. If you want a nice date spot or a spot to chat with a friend and catch up, I would recommend coming here. I do hope they add more things to the menu in the future.
Walking into the somewhat-dimly lit restaurant, I immediately loved the vibes. My friend and I came in a bit earlier than their opening time but we were seated with hot tea and were able to look at the menu. (Tip: check in to get free house salad, $6). Salad: spinach salad with tomato, mango, and red onion, and a light vinaigrette. A very light and refreshing way to start your meal. Fish Hot Pot Fish Egg Rice ($16): It was served in a clay pot and everything was nicely sizzling inside. I didn't really get a good at it because I just told my friend to mix everything up (sorry I was hungry...) Nicely seasoned and had an interestingly good texture from the slight crunch of the fish eggs. Chilean Sea Bass ($23): S O G O O D. Breaking off a small piece, you know right away how fresh the fish was. It was nicely seared, seasoned, (I hate using this word, i'm sorry but it's the only word that comes to mind right now)....but...moist...I really hate dry fish and I gotta say they prepared it really well. The one thing that might make this EVEN better is if they gave a bit more. For $23, I honestly was expecting more. But for the quality and freshness of the fish, it's kinda worth it. Kinda. Side dishes: kimchi, lotus root, soup (they only gave us 1 bowl, and we had to split), fish thing wrapped in egg omelette (?)...I actually got hyped up reading reviews thinking I would get more  side dishes, but this was all we got. Presentation of food: 10/10Service: given that we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time, the waitress was attentive and constantly refilled our tea.Overall, for the quality and freshness of their food, their price is somewhat reasonable. I would come to try their other dishes, but only order their seafood when I feel like splurging.
Cuisine: 7Service: 7Decor: 7Value: 7Overall: 7Cute little shop focused mostly in grilled fish, such as Mackerel, Belt Fish, Chilean Sea Bass, and many others. They do a pretty good job at it.  I also like their Sweet Potato Croquette and the House Salad appetizers.
What an interesting fusion of 2 of my favorite cuisines: Japanese & Korean!I really enjoyed the food here, and not to mention the service was great as well. They were very attentive, and interested to know what we thought of in terms of their food. We had ordered:- Seafood platter from the today's special: The seafood was very fresh and I really enjoyed the sauce as well.- Freshwater eel: I thought it was very good and it also came with rice and soup, which they offer free refills. They also provided complementary:-Congee: tasty!-Salad: sauce was really good as well!Ambience was amazing, and it definitely felt more like a city restaurant than the typical ones you see in Flushing. It's very cozy.Will come back again!!
Cute restaurant. I love that it opens til late. As for the food, I find that only their pork belly dish is good. Kinda overpriced. Their on the house salad and egg "dessert"? is really good. But that's all I could really say. I haven't exactly tried everything, but I was pretty disappointed in their fresh water eel.
The place is pretty small and the waitress wasn't flexible to assign the seat. The food was okay. The waitress recommended us the Chilean sea bass, it was delicious! We also ordered the eel, the waiter told us we need to eat with sesame leave and ginger with little bit of eel sauce, it tasted different from what I except "Eel". It was kinda fresh feeling for me. For all other foods was okay.
Saw some great reviews so I have to come give this place a try. It's a small restaurant with good looking decor, very woody and uses pipes for the electrical cables which look cool.Most complicated menu to read in my opinion. Nothing is really categorized.. it's just listed one after another and that was very confusing because there was fish and rice and meat all listed together.I had ordered the poke belly with sea salt and my girlfriend ordered the fish with fish eggs fried rice and we had some assorted fries to start. The pork-belly came out sizzling hot and it was very flavorful and delicious. Overall the food was pretty good, the waitress that helped was very nice and food came out in an orderly  manner. Probably a place I would come back to and eat in again.
Gupji is maybe a 20 minute walk from Main St. Flushing so it's pretty close to there if you want some exercise, but going back I would drive.  This place has a lot going for it.  Tasty food, a laid back atmosphere and NOT too overcrowded, and reasonable prices.My wife and I had the pork belly, fried shrimp with sweet potato and some oysters as a side-dish.  They served us complimentary house salad after I checked in on yelp and they also gave us steamed egg in a tiny bowl (that was good too, and free).I'll add some pictures but I do want to point out something my wife noticed: the two chefs in the back were doing every order on their own.  Maybe there were three or four other tables with guests and the two kitchen staff were cooking and plating food non-stop, and I'm sure all the dishes were great (because ours were).  I have no experience with the restaurant industry but I think that's pretty rare to see, and you can see it yourself too, it's an open kitchen.After going there I can see why it has an average 4.5 star rating, it's a great hole in the wall.  Also, they said they don't have a dessert menu, we asked. But I see some other people bragging in their reviews about getting a pumpkin / squash dessert.  Maybe you just have to be super cool or catch them at a certain time.
Came here with my sister after being out and about in Flushing with friends. It was a quiet night and there was only us and another group of friends dining at the restaurant. The space is small, but does give that kind of intimate vibe. Their specialty was their grilled seafood and my sis and I were intrigued to try some.We ordered fried oysters to start, grilled sea bass and the fish egg hot pot. The meal started with a fresh apple, greens, grape tomato salad with a sweet dressing and miso soup. The meal also came with a complementary congee and potato pancakes. The sea bass was grilled to perfection being crispy and moist at the same time. The oysters were a delight with a sweet and salty flavor. The fish egg hot pot was delicious as the combination of the three different fish eggs, rice and seasoning was a flavorful bite.The staff was very nice and very attentive to make sure our cup of tea was full and our tummies were happy with the meal. We will definitely go back again one day.
A big fan of GUPJI!My boyfriend and I came around 5:30pm for dinner on a Wednesday night. The restaurant wasn't very full, so we were able to get a table easily.We ordered the fish cake udon, spicy tuna salad, and hot pot fish roe rice. The udon and the tuna salad were pretty standard, but the hot pot fish roe rice was amazing! It's similar to a bibimbap - it comes with three or four different types of fish roe, some vegetables, and some sauce in a sizzling stone bowl. You mix it all together and eat! It was delicious; the seafood flavor was great and it wasn't too salty or bland.The best part about the meal was that it came with tons of free appetizers - we checked in and got a free house salad. Then the waitress brought us both a free chawanmushi (steamed egg custard with shrimp), free refillable kimchi and radishes, and then two free miso soups.The bill came out to be about $40 before tax and tip. Depending on your budget it might be spendy for dinner for two, but with all the free appetizers it felt like it was worth it. Will definitely come back and would definitely recommend.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. While their menu isn't super deep, they do a fantastic job with the dishes that they offer.  This place is known for their seafood and I really enjoyed their cod soup/stew.  The flavor is light but they did a fantastic job of letting the freshness of the cod really shine with their minimalist approach.Even though fish is their thing, they also did a fantastic job with their spicy pork short rib.  It was perfectly cooked and had a great crispy yet tender texture that really melted in your mouth.  The spicy sauce they use is also really addictive and is a nice contrast to some of the lighter seafood offerings.They also serve a variety of good appetizers such as their oysters and even their french fry basket was very tasty.  Even though this place may seem unassuming, the food is solid and the environment is very cozy.  I wish this place was a tad bigger but honestly that's a minor gripe.  If you want a mix of solid Korean food, good service and pleasant ambiance, this is a a great place to check out.
Very good foods and serviceVery delicious mackerel salmon, everythingFresh ingredients I love it. I'll come again
Stopped by for dinner with the girlfriend and the interior was pretty nice for a Korean place in Murray Hill. Not what you would normally expect.We got the spicy cod soup and pork belly dishes and both were very tasty. I really enjoyed the pork belly. The only suggestion I have is that they season the meat more before cooking it. It definitely could have used more salt.They have couple of drink specials during their happy hour which was from like 5:30-8:30 PM I believe. OB and Hite costs 4 dollars during that time and soju costs 7 bucks. They have most of the soju flavors iirc.All the food here is geared toward drinking but you don't need the drinks to enjoy them.I'd come here again just for the pork belly!
I found this place after searching for dinner places via yelp and I am so glad I found this little gem. Inside is small, probably sit about 20people and it's Japanese Korean fusion inspired food. And let me tell you helpers I am sitting here eating and I love the food. It really is that good. OMG... I a definitely coming back. Plus the service was A+. My two besties whom dine with me also agrees the food is delicious. Also they gave so many freebie and side dishes, soup, salad... just see the photos. I recommend all the food that we ordered especially the hotpot of fish and fish egg rice. Delicious. The eel is A+ too it melts in your mouth. Best fusion restaurant by far that I went to. I would give it more than five stars if I could. Come here you won't be disappointed. Say Jenny from Yelp recommended you here.
Small, but intimate place for a small meal.  Limited selection, but mostly tasty food.
This place offers two free appetizers before our meal which normally would have been $20.  Also the appetizer is very tasty.The main dishes are so amazing - perfect god's creation.I would definitely be back again!! Thanks GUP JI for the awesome meal !!
I haven't been back around this area for a while... so many new places opened up! This seemed like a cute place for a date if you're looking for somewhere nice and cozy. The food was not that impressive though. They didn't have that many options to choose from on the menu. We got a free salad and steamed egg that were complimentary to start the meal. I tried the cheese stick and potato wedges, some fried oysters (which I don't recommend getting.. it didn't taste that fresh). I also ordered a rice dish, mackerel, and pork belly to share. The portion's kind of small and the dishes are a bit pricey compared to other places in Flushing. Pork belly is fine, but if you're getting that I'd recommend going to a real BBQ place instead. There are so many other restaurants nearby that will fill you up. I think this was a pretty unique restaurant in the area but out of all the options around here, this wouldn't be a place I'd come back to.
I came here with my girlfriend. I ordered the steak medium rare and she ordered the salmon. The starter was a free salad we got from checking in on yelp. That was pretty good, flavorful with mangos and avocados added. Next thing that came out was a cute little steamed egg in what looked like a teacup. That was very yummy. The entrees came with rice, miso soup, and kimchi. I didn't love the place but it wasn't horrible. The steak wasn't special but my girlfriend did say that the salmon was really good. I wish they really had more side dishes to add to the experience. The best part of this meal was definitely the service because they were always on top of the water and napkins. Seating was quick too. Maybe because the place was slow but still have to give them credit
Love the cozy intimate decoy. This place is known for its grilled fish. We wanted to try the grilled Chilean sea bass but it was already sold out for the night. We got the grilled pork belly instead and it was delicious! Would come back again to try the Chilean sea bass.Note: check in on yelp to get the free house salad, it was tasty and fresh.
I have played biggest loser against my best friend and had to buy a dinner for losing the bet here at Gupji. We had a fantastic Korean grilled fish at Gupji over the past weekend. Never knew such a hidden gem would be in the good ole' neighborhood of Flushing. Samgyupsal was served masterfully and freshly grilled from the kitchen and deliciously grilled Eel was served in Japanese izakaya styled marinated in sweet & salty(soy?) sauce which I really enjoyed. Also, deliciously grilled Brazino was served with wire thinly sliced pimento sprinkled on the top. I really liked the simple and neat visual of the dish. The bistro also serves Kwak beer, which ironically bears the same name as owner of the bistro Mr. Kwak himself. Lol~.I highly recommend this place if you have tried Korean traditional meal 'HanJungSik' and liked!
I enjoyed many kinds of Great Japanese izakaya style food with one of best sake "dassai 23" So far I have visited twice, I see great improvement overall service. I cant wait to see how much further this place can improve food and service!!
Been here many times and just love this little hidden spot...great service at all times and food never disappoints love it
I love trying new places and it is a perfect place to eat especially since it closes late. The waiter was so nice and attentive whenever we needed something, also very knowledgeable and suggests his recommendations. Definitely try the pork belly and sashimi! Although I wish it had more items on their menu.
This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to with my wife. You can check in to get a free salad and sometimes there is complementary steamed egg and miso soup. We always order the Chilean sea bass and pork belly.. seriously the best thing ever. The chef is great and sometimes give us complementary entrees. For the quality of the food served here, the price is excellent. Check for the occasional specials on the menus, they are usually delicious. Today we got the soft shelled crabs and concha salad along with our usuals. We always leave this place happy and full.
A nice place to visit, great service and the foods are pretty good, my ordered a grilled fish and steak, both are out standing
Coolest spot for late night drinks and hangouts in Murray hill. The food is very well made. Mango house salad was absolutely delicious! AND it was free! Though the assorted fried appetizer wasn't too memorable, and the hot rice pot w fish & pork belly was just okay. The sea bass was excellent. This isn't a traditional dinner spot, but rather good for little plates/appetizer size bites to snack on while getting wasted. Great for group drinking, open super late. Prices are moderate; their apps are ~10-15 while entrees (grilled seafood or meat) are 20s. Small restaurant, nice staff.
This was a really great spot! The entrees were on point and the service was nice too. I recommend the bronzini and their special beef steak.
Come here often. Great little hidden spot in flushing just a one minute walk from the Murray hill lirr station. Great place for a date or catch up with a friend. Intimate setting. Tv always playing latest sport game. Food is healthy,clean and fresh. Homemade fruit soju. Seems like a trendy manhattan spot in flushing. The cream cheese salmon salad and the mango soju and my favs
Amazing dinner experience at Gupji! Got a free house salad when I checked in and it was delicious. Super small and cozy place, but you can really taste the effort that goes into each individual dish. From what i could tell there was pretty much only one chef who was doing all the cooking, but everything came out fairly quickly and every single dish, including the side dishes were great! I wish, they had a little more variety on their menu but it was an amazing and surprising find in a neighborhood full of big kbbq type restaurants.
Bronzini is my favorite. This place is hidden jam in Flushing. Every single piece is thoughtful and delicious. I pretty much go this place every evening with fellow workers. I love here so much.
Amazing food - great place for date night or cozy night w a close friend. Has limited seating which made us feel more special and cared for!
This place is a hidden gem! It's a little small, and is more suitable for a small group or just two. The food here is delicious and fresh, and I'm not a fish lover! I would definitely return and recommend to friends, you won't be disappointed.
I stopped in on the long drive from the Hamptons to Manhattan. A great little place on a block full of interesting places.  I had grilled mackerel, which was delicious, as well as wasabi octopus with sushi seaweed to roll it in.  In a strange way, it tasted like the gefilte fish and horseradish of my youth,  probably because their wasabi tasted like good horseradish.  Got the complimentary salad for checking in with yelp (or at least trying to, as i shower the waitress), as well as that egg custard thing with a bit of shrimp thrown in.. Saw some good looking fried shrimp someone else had. Then walked over to Coffee Factory for dessert, then back on the Grand Central Parkway, a few pounds heavier.
I don't understand why people are rating this place with 5 stars.I came here with with my uncle and dad and we were not satisfied. The dishes are so expensive when they only give a small portion. Not a lot of side dishes either. We felt like we were in Manhattan.
I ate al-bab,seafood combination,fresh water eel and pork belly. Everything was perfect and nice salad and dessert.I want to try another one next time and I strongly recommend this restaurant.b
The boyfriend and I stopped by yesterday for dinner at their opening time. We ordered the spicy tuna salad, and pan fried oysters for starters, and had a branzini and the Chilean sea bass for dinner. Everything was delicious. The branzini was the best I have ever had- crispy skin, flaky, moist, mild meat, with freshly squeezed lemon, just exquisite. Chilean sea bass was buttery, fresh, the glaze they used was soo yummy. Our meal also included some small vegetable side dishes, soup, and some fried fish meat that was on the house. Their soju/sake selection was impressive.. as for beer, they have my fave Aspall dry cider! Yippee. Interior decor was so wonderful on a cold winter night- old school light bulbs, brick walls, carefully selected plateware.. even the music was on point. We will definitely be returning again. Oh, and finding free parking was a breeze. Afterwards, you can take your date to Caffeine Fix or Coffee Factory nearby. I am so happy to find a place near my home.
Great place to have late night dinner with sake and Sonu.  I really like coming here with family and friends.
So the food is not cheap and the portion is literally baby size. Taste is also not great the spicy dishes are literally just spicy and salty. I ordered spicy pork skin dish and it was by far the worse food I ever ate. Bathroom was my friend for the next 5 hours. Please go elsewhere
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about it, the foods,4)3 sake, the service the free extra dishes we got...open kitchen was fun too watch them serve hot foods right out of the kitchen. Def my new favorite Korean place!!!
Love it!!! Such a nice restaurant in Flushing. Enjoy time spent there. Food absolutely goooodd!!! Very detailed and deliciousss ^ ^ love their salmon! Will definitely go back again with friends . ;)
Best sea food place ever!! The salmon and sea bass are to die for. I've been to this restaurant three times and I haven't tried something that wasn't good or looking great. Definitely worth to try. Besides the amazing food, the servers are very nice, polite and on point.
Good and calm atmosphere.Good sea food.Good beer and sake. This place offer good korean food with a little taste of japanese izakaya. Not for people who love korean BBQ but those who appreciate korean cuisine besides grilled meat will enjoy this place!
Excellent food and service, can't remember exactly what I ordered but I think it was the Glazed Red Snapper and the Eel dish(only one Eel dish), total came out to be $40. Also receive 3-4 service dishes from the chef. He came up to us and thanked us.
the albap was the best ive had around.  interesting use of various different fish eggs brought out a unique flavor.  the mackerel jorim was awesome. nuf said.  their pumpkin desert was well done, simple, yet sophisticated.  cant wait to try out the other dishes they have on the menu.  great for either grabbing drinks with a group or for a nice cozy date.  service was fantastic as well.  strongly recommended.
Came here base on Yelp review. Not your typical Korean food. Perfect cooked and grilled seafood is as good as it get. Fresh and well seasoned. Great food presentation. Good attentive and friendly service. Will go back and try out other dishes.
This place is the kind of gem that I only want to keep to myself. The food was unique, authentic and all the right kinds of amazing. The service was both attentive and sweet.
This place is fantastic, not what you'd expect in Flushing.  The foods were fresh and tasty.  Their grilled Chilean sea bass was to die for.
I felt tearful.. Father, mother, daughter, son-- one family working nonstop morning to night making steam rice roll that they had to eat bread for lunch during rush hour.I came in around 11 am for a late breakfast and there was a mix of foreigner and locals lining up for the delicious steamed rolls. Having a place like this in a highly competitive foodie town such as Flushing topped with a intensive labor work is tremendously hard to keep up in the long run. Coming from a hospitality background, I know how hard it is for the family to do this everyday... every minute..Back to food~ Do not compare this to the shrimp steamed rolls at Dim Sum places because the outer skin made from rice flour is much thinner. Texture wise, it is different. I do enjoy this as my breakfast because it doesn't make me completely full. It is a great choice to start on your Flushing Food Tour.
3.5 starsWe ordered the small pork rice rolls with egg and scallions ($4) . It was super cool watching them make it from scratch. The actual rice roll was smooth and I loved the texture but the flavors were a little too plain for me. It's a small shop with about 8 booth seating
Tasty steamed rice rolls (beef, shrimp, roast pork, plain or fish balls) that offer free add on's like corn, cilantro, scallions, bean sprouts, or lettuce.  Choice of 3 add on's are optional. If you add egg it's $1 more. Sesame seeds on top.  Sweet soy sauce comes on the side to pour on.  This is a food item that you usually see at dim sum places, but the rice skin is thinner and more "melty" with less bite.  If you're into lighter fare this is good.  I got the beef with cilantro and scallions, and the shrimp with egg, cilantro, corn and scallions added.  I think I was over-ambitious for a first timer and should have listened to the purist in me...less add-on's would've let the flavors come thru better.  The small is $4 and the large is $6. Next time I'll try the roast pork with cilantro and skip the egg.  This is a small family run place that's part of a mini-mall across the street from the New World Mall on Roosevelt.  The people are nice.  Limited seating so I got mine to go.
My boyfriend saw this on yelp and he wanted to try it. We happen to be in flushing and decided to come here for breakfast. This place is small. They share the space with other vendors. It's not very ideal to dine in. They have about 8 bar stools in front and it's first come first serve. But people usually don't stay more than 20 mins as these are more of a quick bite than a meal. To be honest there is not special about their rice noodle rolls. It is about the same from the carts in Chinatown. In fact I think it is kinda pricey for rice noodle rolls. I had the rice noodle roll with fish balls and peanut sauce. I also had the one with beef. Both was decent and tasted like other rice noodle rolls I had at other places. If I came back I would try their crepe or pancake. Maybe it's more worth for the price than the rice noodle rolls.
Popped by Flushing for the Lunar New Year celebration, and stumbled into Joe's.Space - Located at the entrance of a mini mall, Joe's counter seating is limited to 10 people.Steamed Beef Rice Roll - When I first saw Joe making the rice roll, I was reminded of rolled ice cream. Joe pours rice roll mix onto a huge sheet pan and evenly spreads it to all corners. He then layers on the toppings, rolls it up, and shoots it into a huge steamer. A few minutes later, Joe pulls out the pan, cuts the rice roll into bitesized pieces, layers on the sweet soy sauce, and voila. Waited 8 minutes for it and downed it in 30 seconds. Chinese Pancakes - Tried one with crab meat, egg, and lettuce, and another one with sausage, egg, and lettuce. I usually go with sausage, but crab meat won me over on this one.Soymilk - Ordered fresh soy milk with sugar, and found it to be a little thick for my tastes.Will definitely be back for more steamed rice rolls.
Really great place for rice rolls and huge portion sizes. This place is pretty hard to spot unless you actually look for it, but is definitely worth it. It's also cash only. Came around 3pm and we were able to find seating, but wouldn't count on it during rush hours. We ordered two "small" size rice rolls to share and we could barely finish. Rice rolls with the curry fish balls and HK/peanut sauce: a must try! The peanut sauce was amazing and pairs well with the rice roll and fish balls. For all rice rolls you can add three vegetables for free or an egg for $1, but per the staff's recommendation we didn't include any veggies or the egg. Pretty glad we didn't as the flavors might become overwhelming if you add to much to this rollShrimp roll with egg, scallion, corn and lettuce: really enjoyed this rice roll as well. It would probably be second to the rice roll with the curry fish balls and is quite filling. I had skipped a meal, but still couldn't finish this roll even in the "small" size. Would recommend putting egg in any of the non fish ball rice rolls though as it does add extra flavorOverall would highly recommend this place. It's super affordable (most of the small rolls are only $4 and are extremely filling) and really tasty/unique
Hole in the wall: checkPoint and order: checkOrder ready in under 5: checkDelicious je need sais quoi: checkAmazing broth: checkToo much food for $8: check
This spot like many in Flushing is a well hidden gem.  Honestly, I walked by it like twice before I finally found it.  In all fairness I was also panting with excitement and probably not paying the closest of attention.  Immediately upon walking inside I was mesmerized by the whole process of making a steam rice roll.  I stood there for a solid 5 minutes just open mouth starring trying to understand the symphony of movements needed to make this dish.  First a huge ladle of batter is poured into a large sheet pan and placed inside the steamer.  As swiftly as one goes in another cooked one comes out and gets the full treatment of necessary requested ingredients.  In my case, BBQ pork, an egg ($1.00 extra), scallion, cilantro, and corn.  It gets carefully rolled up using two pastry scrappers and then gets divided into perfect bite size pieces.  The finishing touch involves a quick once over with some soy sauce and boom perfection is served.I can not tell you how much I loved this.  The consistently of the rice roll is just out of control.  It is difficult to describe but it's incredible like nothing I have ever tasted.  Every bite had little pearls of pork, brightness from the cilantro, saltiness from the soy, and chewiness from the roll.  I am so blessed to be able to walk here from my apartment.  And did I fail to mention that this marvel was only $5.00?!  I shared a small with my mom and it was more than enough for us.  So forget about that old boring BEC and get on this new 2018 breakfast treat....or lunch....or dinner...or snack.
What  a pleasant surprise!Joes steamed rice rolls are made fresh, right before your eyes. I ordered one small beef roll which came with 3 toppings. I chose  scallion, cilantro, and corn. I also got a small dried shrimp  order with the same 3 toppings. The blend  of flavors with hosin sauce, soy sauce, and peanut sauce and roasted  sesame sprinkled on top was such a great breakfast! The rice rolls are thin and delicate. You can add an egg too! Additionally, I got to watch their pancakes be made while eating. What a great experience!It gets a bit cold with the door  being opened and closed, but the food will take  your mind off it. I found that the small rolls  were a good bargain because  my friend  ordered a large  and his plate looked the same, but had thicker rolls.The owner, Joe is really nice! I ordered 2 orders of the beef rice rolls  to go for my parents. Gotta share the good food! Looking forward to trying more flavors in the near future.
Is it a trek to get here from Manhattan? YES. But mmm it's so delicious. In Flushing, they automatically speak to you in Chinese so I was able to get by...but it sounds like from the other reviews they are ok with English as well! I love shrimp rice rolls from dim sum so that's what we went with, their fresh shrimp with scallions and cilantro. So yummy. We stopped by here before we had lunch somewhere else and shared a small size. It's so fresh, and made right in front of you... I just wish they weren't so far away!! I could easily eat 2 plates of this...:) Easily shareable though as they cut it for you!
Most delicious rice rolls I have ever tasted! Doesn't even compare to rice rolls on a dim sum cart. When you walk in you can see the owner making rice rolls to your right -- tedious looking process. In learning about the restaurant, we found out that Joe purchased a special rice roll steamer which makes the rice rolls extra delicious and juicy. His rice mixture is also the perfect mix and combination of flours. We ordered the beef and egg rice roll and it was a big enough portion for two people to share. It was moist, savory, and perfectly spicy with a little chili oil on top. DEFINITELY going back!
No frills bar seating inside what looks like a small shopping center in the middle of flushing. The space was reminiscent of Taiwan where we ate around the chef in night markets. So, how are the steam rolls? AMAZING. You can't get this quality in Brooklyn. They are fresh and made to order with a large variety of toppings. My favorite is the beef with egg, lettuce, and corn with sesame seeds and soy sauce seasoning. The curry fish balls with peanut sauce was really good too. Being the fatties we are, we also ordered a pancake with fried pork and egg, which was also made fresh right in front of us. Salivating ensued. This is my ultimate comfort food. Not a great place to bring more than one person since seating is limited but awesome for a quick bite!
Joe's does it right. The rice rolls were delicate, thin, fresh and made within minutes, tasty, etc.. They give you the option of adding an Egg  for $1 which I highly recommend. The egg is intermixed with the noodles and it just adds some extra tasty protein. I ordered one small plate and they were so delicious I had to get another one. First order was with fresh shrimp and cilantro and egg. The second order was the curry fish ball order which was different since they top the rolls with the peanut/curry sauce. Can't go wrong with either choice quite frankly. "I call it like I eat it."#Refereeats
It's definitely worth of try if you are in the area. I thought I wouldn't like it but it was dang delicious.I come here at least once a week to eat the rice noodles. It's freshly made for you on the spot. It's not pre made! It's fresh! Love it!I have work at 11am so my friend and I come here in the morning to eat if I'm not late for work. I always order the shrimp rice roll with corn & egg.My friend always order beef rice roll with corn, egg, lettuce and scallion.The rice roll are thin, it come with a sauce on top and hot sauce on the side if you need. Also their oden soup is the bomb! I love their soup! They have fish ball, and etc. I only drink the soup so idk exactly what's there..They have this crepe egg, spam and etc I think. Mostly the time I went there is the lady who makes it. I highly recommend everyone to try!They don't accept credit card! ONLY CASH
CA$H ONLYLocated by the front door of a small shopping-mall kind of building in Flushing, this place makes you custom-ordered rice rolls in the matter of minutes.  You choose the type of meat and vegetables that go in the rice rolls, and voila, you'll have your steamed rice rolls in only a couple of minutes.Because they are made to order, I think these tend to be fresher than most rice rolls at most dim sum places.  They have some bar-type area where you can sit and eat the rice rolls.  Be sure to put any vegetables that you'd like in the rice rolls--it's not like they're sprinkled on top, so the vegetables' flavors will seep into the rice rolls.BTW, if you come here after looking at the owner's Instagram, don't be fooled--he often posts food that he's eating, not necessarily the rice rolls he's actually cooking.  Kinda funny if you think about it.
Love their freshly made steam rice noodle!!! It was the perfect breakfast on a Saturday morning. This place is semi a hole-in-the wall located inside this mini mall with other shops around. You can't miss it though since it is the first thing you see on the left side when you go inside. Soft, smooth, SILKY, tasty, flavorful. I can find more adjectives to describe their noodles but you get my point heheYou can choose your choice of meat and veggies to go with the rice noodle and WALA you get the most amazing taste inside your mouth. I could have this everyday if I live in Flushing!They pour soy sauce in the plate of noodle, but it wasn't enough for me, so I added more to drench the noodles just the way I like it. The soy sauce is soaked up by the noodle so quickly that I needed more hehe and I love that their soy sauce is not that salty.They have coffee and tea here as well. The staff is super nice and friendly. Don't be afraid to let them know what you want in your fresh plate of noodle!
Good food. It lives up to the hype. The steam rice rolls are delicious. You can choose three ingredients in the roll which I thought was great. I had shrimp rice rolls with sprouts, corn, and green onions. The Chinese crepe is also good too.
A+ spot. Joe is lovely and makes your order right in front of you. I go for the shrimp and love the textures and flavors of the dish. Really filling and an overall great experience every time.
This is the other of the two fresh made-to-order rice roll places in Flushing.  This is the better one of the two, although if you just want a simple rice roll with one filling, Fu Yuan will get that to you for around $2.50.  Joe's prices start higher, but you get a larger portion and you can add lettuce, corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, and green onion for free.  And these add-ins make a big difference in the final taste.Between Joe's and Fu Yuan, I'd choose Joe's every time.I'm deducting a star because their curry fish balls were pretty bad.  For $1, you get four small fish balls.  The fish balls were luke warm and the curry flavor was minimal.  I wouldn't order them again.
great place for fresh rice rolls, they've expanded since the first time I've been there. I always get a large beef with scallions. you can add an egg for an extra $1 but I opt out since I'm not a fan. The workers speak English and understand English which is great. Not sure if it's cash only. They have stools for you to sit and eat at the location facing the display. It's a little expensive in my opinion ($6 beef large rolls) but it's pretty tasty and soft. I would recommend this place to everyone to try at least once. They make coffee and Chinese crepes now. I'll try those on my next visit.
Whenever I come here (which is probably once a week), I always leave satisfied. Service is quick and fast--great when you're on a time crunch. There's a few stools for you to sit on (about 8) but it gets pretty crazy around rush hour (12pm and 5/6pm). Turnover rate is quick though, so if you want to sit and eat, just simply wait. I've tried their curry fishball and rice noodles but this one is a bit salty. Their beef rolls are my absolute favorite, other than getting a bit more toppings, there's not much difference between small or large, so I usually go with the small. I've seen them do crepes before but have yet to try it. Store hours are: Monday: 11:30am - 7:30pmTuesday - Sunday: 8:30am - 7:30pm
This is probably the best place to get steam rice rolls in flushing! The shop itself is pretty small and it shares a space with a couple of different stores, so it's kinda hard to miss sometimes. You can customize what you want in your rice rolls by selecting a protein first, then up to three toppings and additional more for $.50. They let you add an egg to it as well which i think is the game changer! And lastly, they top everything off with soy sauce and sesame seed! The reason why I love this place so much is because everything is made on the spot and it's super fresh. The large is $6 but honestly that itself is really super filling! They also have savory glutinous rice balls, which they also make on their own. They have soy milk and tea egg as well. In the case you don't want to customize your own rice rolls, they have a bunch of preset items on the menu. They even have fishball with peanut butter sauce!!!!! Overall, I highly recommend this place especially for breakfast or an early lunch. I believe they close pretty early or until they're out of everything.
There were 2 ladies on line only when I stepped inside, but soon the place was packed within minutes. This old lady cut the line... Whatever. It's too cramped to argue.I ordered a small shrimp rice roll with corn and cilantro as well as a Chinese crepe with sausage. I had no idea sausage meant hot dog, but perhaps that was the right "meat" to choose since literally everyone before and after me chose "sausage." We were able to find seats at least, since it was raining that day, might as well eat inside. You can see everything that's going on which is actually nice. All the rice rolls are made fresh unlike that other place nearby. These rolls are so soft, delicate, and delicious! I really like how thin the rolls were. The shrimp was fresh, the corn added sweetness. $4.50 for a small isn't too pricey considering that it has shrimp. The soy sauce is not that salty and that's all I needed to enjoy them. I definitely should've tried this place sooner. It's the best rice roll I've had. These probably would've been good eaten cold as well but I can't say the same for the other place. Theirs gets so hard...Their Chinese crepe is pretty good, compared to a few I've tried in Flushing. It was a bit difficult to cut up without a knife. I'd suggest you eat it wrapped up instead of it sitting on the plate. They add sesame, lettuce, scallions if you want. The hot dog added a bit of saltiness, otherwise it's a bit plain. Meat is $1 extra. Crepe is $4. Cash only. Would've ordered more if they used cards. We thought it was kinda funny that after the crowd was gone, they had a quick lunch break of McDonalds. I'd rather eat freshly made rice rolls instead of highly processed food!
I might be addicted. I had a hard time wrapping my head around the idea of putting lettuce and corn in steamed rice rolls. But I will eat it any which way now. It. is. all. good. I like my rice rolls plain, which only comes in one size. I don't need no curry fish balls or beef or pork or shrimp..and dare I say it, not even an egg. They just cloud what I really want -- pure, glossy, carby, slippery smooth, thin sheets of rice in sweet soy sauce. Heck, they don't even need to roll it up. It will enter my mouth just the same.I hope they become more than just a stall. I can imagine an entire sit-down restaurant for just rice rolls. If it can be done for Thai Hainanese chicken in Elmhurst (Eim Khao Mun Kai), then why not for every mouth watering delight?
My partner and I came to Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls on one scorching July afternoon, and I loved, loved it. I got the large steamed rice rolls with eggs and shrimp, if I recall correctly. I remember feeling amazed at the silky, soft texture of these dishes and how the accompanying soy sauce made that more prominent on my tongue. There are only several stool seats at the front counter for eating in. But if you can snag one, it's worth staying and watching how the staff workers here make your rice rolls. It's one of my favorite dim sum dishes, so I jumped at the opportunity to get a jumbo version of them here.
For a small shop they make they food fast and right in front of you. The rice rolls were pipping hot when ready and it's just mesmerizing to watch them make it so quick and easily. Affordable and simple. Beef steam rice roll was good.My favorite is the Curry fish ball rice roll with peanut sauce.If you get the large it's just more of the toppings, the rice roll portion is the same as the small.Seating is limited.
Impressive....I have been eating steam rice rolls since I was able to walk as a child in Hong Kong.  That is roughly half a century. This place is legit.  They use stones to grind the rices into liquids to steam them into pasta.  It is smooth.  I like bbq porks.  The shrimp is good as well.  I like the old fashioned style with pasta and protein only.  The sauce mixture is good.This place is excellent.  Be here or be square!
1. Watch them make the steam rice rolls. It all happens on a large tray that they steam with all your ingredients. Totally fascinating.2. Order the fresh shrimp steam rice rolls. The small is actually largely sized.3. Douse it with their brown sauce: don't know what this is, but it makes the whole experience even better. Light, tasty, delicious.5 stars!!!!!
It's like having the best parts of dim sum easily available! My favorite every time I go to dim sum with my parents is always the steam rice rolls! This place makes it right in front of your eyes in less than 5 minutes! So delicious and affordable!I also ordered the Chinese pancake(煎饼果子） from here as well! Fast and friendly service.Great price Vegetarian options available
I went to NYC for a trip, and stumbled here while walking around with a friend... went in, and they made my order fresh and by far, the best steam rice rolls I've ever had in the US! The owner was crazy funny, and super nice! He even laughed at me for taking pictures of the steam rice rolls before I started eating it... haha! I'll definitely go back when I'm in NYC!
I like this place to pieces! I used to work in the Chinatown area where I first discovered fresh steamed rice rolls in the little carts you'd find on the corner of Elizabeth or Bowery - I miss these so much since moving to the west coast! They were relatively inexpensive and a staple in the community! It was such a pleasant surprise when Joe's opened in flushing offering the same feeling of comfort in an expanded way! The sizes are hugeeee and the options are plentiful with choices for beef, pork, bbq pork, shrimp, curry fish balls etc. - and a variety of toppings to choose from like cilantro, corn, scallions, bean sprouts, egg (extra), and sauces (soy sauce and peanut sauce is where it's at!). You can even add curry fish balls to your order (4 for $1). It's nice that the menu has both english and chinese (in a very organized and concise manner) so consumers can order with ease. This is literally one of my favorite things to eat and I'm so glad it's reaching a wider audience!  There really is nothing like actual fresh steam rolls and it's hard to find good places. Joe's does a tremendous job with service and quality. You see the staff making your order and it's definitely a treat! Now, when I come back from the west coast, I have to get some! I won't soon forget the street carts that provided a lot of the breakfasts I consumed when working in Manhattan, but Joe's is an awesome awesome addition to the flushing community and I'm glad Queens has an excellent fresh steam roll place to boast about!
Talk about cheap eats!!I mean, YES! Where better than flushing, queens to get yourself some fresh and tasty dirt cheap great eats? Nowhere, the answer to that is nowhere.Joes steam rice roll has been in my saved photos of "places I need to go to" and it has finally been checked off. And boy am I glad that I went. They did not disappoint.I've always gotten the steam rice rolls at dim sum restaurants, it's one of my favorite things to order, so you can imagine my excitement when I discovered that there was a spot specifically for the rice rolls. UBER excited.any way you have about 8 options with a choice of 5 free veggie add ins. I ordered the beef & the BBQ pork, both small orders which, have you, are pretty big! It's $4 for a small and $6 for the large. I added bean sprouts and scallions. They were both so damn good I wanted more but needed to contain myself.I'm drooling just writing this post, and you know what...I might just go back there today.Like now...See you in an hour !
I love the dim sum version, and Joe's does it better! The made-to-order steamed rice rolls are tasty and fresh with your choice of protein, egg, and two vegetable fillings. I've tried the BBQ pork and shrimp versions, and both were very flavorful. However, I'd recommend the bean sprouts and cilantro as the choice of veggies for a tastier filling - it seems that even though scallions is an option, there were already scallions in them as default. I also tried the Chinese crepe with sausage (aka jian bing), and it was also good, probably one of the better ones I've had in NY!Seating is tight and limited but people eat quickly and my friends and I were able to grab a spot at the counter after only a few minutes. I'd imagine this place getting super busy during peak lunch hours.
Must try if you are in the area! My slippery boyfriend & I split the large shrimp rice roll with corn, scallion, & cilantro (you can pick your own 3 fillings), added egg & topped with sesame seeds & a side of chili oilSoooooooo good. You can see the sign for this place on the street next to the bank, but is actually part of a c small market/shopping area. There are only 5 seats at the bar along the front of the kitchen where the rolls are made fresh right in front of you.Super quick & yummyThe people working there were really friendly.Definitely coming back
This place is AMAZING! I've had a lot of rice rolls, and this is pretty much as good as it can get. Ordering was super complicated in a good way because you have a lot of choices - first you pick something off the menu (pretty much what meat you would like), and then you pick what you want to go inside it, and then the sauces as well. We got BBQ pork added with egg, and then we got it with corn, green onion, and bean sprouts. For sauces we got the normal soy sauce, peanut sauce on the side, as well as chili oil. It was delicious. The steamed rice rolls were so fresh and so good! It was $7 including tax, which is definitely a great deal. Delicious, delicious, delicious; highly recommend![Side note: this is my 1700th Yelp review!]
Fresh rice rolls!! The rice rolls are made as the orders are put in.  It's quite amazing just to watch the rice rolls being made.  I'm glad you can watch them make it, so you know that you're getting the freshest and cleanest ingredients. Many of the choices are about $3 for a small and $6 for a large.  I would say a large hits the spot but then your left wanting just a little more.  I ordered the beef rice roll (large) and it was the freshest rice roll i have ever eaten.  The large rice roll comes with 3 choices of vegetables, I chose corn and scallions.I'm not sure how this place is like if it were busy, might be a long wait?  It appears they only have one rice roll maker.  I came here when the shop was completely empty and my order was made in less than 5 minutes.  I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in the area or whenever I'm craving rice rolls.
Dim dum rice rolls will NEVER be the same! I came here this morning to pick up an order before leaving NY and heading back to CA. I've been wanting to come here for the longest time and finally got to try it on our last day here. I saw a video on youtube featuring Joe's and I wish I came here earlier this week! I got to watch the lady make the rice mixture on their special mill while the guy made my rice roll order. I ordered the BBQ Pork Steamed Rice Roll with added egg ($1) and veggies (bean sprouts and scallion - free). It was so fun and interesting to watch the process of making the rice rolls. I LOVED how thin the roll was; dim sum ones are always too thick for the amount of filling OR too thin and rip/fall apart. Joe's were PERFECT. I liked the added egg and bean sprouts too! They also give you the side of sauce to pour over (I took it to-go). Make sure you check out Joe's when you're in Flushing! It's located across the street from the New World Mall inside a store with more stores/stalls inside. Labeled "MIO" on the overhang. I couldn't find it for the longest time!
Oh, the steam rice roll. These are my absolute favorite at dim sum, and when I heard there is a vendor that makes only these, I had to see it for myself! This small stand is located in the Miolife black awning directly across from the New World Mall entrance. There is an electric sign flashing "open" to let you know they are there. I heard that the store hours had recently changed, they are open at 11:30am now. Today I stopped by around 2pm, not crowded at all for lunch time. Some of the orders were taken to go, and well packed in plastic tupperwares and plastic bags. They take your orders quickly and the wait is not bad. I ordered the pork rice roll (large $6, small $4) which came with a choice of 3 free vegetable toppings aka filling (corn, cilantro, lettuce, bean sprouts, or parsley) and an optional egg for a dollar extra. Sesame seeds as a topping are optional and free. There are no tables, just a bar eating area that has enough seats for about 8 patrons. Since the vendor is located right by the door, it can get chilly as people enter and exit, and also you might feel you are in the way as deliveries are wheeled in on a handtruck (I had to move from my seat twice today so the guy could wheel the heavy packages out).I ordered in English but did not realize the guy was calling my order in Cantonese.. lol. He noticed me looking up from my seat and asked me if I ordered the pork. "Yes," I said, and he passed me my plate smiling. It was a good snack to tide over my hunger. The rice rolls were so soft and thin, still piping hot from being steamed. Everything tasted super fresh, the lettuce still had a good crunch to it, the corn was sweet and plump, not stale or hard. It was delicious! Too bad I spotted the container of sweet soy sauce too late, I would have drowned my rolls in it! They also have vinegar, and sriracha sauce on the counter if you need it. I can't wait to try everything on the menu here! I was fascinated by the process of making the steam roll; the guy who does it is so efficient. Now I can have steamed rice rolls anytime (not limited to dim sum time) to my heart's content! I took a star away because there isn't much seating and this type of food does not taste as good if it isn't eaten right away. I would use the "take out" option if there were a place I could sit down and enjoy my food (park bench somewhere?) Also, I am not sure if this building the vendor is located in has its own restroom.
On Christmas Eve, called ahead to pick up! Wow! Great service. Ready when I arrived. Pancakes was the best. Flakey, crisp dough. We got 1 with sausage but it was actually a hot dog, not good. Would've preferred lop chun (Chinese sausage). Plain was very good. Now to the rice rolls. We got shrimp, pork and fish balls with curry sauce. The shrimps (25/30?!)were large whole pieces. Ground pork was pretty good as well. Added cilantro and bean sprouts to both. Made a big difference on taste and texture. Added a nice crunch. The curry fish balls had a good amount of curry flavor unlike other places I've had. All were large size, great deal for the portion. Will definitely be back. Very nice friendly people.
Different than what I'm used to, but there is absolutely nothing wrong with freshly made steamed rice rolls. Came here ordered the beef and egg with scallions and was so happy that the food options in flushing are increasing in their options and diversity ( as far as Chinese food is concerned ) enjoyed the freshness and how soft the rolls are, and the flavor of all the add-ons in the rolls. Would definitely come back here would personally like to see the rolls a little thicker maybe more add-on option
The food here is amazing. Ordered the shrimp rice roll, beef rice roll, Chinese pancake with sausage, and soybean milk. My favorite was the Chinese pancake - the combination of ingredients and sauces was delicious. Plus the soybean milk here tasted very authentic. Highly recommend.
This is as close as it can get to the steam rice rolls I've had in Hong Kong, they make it on the spot for you, the store is very small inside a small plaza so you might miss it. The process of making rice rolls always impresses me, I love the peanut butter sauce they have and the rice rolls are so chewy and delicious.
Absolutely delicious. One of the best steamed rolls I've ever had, if not the best. While there's only a few meat options to choose from. There's a ton of combinations you can creat. The meat options include pork, roast pork, beef, and shrimp. They also have a plain option. Then you get to choose 3 of the 5 different veggie add-ons for free. You can also add an egg for an extra $1.  They have a large and small option. The difference is the amount of meat you get with it. They also make a pretty good curry fish ball.  Each order comes this soy sauce and peanut sauce on the side.The prices are too bad about $6 for large and $4 for a small.  There's a few chairs there if you want to eat the rolls fresh from the steamer. Otherwise with the container provided you can easily eat it on to go.Overall, great prices, great steamed rolls.  Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a quick cheap breakfast or lunch!!!
Learned about the store on Instagram and all the pictures posted about them, made my sister and I visit the place for the first time a few weeks ago.They have different types of steam rice rolls and you can add corn and meat for extra costs.Once you order you can see them make the rolls and it's always interesting to watch.When we went the place was packed with people eating. The place is located in small little place on Roosevelt Ave in Flushing. Definitely one of the best rice rolls I have ever tasted. The skin was nice and thin as it's hard finding places that make them that thin. Normally it would be pretty thick with little fillings. The proportion was just right and the flavor of the rolls are pretty mellow, which is great because I personally don't like it when it gets too salty. But of course if you are the ones that like more flavor, they do give you soy sauce on the side, so dip away~
Rice roll craving? Joe's your guy! Compared to the other places I've been too, I believe the quality is better. It's thinner which I prefer and you get a choice of 3 free veggies and $1 more for egg if you want. You can't go wrong with the curry fishball rice roll! I took a star off because of the seating it's not ideal. They are the first stall right next to the entrance. I went during winter so anytime they opened the door I felt the cold air. Other than that food is bomb.
Absolutely love it here. It's freshly made and quick. The ingredients they use are fresh! In and out in about 10 minutes or so. There's limited seating. My sauce sauce is their peanut and hosin sauce.
I came here because a couple NY friends told me about their rice roll.  I like how it's right there nad you can watch them make it.  Another thing I like is that we can choose up to 3 veggies to put inside, which is awesome! The steam rice roll place in LA I always go to doesn't have that option :(Anyways, the steam rice rolls were pretty good, I do admit that I've had better, but it still is good (don't get me wrong).  The rice rolls came out quick and there is a condiment place if you want to add some spice or extra soy sauce!
Freshly made steam rice rolls, can be regarded as noodles to the Chinese community. Amazingly delicious yet affordable, great dish for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great job Joe! Keep up the good work. Wish you can have seating for more people... Hopefully soon you will be able to have your own space! Looking forward to it!
The competition for Cantonese rice rolls in Flushing just got even hotter. The crown for best steamed rice rolls in Flushing has been placed on Joe's head.Food: I tried to order as much as I possibly could to try everything. As it has been said repeatedly, happy wife, happy life, and we both found that Joe's was the best experience for steamed rice rolls we've ever had in the entire City of New York. Yes, this includes lots of places in Manhattan's Chinatown, Brooklyn's Chinatown, and downtown Flushing. Yes, I am aware of the immensity of this statement. The thin layers of Rice Roll wrapped in nearly perfectly crafted ingredients makes this space truly remarkable.Service: the guy behind the counter actually working on the food is a Cantonese speaker who happens to have hired staff who speak Mandarin only. I had to choose my language channels repeatedly, but it got the job done.Decor: this is a food stand within a space that has a coffee shop, general seating, and some clothing retailer. I shall return.
Few seating available. Most people order to go. A bit over priced in my opinion, but the steam rice rolls are amazing. Usually a line in the weekend, but the wait is not too bad. Two toppings of your choice are included in your order.
Can't believe I never wrote a review for this! I was so happy to see another rice roll place pop up in flushing. It's located inside a "shopping" alley (? Not quite a center), more like a cluster of food vendors and clothes retailers. You see therm add all the ingredients in front of you and pour the liquid mixture on the flat pan, into the steamer. Add egg! (Best tip of the day)I waited a really long time for my order, which is the only complaint I have, but there's only one person steaming so who can blame them?The wait is worth it! Ask for the peanut sauce along with the soy sauce! There are only a few seats here but you can take it to go and sit at the New World Mall food court across the street (but don't tell them I told you -- or at least buy something from there first!)
YOOOO this place is a steal!great price for a lot of good foooooodi recommend getting the Large (it's the same size as med/small but more meat inside)i got the bbq pork and shrimp which were greatit's also just really cool watching them make the rice rollsFor 10 bucks you can fill up easily. Delicious. make sure you ask for some hot sauce / chili oil on the side
I was mad hyped for the actual food but was disappointed by how crappy the shrimp is. The shrimp from corner 28 dimsum is better than this. The shrimp they use is the frozen ones you buy from the supermarket, doesn't taste fresh and juicy when you eat it. Been wanting to come here for a while but they are never open early!!! I work in flushing & Churngfunis a breakfast-y food for me, and they are NEVER open early enough before work for me to get it. Yes I can try after work but I don't crave it for dinner.. I feel like they would have a lot more business if they opened earlier for breakfast. Overall would not get this again. Yes the quality is better than most places in flushing, its made to order and it is fun to watch them make it.. BUT I think the reviews on yelp are a bit generous.
It's interesting to witness how steamed rice rolls have evolved since I was little. I used to pay $1 for plain rice rolls with peanut sauce and a couple dollars more for fancier versions during dim sum weekends. Now, both versions are easily accessible whether through street vendors or a small booth like Joe's.The booth is situated in a boutique mall on Roosevelt Ave., right by the entrance. Seating is limited as they only have 3 bar stools arranged before counter space that is too narrow to hold their serving plates of choice. However, it is nice sitting there and observing them while they throw your 3 free vegetable selections and choice of ground meat onto the flat steaming pan.  We ordered a small beef roll with scallions and lettuce, a small pork roll with bean sprouts, lettuce and cilantro, 2 orders of curry fish balls and a pancake with crab meat. For a small $4 roll, they give quite a lot! More importantly, they were made to order and extremely silky and fresh. The free vegetables surprisingly amped up the rice rolls a lot more than expected.  I would advise adding bean sprouts for added texture in your bites and scallions and cilantro for aroma.On a bad note, I thought the curried fish balls were mediocre. Not spicy at all and the sauce not thick enough to coat each ball.  The pancake was blah: very greasy and no wow factor.  Stop by for the rice rolls and rice rolls only!
The place is a tiny shop inside of a store, it's basically the cashier and three stools at a small counter, think you are better off eating it at home. The rolls seem expensive at first but the rolls are pretty large so the price isn't terrible, I ordered the small shrimp and it was $4.50.The food:Shrimp Steam Rice Roll with Egg, Scallion and Corn- Overall, I thought this was just OK, I felt like everything was rather bland. The dough itself was nice and light, but the flavors of the ingredients didn't really do it for me. The corn was a mistake since it really just tasted like corn straight out of the can, there was nothing added to the corn at all. The scallions were a non factor, the shrimp didn't really have any flavor and the egg tasted like how steamed egg would taste. This is nothing like the steamed rice rolls you get from any respectable dim sum restaurant. Also, I asked for hot oil on the side, the hot oil packs a punch. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
It's rare to find a place that will make plain cheung fun (rice rolls.) Plain as in the quality of the cheung fun better be damn good - soft, fresh, slight chew and doesn't leave a funky aftertaste (lots of refrigerated rice noodles do.) This has been one of the very few places that makes it HK style - plain, sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds, sweet soy and peanut butter sauce on the side. They'll even toss in a small bamboo skewer like the way it's served in HK street vendors. It's cool to see they have a rice grinder and make the batter fresh. Really interesting to see how it's made and quickly assembled. I just wish they made 'zha leung' / rice roll wrapped around a fresh chinese cruller occasionally found (and botched) in dim sum places.
Always walked by this spot but never realized they had such tasty food here! It's conveniently located right by the subway stations on Main Street, Flushing.There are a variety of different steam rice rolls available with the option of having lettuce, corn, bean sprout, scallion, cilantro and egg in it. I had ordered the dried shrimp with lettuce, cilantro, scallion and egg. The rice roll was very soft and thin, which was very delicious. I had opted for the combo of peanut sauce and soy sauce for the dressing.Highly recommended!
What a treat. I've been eating rice noodle rolls practically since I came out of my momma's womb and I've never had them like this. Fresh made to order thin rolls with custom toppings...ingenious!You gotta watch them make these glorious thin rolls - they pour the batter and your selected ingredients onto a sheet pan and it gets gently steamed into a rice noodle. The way they work the batter and form it into noodles is mesmerizing. A beautiful process to witness!They're glutinous, soft, squishy, and flavorful, just like you'd expect them to be.Ordered mine with beef, egg, and scallions. The egg wasn't really necessary unlike some other reviewers suggested, but definitely opt for a good protein of your choice and scallions. Definitely getting in on the corn next time too!I should also mention as a non-mandarin speaker, I was grateful for English-speaking employees. Not always the case in Flushing unfortunately.These bad boys are dangerously good. So good I'm kinda glad I'm from Jersey. Eat more rolls, gain more rolls. Is it worth it you ask? Hell yes! Go to Joe's!
I am deep in love with this steamed rice roll! I have digestion problem, so recently I was exploring a light, gluten free but still nutritious snack. When I tried for the first time, it just melted in my mouth and smoothly digested. So I felt great after I ate. I chose shrimp, sprouts, cilantro as toppings. Veggie toppings are complementary. The seating was limited and little uncomfortable, so keep in mind when you bring somebody with you. Hope this place gets popular soon and expand to a bigger place! The owner speaks in Chinese mostly but he seemed like a good person.
Small little strip in a larger store on Main Street. There are a couple stools for people who want to stay but it does get a little cramped so I recommend having it to-go. There's a menu of the different rice rolls on the TV (no menus to go YET). You select the main filling (pork, beef, BBQ pork, curry fish ball, dried shrimp, shrimp, or just plain rice roll. Then, you have the vegetable options: corn, lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, and scallion. They give you three vegetable options for free. I opted for the beef rice roll with corn, cilantro, and scallions. They make it right in front of you so that was exciting to watch. There was a good portion of beef and veggies in the rice roll, most places skimp out and only put a couple pieces of meat but this place definitely gives more. It's a pretty solid taste, would definitely recommend to coworkers who are craving some churng fun!
There aren't too many places that make steamed rice rolls in front of you. I thoroughly enjoyed this place because you get to pick your meats and even additional vegetable toppings! Service was fantastic - both a guy (the cook) and a girl were very friendly and checked in from time to time. There were only four chairs and a small narrow table to eat on, but for a quick snack it's not a big deal. The portion is huge. A small for $4 isn't bad when the roll is deliciius, fresh and generous. It's placed on a plate so presentation is better than those places that throw them into a plastic box, which winds up making the food look all mushy and gross.  I liked the soft yet non gooey texture of the steamed rolls, and the beef had great flavor with the addition of eggs, scallions, and corn. We also got the dried shrimp, which in my opinion lacked a bit of flavor. The beef one won this one! Come if you want a quick cheap snack!
Yooo... Joe's Steam Rice Rolls is mad lit. I'm so glad I discovered this place from Yelp! I was really hungry this morning and I just happened to be in the vicinity. The exterior of the place is not really appealing, but good rice rolls invite a steady stream of business. When I try new places, I like to start with basics first.I ordered a Plain Rice Roll w. Corn, scallions, cilantro, and bean sprouts. I really like the texture of the rice rolls! It's glutinous, soft & squishy (hehe), embedded with veggies,  drizzled with sesame & soy-sauce, and piping hot and fresh from the rice roll making machine. There was this warm homemade feeling. I got it in size S, which was already filling enough for me. I wish there was some peanut sauce, and hoisin/oyster sauce. The flavor was pretty basic(basically like eating glutinous rice), and I really enjoy the "biting" flavor of the soy sauce. Customer Service does not affect this review, but I felt it was rude when the lady(prolly the boss) was like, in a low voice, "don't give too much topping.." in Mandarin right in front of me. wtf? I can understand Mandarin lmao. Vegetables are not that expensive, especially in flushing. *rolls eyes* Train your employee behind the scenes, not when your potential loyal customer is right in front of you. Overall, I really, really, really, enjoyed my rice roll, especially the texture. I've enjoyed the rice rolls at Fu Yuan(around the corner from Coco's), but I always thought it was sort of lacking. The answer was in the texture.
This place is AMAZING. I'm so glad it's located in the heart of Flushing. Not gonna lie, according to the address here it was a little hard for me to find at first because it pointed me to a office building..after staring at the building for about 5 minutes I looked to my right and there it was! The place looks very small on the outside but the inside is not bad. There were about 3 people working, one in which I believe is the owner. The lady that helped me was very friendly and spoke great English. Basically you choose the type of meat you want (Pork, Beef, BBQ Pork, Curry fish ball, Dried shrimp, (you can also get it without meat)) and then 3 side ingredients from the 5 (corn, lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, and scallions) and then you have the option to add an egg in there for $1 more. There is a large option for $6 and small for $4. I went with the large because that's the way to go. You can also watch your rolls being made which I thought was quite mesmerizing. 5 minutes later, I was presented with delicious rice rolls. I honestly didn't think I would be able to finish the whole thing but I devoured it in like 47 seconds. It was DELICIOUS! I plan to come here again and again...will recommend!
Growing up eating rice rolls from street carts, rice rolls have become a staple of my snack diet.There is now a place that makes fresh rolls, and you can add whatever toppings you want.$4 for a small, $6 for a large.  Toppings included in the price are scallions, corn, cilantro.I usually just get the classic dried shrimp with scallions.Takes about 5 minutes or so per order if there's no other orders ahead of you.  You can watch the chef in action spreading the liquid rice mixture into the steamer and sprinkle your requested toppings.Small seating area in the middle of the mini mall.
Joe's rice rolls are quite unique as I have never had them with corn and scallion before. It's also made fresh to order and the batter for your rice roll plus toppings are poured and mixed together in the steamer. I came here right when they opened Sunday morning and really wanted to try the curry fish ball rice roll but unfortunately, they didn't have any fish ball so I ended up getting the beef rice roll and opted for the corn and scallion toppings that everyone gets with no egg tho. Regular soy sauce (not the sweet kind) and hot sauce were given but next time I have to remember to ask for extra hot sauce. The rice roll was smooth and tasted pretty good, I actually prefer this kind over the ones with the peanut sauce. The staff here are very friendly and answer any questions you may have about their rice rolls. Definitely going back soon to try the other flavors and toppings they offer with an egg this time and the curry fish ball that I didn't get to try last time.
** 3.5 stars **Freshly steamed Cantonese rice rolls are one of my favorite foods, and it takes some looking around to find places in New York City that do it, and I'm still looking for one that can come close to places in the GTA in Canada, which are good enough to spur regular family trips just to eat, or just proof of how dear this humble food is to us.Joe's is one of the street-side vendors in a small indoor mall, across the street from the Roosevelt Avenue entrance to New World Mall.  Their specialty are Cantonese rice rolls, the rice ground in a stone mill, the batter poured out on a metal tray and steamed.  Those rolls make up the majority of the menu, which includes curry fish balls, tea eggs, and Chinese pancakes.Assemble the rice roll order by choosing from the following:- Size: medium or large (latter fills up a standard 9-inch styrofoam plate)- Main filling: shrimp, beef, pork, bbq pork, curry fish ball, dried shrimp (or plain, one size only)- Additional fillings: corn, lettuce, scallions, bean sprouts, cilantro, egg ($1 extra)- Optional sauces: soy, hot sauceMade to order, they'll come hot.  The rolls are very thin and wrinkled in appearance.  Mouthfeel is smooth, with quite a bit more chew than expected.  The flavor is bland, with less of a rice aroma than might also be expected considering the rice is milled on-site.  Sauces are needed.  The fillings are serviceable but they don't make or break the experience.  While these can be taken to go, they're best consumed right after being steamed, and some shared tables are available a few steps further into the mall to have them on.While Joe's rice rolls are much better than average rice rolls available from many a dim sum parlor, they are perplexingly forgettable, somehow just a bit too bland, a bit too chewy, and not silky enough.  Still worth a trip because of their freshness, and I will likely be back to sate an occasional rice roll craving.
This place is amazing. I Heard that he spent three days figuring out the perfect rice to water ratio and oh boy was it worth it. The staff are friendly and the Cheung fin is divine. You will never be disapponted
Fresh rice rolls made in front of you.  Fast, efficient service within a shopping alley in Flushing.  The rice rolls were good, as they were hot and good-tasting for 3 of them for $5 (including $1 egg) My only concern was that there was only a small amount of dried shrimp and I can only barely taste it.  Plus, the price is a bit higher than other places that serve the same thing.  But overall, I would maybe come back again for their fresh rice rolls.
Located in Flushing across from Macys on Roosevelt Ave.  I have been seeing pictures of Joe's steamed rice roll on my instagram feeds and on my Yelp feeds.  I just had to have it!  The store front is tiny and it's shared with other business in a mall.  They do have a sit down spot inside for to-stay diners. The process of making these is actually quite beautiful.  They pour rice flour mix into a giant steaming pan and they mix all of your ingredients in.  I ordered beef, corn and egg which came out to $7 (4 for steam rice roll, 2 for the beef, 1 for the egg and corn was free)The pan goes into an industrial steaming unit and in about 3-4 minutes they pop it out and roll and cut it up for you.  The rice roll is silky smooth, maybe the silkiest I've ever had. Everything was pretty good in terms of quality.  I still prefer the fishball steamed rice noodles with peanut sauce from other places over this if I had to choose a type of steamed rice rolls.  The soy sauce is not sweet like the dim sum soy sauce either, nothing wrong with that but I expected a sweetness to it.  I also feel like the egg can be skipped.  It doesnt really add anything to the flavor.  I would like to try the pork liver next time, that just sounds weird and I love bizarre type foods. Overall a good meal and worth a try.
After reading my friend Rich W's review, I had it bookmarked and decided come here tonight. I was rushing from the train station because this spot closes at 7pm says Yelp. I ordered a large Beef Rice Roll...he informed me that toppings are free...I choose corn and scallions and he suggested adding an egg which is definitely quite unique. I recorded videos of him working his magic making these delectable rice rolls but unfortunately they aren't supported for Yelp uploads #bummer!He gave me a little history on the rice roll...it's made with fresh ingredients! Awww too cute he offered one of mines piping hot from the steamer but I wanted to enjoy it with my parents. Shoot it takes me 25 mins to get via my bus. Finally got home and it was semi-warmish but tasted pretty yummy. The hot sauce lit my mouth on fire lol Definitely affordable for $6 (large) and $1 (egg topping)!Follow them on Instagram @steamriceroll
Joe's is a new stall at this location (Mio Mall) and makes fresh Cantonese style rice rolls.They are just like to ones I remember near Henry St and Market St (Sing Hing Lung) downtown Chinatown when I was growing up.Their style is from the mainland China where the rice roll skin is very thin.I tried the large beef rice roll with sesame seed and soy sauce. They didn't offer the heavier sauce or the peanut sauce other places use.  Rate 4/5.Try eating it asap for best taste! There is a seating area directly inside.I definitely will be back to try the other rice roll selections.
Freshly made right in front of you. I ordered shrimp steam rice rolls large size with add-on  eggs and veges all for 6 dollars. Diggin bc you'll love it. There could be a line but it's worth the wait. Joe, the owner, prepped and cooked my order--It's so DELICIOUS!!! come and try it!
The rice rolls are cooked fresh on demand, and it is quite tasty when you add the soy sauce, sesame seed, and white pepper. I like the rice roll with shrimp, egg, and various vegetables.
The steam rice rolls are very smooth. You have a choice of fillings. Shrimp, beef, pork, fish balls. Veggies , sprouts, scallion, cilantro, lettuce, corn can be added into the rolls.  Limit of 3.  They offer soy sauce and not sauce on the side. You can eat at the counter or to go. Small and lace but good food!  They have a crepe/pancake place next to it.  Not sure who runs it. The staff speak mandarin but if you order from the menu, you will be okay
Lead by my Yelper friends I arrived at Joe's Steam Rice Rolls for a late lunch at around 2pm and was glad I did. There was hardly a line. Ordering was super easy. You pick your toppings which include shrimps, beef and barbecue pork. I asked Joe the owner what the difference between small and large size were and he said that the toppings were larger in the large size, but the rice rolls were the same size. For example, for the shrimps the small size has only 5 shrimps, and the large, 10 shrimps. You have choices of 3 vegetable toppings which include scallion, cilantro, lettuce and corn. Extras include eggs and pork threads. Sesame seeds were a free offer.  As hungry as I was I ordered two small sizes of shrimp & BBQ pork toppings. The orders took awhile to be ready but that was because they made everything freshly in front of you. The rice cake is served with tangy soy sauce, and you can also add chili paste or chili oil. I went with the chili oil that added a nice nutty flavor. The rice cake itself was a little bit softer than the Vietnamese version that I'm used to, nonetheless it was still very enjoyable. The two small orders were large enough to satisfy my hunger and the damage was only $8. Will I come back? You betcha!
Quick snack bite.  No line on a Sunday afternoon at 3ishpm.  Ordered for takeout cause appparently parking is close to impossible.  Fresh indeed rice rolls however but lost on its flavoring sauces.   Good texture on their rice rolls and fresh ingredients in additions.  However their sauces were all in disappointment.   Their soy sauce were too salty when its supposed to be somewhat sweet.   It literally numbed my lips.  We ordered the rice rolls were special sauce (peanut butter sauce and hosien sauce).  There was no balance in the sauce and only tasted peanut butter and less hoisen even adding their soy sauce did no justice to its taste.  No good sauce no good rice rolls.  Probably will not go out the way to have it again.
The texture is amazing. I love a rice roll that's thin and yet silky. When you bite into it, there's a little chew. That's exactly what its like here. I took out one star because the sauce that came with the rolls weren't right. I'm used to the sweet soy sauce that's served in dim-sum rice rolls. Their sauce tasted more like the clay pot rice sauce, more salty. If they can get the soy sauce right, I'll update this review.
Joe is extremely hospitable! These were the best cheong fun I have ever eaten. The texture is just right. I recommend the peanut sauce with cheong fun. I don't even care for the meat, the noodles are that great! Next time I'm in flushing again, I'm definitely going to visit this place again!
Had an amazing experience with the rice roll. I tried the beef rice roll with corn, lettuce and bean sprout! You have to add the egg! The curry ball was a let down thou!
Very nice food presentation and the price is just right for the quality ingredients. I spent $22 lunch for 3 person. It is hard to get a seat.
So yes, $4.50 for a "small" portion of this is blasphemous in Flushing. But the quality of the rice roll (so soft and fresh) and the ingredients (plump, fresh shrimp and fresh herbs and veg)- not to mention each one is made to order- makes this a $4.50 very well spent. Wasnt too crowded late on a Sunday morning and order was ready within 5-10 min. There are no tables to eat at though, so be prepared to stand/walk and eat.
tasty authentic steam rolls here! I got the large pork steam roll with egg. They give you a generous helping and I was pretty full. The egg and free toppings definitely make the steam rolls tastier so pile up. I waited about 5-7 minutes which wasn't too bad. It was cool watching them make the rolls in front of you.
The noodles tasted good but the shrimp was not deveined and did not taste fresh.  I ordered a large and paid $6.50 so I was a bit surprised at how small the order turned out to be (comparable to a typical dim sum order)
I'm in the area frequently and I love getting quick, cheap food from here. I know there's many places in the area that can cater to plant based diets but the language barrier sometimes makes it difficult to be completely sure of what's in my food. This isn't the case with Joe's Steam Rice Rolls. I get the plain rice rolls with bean sprouts, cilantro, and lettuce. The food is made right in front of you and doesn't take long. They offer soy sauce on the side or a peanut butter sauce. A great deal for $3!
It's better than I expected.  I ordered a large size of beef with corn and cilantro.  I really enjoyed it.  I could eat another one but I decided to make it two large to go orders instead.  I think the texture tastes better when it's slightly cold.  Also, the to go boxes are not those small white plastic pint or quart containers. They are the plastic rectangular containers, so there's plenty of room the rice rolls won't stick it together.  Friendly staff and I think they are the family members and take term to run the place. There are no tables at all.  Only three high stools by the cashier.
3.5Cheap, but not enough meat......I only saw like 3 pieces of meat for the whole bowl. I wish they charge slightly more money and give me more meat. The fish ball is pretty nice and it's just a dollar. Basically I spent 5 dollars for 2 adults so it's a good deal.
Great spot to try out for their HK snacks. Got the rice roll with corn, lettuce and bean sprouts with beef and liked it. Loved their salty dumpling since it came with radish and pork as well (probably my favorite). It's a little small business and I wouldn't hesitant to come back if I were in flushing again!
This is kind of fast food place, it has a counter where about eight people can sit down and eat. They make the noodles right in front of you, so its really fresh. You pick what meat you want and what vegetables in your steamed rice noodle, add soy sauce, hot sauce or curry whatever you prefer and ready. I liked the pork dumpling with eggs, scallion, bean sprout, cilantro with soy sauce. If you are not in the mood for going to a restaurant, or just want to grab something fast, its a good place to eat in or take out. I will stop by again, if I come to the area.
Guangzhou steamed rice noodles! They let you choose the ingredients and they make it in front of you. It's quite interesting to see how they make it and the machine they use. Food is absolutely delicious and service is very friendly. They are located at the entrance of a mini shopping mall. There's a few tables and seats towards the middle of the mall but very limited. And they only have one steam machine so orders get really backed up when a crowd shows up.
OK, this place is just great. They imported their own rice mill and steamer to make this one dish to perfection. I could eat this every day. Maybe twice a day even!
omg. this is absolutely delicious, reminds me of my childhood when there were a bunch of steam roll carts in chinatown. this place couldn't have shown up at a better time. i could definitely eat these all day, everyday. also the difference between a small and large are the amount of toppings they put in, the amount of noodles are the same. also, if you want the curry fish balls just get the steam rolls with the curry fish balls, so much more worth it!
A great option for a snack/breakfast in flushing. I always appreciate it when establishments make the food fresh and in front of you. I went in on a weekday morning, right when they opened. Unfortunately they could not supply me with the BBQ roast pork version so I ended up getting the regular pork & of course I added an egg. It came out in a few minutes nice and fresh and you have a choice of adding the corn and the fixins. I added some chili oil on top of mine. If I ever need my fix of steam rolls, I'd come here.
They have a pending health inspection grade and the ingredients like shrimp aren't the highest quality, but I'll be damned if it isn't the best and freshest steamed rice rolls I've ever had. On top of that, they're also reasonably priced. Really would be great if they found a cleaner kitchen and higher quality ingredients because I would happily pay 50% more for it.
Nice place to go for a steamed rice roll breakfast, lunch, or snack. They make your order fresh in front of you. You pick the type: pork, beef, dried shrimp, shrimp, or curry fish ball. Add an egg $1 extra. Pick 3 vegetable filling like corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, or scallions. There is a small counter with 3 stools to eat-in. Large order is $6 and small is $4. The shrimp large $6.50 and small is $4.5. Can soda and bottled water is $1. One large order is good enough for me. The pork and beef were really good especially if you drizzle a little bit of hot sauce on them. The curry fish ball I would not recommend unless you are a big fan of curry.
Fast fresh and cheap. We order 4 plates shrimp stream rice rolls. Basically nothing was left off or plate at the end. Everything is cook by the order. Very lite and yummy.
Walking in, first thing to the left is a large pan with a steaming white sheet of rice noodles. To order, I went with the $4 small beef, scallion and sesame on top (accoutrements gratis).  For those who have had dim sum, with this, it is a different animal. Usually I would go with supple shrimp over a gray beef blend.Instead, this beef actually has some meaty flavor, less filling in it. The noodles are the highlight. Extremely thing, layered over and over on top of each other. The scallion cuts through the beef and sweetness of the noodles. I would go with a bit of chili oil to offer more complexity to the dish. A great portion for $4 as the large seems like too much, and better for 2 people.
I've been seeing this place on my Instagram feed lately and just had to give it a try. I was impressed, it was fresh and made to order. The rice rolls were light and silky and very smooth. Went during the evening so only got to try one order. Got the BBQ pork with cilantro and scallion, wanted to keep it simple. The cook though, said his fave was the beef and egg, so I will be trying that next time.
The rice roll is really tasty. I had a barbecued meat rice roll it's morning. With FREE corn and lettuce. I never had a rice roll with toppings. It turn out amazing. The mixture is wonderful. Price is reasonable. The sever/owner is very friendly. I will be sharing this place to my friends and coworkers!
The best part of this place and being able to watch him make it for you from grinding the rice into batter to the actual steaming. Only place in flushing where you can see it done. Very tasty, light, and fresh steam rice rolls for $4-6 each. I usually get the beef or pork with cilantro, scallion, and sprouts (adds a great crunch). Add an egg for $1.The stall is in a little space w other food and clothing stalls. There is some seating in front of the stall or a few steps around the corner.
Joe's served the best cheong fun (腸粉) I've had on this side of the Pacific. This is not the dim sum style, where the protein is wrapped in the noodle, but a different style where the toppings are mixed into the noodle batter and steamed together. It's definitely not a winner in the looks department, but lends itself to easy customization.The rice "noodle" is paper-thin, translucent, and smooth on the tongue. I chose beef as my protein and corn as my only veg (though you can have multiple vegetable toppings). The noodle is served with a sprinkling of sesame (optional) and soy sauce for dipping. A small portion was $4 and the perfect size for a light lunch. I took my noodle to go, but there's some seating in the back next to one of the stores in this mall. Service was friendly and multilingual.
I am a rice noodle/roll fanatic. It is a childhood favorite growing up so I try to get them as much as possible. I came here before I knew Anthony Bourdain decided to make his way over here at Joe's Steam Rice Rolls. The rice rolls are made to order and you have different choices of fillings. Not the absolute best rice rolls I've had, but definitely worth a try!
The rice rolls are so good, best I ever had. There is something about the rice rolls itself. I have had them twice already, once at the restaurant and once take out. They are chewy and soft all at the same time. There are a variety of toppings and the rice rolls itself are just so tasty. They aren't too thick. Service is exceptional as well. I love and wish this place was closer to the apartment.
I only find this rice roll place okay. I find it too pricey for what it is, rice rolls. It barely has filling. For $6-7 at Joe's, I expected a lot more filling in the rice rolls. I prefer the tiny rice roll place a block over on the other side of Main Street. Where a large is $4 with filling in it too. Sorry Joe, I find your product expensive for the area and I prefer the HK style street rice rolls and dim sum style too. And I'm sorry the soy sauce was not for me. I like the dim sum style soy sauce better and I like the sauces for HK style fresh rice rolls better too. Joe's soy sauce needs to be worked on.
Amazingly cheap and tasty. The curry fish balls really take me back to the street food in Mongkok Hong Kong! There are two sizes, regular and large. If you're looking for a satisfying small snack, get the regular and share with someone. For a meal, get the large! There's only a 1$-2$ difference, and the regular is around 4$. If you want a little sweetness, they offer to put peanut butter sauce on it! There's only a couple seats to sit, so you can take it to go.
Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls is the first food stand on the left hand side inside Mio Mall. I dropped by on a Friday night around 630pm and was surprised to hear that there was only enough rice flour for one more roll. While they are technically open until later, Joe's uses freshly milled rice slurry to make their rolls using the grinder in the front of the stand and often runs out early. I very happily ordered my rice rolls with pork and scallions and light sauce to go. The prices are a little pricier than I usually pay for rice rolls ($4 for rice roll base, $2 for additional toppings like meat, $1 for eggs, and vegetables for free) but the portions are large. My order filled a large takeout box and was relatively filling. The rolls were silky smooth, the pork fresh and the sauce flavorful. I ate mine quickly when they were still steaming hot but these definitely do not keep well and get gummy when cooled. I didn't see any seating in the area and it was a bit awkward to find somewhere quickly to eat. Hopefully with warmer weather, this won't be as big of an issue. (EDIT: it seems like there is some seating available so keep an eye out!)The staff team at Joe's were extremely pleasant to talk to and were knowledgable, accommodating and helpful. They also mentioned that they may be extending their hours to meet the breakfast rush with more offerings available so I will most definitely be returning.
Very interesting and entertaining to see them make the rice rolls right in front of you. It is definitely fresh. I still prefer the rice rolls at the dimsum houses because there's more flavor. Overall, not bad. Not too much stuffing and it's more expensive than the dimsum house.
If you were too walk inside, your eyes will definitely roll around and around trying to take in all the stimuli. In one area you see Chinese crepes and steamed rice rolls being made right before your eyes, turn right and you might be looking at a make-up cosmetics counter, and further pass the food signage, cute children's lunch boxes on shelves.  Ignore all but the food area. If you are lucky to snag a seat at the counter, you can enjoy rice rolls made to order. There is small ($4) and large ($6) and your choice meat/protein or plain, then again choose three veggies, which get enveloped into the rolls. If you want an egg that is $1 extra. A nice added touch is the sesame seeds and don't forget to have sauce your way too!  Never thought lettuce would taste good in my rice roll, but how wrong was I! They cut the rolls for easier eating so each square is a billowy delicious pocket of goodness.  Lunch time is very busy, so take out might be a good option. The folks here work really hard. The Chinese crepe looks good too, can't wait to try it next. Some of the folks here speak English very well, so don't be deterred. Get in there and get some custom goodness.
The novelty lies in the grinder and since I came later in the evening, it was already retired for the day. Staff was very charming and welcoming in a way that's uncommon in Flushing when you're an English speaker, but the food was subpar.The rice noodles are definitely fresh: fresh in a way that you can taste and smell the rice starch very keenly, which is unfortunate because it's a very raw flavor akin to a freshly opened bag of rice flour. It is neither masked nor improved with the selection of toppings. The variety is like the bubble tea gimmick--add anything and everything whether or not it complements. While I love corn, why wrap grain in grain? On a positive note, the shrimp was fresh. Lastly, the sauce tasted like diluted light soy sauce with water-like consistency. I don't really have an opinion other than it's palatable and a change from the usual slightly sweeter mixtures.Ultimately, the grainy albeit fresh noodles accompanied with a frugal smattering of filling was anticlimactic. While not the most exciting, even standard dim sum cheong fun is leagues better, and half the price to boot. Really wanted to love this place, but the lovely staff can't comp for expensive and mediocre street food.
The best Cantonese rice roll ever! In New York, the Cantonese rice noodles and rice roll are always thick and really semitransparent with a strong sauce absorption. Joe didn't follow them. He got the point of the best rice proportion, and make the rice skin in a very Chinese way. The ingredient of the rice mixture are really orthodox, and tast different from other venders.  Take a sheet of rice skin with meet or shrimp. Steam it for a little  while. A smooth, unsticky, pliable with just a little semitransparent rice roll can be done . If you try once, you will not forget it anymore.But I would like to say that the space is pretty limited for seating there. I have to take them back home.
I really like this hole in the wall place. Line moves pretty fast. The food is fresh and delicious.
I read about Joe's steam rice roll in Edible Queens. I am glad I looked for this tiny shop! The location is a little mini-mall in Chinatown with a small counter. My first time getting a steam rice roll. I could see my meal being prepared. Very interesting! My fresh shrimp with scallions, corn and sprouts with egg in the rice roll was delicious! I highly recommend! They serve Chinese pancakes as well as rice rolls. coffee/tea/beverage service was not available yesterday. With the 'extras' on my roll, my meal came to $10.50. There are many options available with the rice rolls - vegetables, pork, dried shrimp, fresh shrimp, etc. I recommend you go check out Joe's Steam Rice Roll.
Fantastic fresh steamed rice rolls made to order right in front of you. Definitely a must on your flushing food crawl.
Came here after 2pm on Saturday to try steam rice roll at this new place.  I missed my favorite scallion steam rice roll at Lok Lok (closed permanently).  Ordered the plain with scallion.  Based on owner's recommendation, ordered beef with scallion and corn.  They were made right in front of you,  The texture is thin, silky and smooth.  The plain with scallion does not have enough scallion compared to Lok Lok, also this is more expensive.  However, I do like the beef steam roll.  The beef added a good flavor to the whole dish and the corn was surprisingly a good addition too.Seating is VERY limited.  Glad that we came after lunch rush and were able to get a table and chairs.Soy milk and curry balls are not available.Will definitely come back again.
Nestled away in a tiny food strip mall across the way from the New World Mall are some of the best (and only) nice noodles you can get outside of dim sum.The rice flour is stone ground on the premises and then each rice noodle is steamed to order from the freshly ground rice flour.You have a choice of pork, beef, shrimp, dried shrimp-and some others. Prices start at $4-4.50 for small and $6-$6.50 for large. We split a large because this was our second stop (we had which bear dumplings, which is about a block and a half away). For an upcharge  you can add egg. You get three free add ons. Out of the five options we chose corn and scallion. At the end they topped the rice noodles with some sesame seeds and a light brown sauce, perhaps Hoison. Overall, I would highly recommend trying these rice noodles! There are tables in the back to dine.
I am a Cantonese and this is the best place to get steam rice rolls unless you are taking an airplane back to Guangzhou. The outside rice layer is very thin, smooth, and soft. Meet is also fresh. Rice rolls with curry fish balls are also tasty and very close to what you would get in Hong Kong.
Amaaaaazing rice rolls. A real treat that is impossible to find in this country.Melt in your mouth texture, with balanced delicate flavors. Highly, highly recommended.
You can easily walk past this place since it's so tucked away but that would be a mistake. For a measly $4, you can get a "small" plate of rice rolls that are perfect for lunch. I got beef with corn, scallions, and sesame seeds and it definitely filled me up. They have extra sauces on the counter if you need more which was a nice touch. The rolls were perfectly made and I couldn't be happier. My friend got the barbecued pork with scallions and it was great! I didn't know what to expect with the sweeter meat but it didn't disappoint. This place is definitely a keeper!
It is very good & steam rice rolls are my favorite . I always come and eat steam rice rolls once a week. The boss and the workers are very friendly .
Rice rolls that focus on fresh and made to order. I don't know how they can make the rice rolls so soft, silky, and thin creating the perfect marriage of meat, vegetable, and rice flour. Got my order in fewer than 5 minutes and I love how they put soy sauce on the side so that your rice rolls do not end up soggy like other places. Definitely the go to cheap eats in Flushing.
Cheap, delicious and fresh. Fun to watch them make it too. Vegetarian friendly (free veggie add-ons like cilantro, scallions, bean sprouts, etc.) Seating is limited but available nearby. I order a small dried shrimp roll and it was a nice size -- pleasantly surprised. Also tried the beef cabbage roll. Yummy. Three orders plus the fish balls came to $14 with an egg add-on. (Skip the curry fish balls tho. Small and salty. No flavor.)
We wanted to grab a quick snack in Flushing. Since I am a big fan of steamed rice noodles, we stopped here for a quick bite. The noodles are freshly made and super thin almost like paper thin. You can add  toppings to the noodles.
Cheap filling and delicious little Cheung fun place. Hit the spot for cravings and had a small but good enough selection. Curry fish balls were not my favorite but the pork and beef are good.
Made to order steamed rice rolls with your choices of veggie toppings, you can pick up to 3 kinds for free! Add an egg for extra charge! You should definitely finish the food right after it's served, they have a tiny counter and some tables inside the store.
100% freshly hand made. I love coming to this place every time I'm here in Downtown Flushing.   They do offer medium for $4 and large for $6 (except fresh shrimp $4.5 for medium and $6.5 for large).  The owners are extremely friendly and welcoming.
Joe's steam rice rolls are very soft and fluffy. You first order your meat that goes inside your rice rolls and choose three veggie garnishes. Eggs are $1 extra. The steaming process takes about 5-7 minutes. On weekends this place is packed. Lines end up outside the store. You can also call ahead to place orders. The workers speak both English and Chinese mandarin. The owner I believe speaks Cantonese. Try their fresh made soy milk. Very good and taste way better than the ones you get at a supermarket. Wish they had more seats inside.
First i had no idea i would be eating here today. Wifey and I decided it be a good thing to goto Flushing and try something differebt and new. So we walk and upon arrival right at the door we notice the small shop. It was about 1130am, so they had just open. I got to watch first hand how freshly made the steam rice rolls are made. We asked for 3 orders. Shrimp rice roll with cilantro and scallions and a side of hot oil. Hands down this one has a nice crunch and taste. The shrimp was very tasty and the dish itself was very light. The shrimp with cilantro and scallions was a perfect combination.  My wife loved the curry fish ball rice noodle, very taste, had a little bit of sesame, abd very well balance dish. The dish was drizzled with the traditional peanut, sesame and plum sauce.   My least favorite were the beef rice rolls. We both felt the beef did not carry enough flavor to compete with the 2 others. Will come back again and bring the rest of the family. Only problem i can see is that there were only 6 seats in the back area, so seating down maybe optional. I think this would be more of a togo meal. Either way Joe has a winning recipe for his steam rice rolls.
I visited for the first time today. The stall is conveniently located right by the 7 train subway station (as well as many bus stops). I ordered small rice rolls with three (free) veggie add on's (great for vegetarians) for only $3. It was pretty fast too, less than 5 min, the guy was done. You can watch them make it right in front of your eyes so you know it's fresh. It was delicious and filling. I would definitely come here again. There is some limited seating in the back; it's a bit dirty and unkept. Unfortunately, I did not see any trash cans for me to dispose of my garbage. Other than that, a quick and delicious bite.
Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls located in Flushing. This place offers authenti and traditional Chinese foods. This is a place definitely worth trying. The owner brings the old fashioned Guangdong stone milled rice rolls and makes with fresh toppings and you can also ask for add egg on it. Great food and great service. They also have curry fish balls, scallion pancake, tea egg and stone milled soy milk to serve.
I never used yelp before but Joe's steam rice rolls is worthy to spending the time to sign up an account! Four days vacation here in New York and wanted to explore traditional Chinese cuisines around Flushing. Instead going somewhere else, I was stuck with this shrimp and beef rolls with egg, no vegs. Had to have it everyday no matter what. Never know how smoothy and wonderful steam rolls can taste and how patient I am waiting in a long line before this one. The owner is nice and employees are friendly. My flight is in 3 hours and Joe's steam rice rolls is my last stop before heading to airport. What should I do without this yummy steam rice rolls?
Really delicious perfectly balanced fresh steamed rice rolls. Got the beef with egg bean sprout and corn. $5 for a small. Good enough for a meal or snack. Minimal seating and quick service.
I like to eat rice rolls almost every weekend either from the cart ladies on the street or at dimsum or wherever I can find them. So when I found out that a fresh rice roll place popped up in Flushing I decided to check it out. This location is at the front of the mio life mall right on Roosevelt. After trying to come here a few times during opening week and being unsuccessful at getting some- they were either closed or no one was behind the counter or no rice base left I finally got to come in the middle of the afternoon to try it. What makes Joe's different is the freshly made rice base created by using a mill to grind and make his own homemade rice flour for the slurry that makes up the rice rolls. The whole process is fascinating especially as he swirls your toppings deftly over the wide metal pan and slides it expertly into the steam drawer. There are a ton of toppings to choose from but I mostly go for the plain noodles no meat filling since veggies like corn, scallions and beansprouts are free. The meat fillings are an extra $2 like baby shrimp, regular shrimp, beef and roast pork. I only added an egg for $1 which is cracked in over the fillings and yolk is scrambled over the top right before steaming. Even the cutting process is cool as it is delicately folded and sectioned. The end result is a very soft almost translucent noodle. I liked the egg, scallion and corn combo I got. It was like a medium sized portion and filled me up just enough. Each order takes awhile since these are all freshly steamed. But there are a few stools at the counter to watch the show as he makes each one. They take about 5 minutes to steam. They also gave me a good sized container of sweet soy sauce and peanut sauce on the side for the noodles and sprinkled some sesame seeds on top as requested. I think they use creamy skippy to make their sauce but either way I liked it. The best time to come is half an hour to an hour after opening so he gets the rice flour and everything else prepped and definitely before 5 in case he runs out cuz once theres none he's done.
I think I would give it a 3.5, but rounding up because I think they are pretty good.The first time I came here with a friend I had the pork rice roll with egg, bean sprouts, scallions and cilantro. My friend picked the shrimp one with the same toppings. The pork one was ok, but nothing too special. It felt like when you have leftover roast pork and you throw it in for a little extra heartiness. The shrimp was ok too, but it was a little disappointing because they were a bit overcooked, so they were getting a bit on the mushy side. The bean sprouts added a little crunch and the egg made the dish a little heartier. Bean sprouts added a nice crunch to it. Although I asked for cilantro, I couldn't really taste it but I did notice they put lettuce it, so they might have mistaken that part. We both ordered a large and it came out to $14 which was pretty pricey for two orders. We both weren't really full from it but thankfully we were going to eat other things that day.I came back again with another friend and this time we shared one large order. We went for the beef with egg, corn, scallions and cilantro. I would say beef is the better one of the three. I usually dislike beef rolls because most places have a beef paste for the filling, but this place uses minced beef which I prefer in terms of texture. The corn added a bit of sweetness and texture to it which I liked. The scallions and cilantro added a little freshness to it. If I do come back, I would probably just order the beef one next time. Again prices are a bit high for it, but they do make it right there for you to see so you know it's fresh. There is very limited seating in this place because it shares a space with various vendors so it is best to get it to go. I did notice they had seats right in front of their space, but it gets packed around breakfast time, so unless you want to be surrounded by customers trying to order, I would just take it to go.
I was so excited to finally get to try these rice rolls! After seeing the videos of how they're freshly made to order, I had to have it. I was disappointed either. They're located in a shared space with other vendors and they have a few bar stools at their tiny counter for customers who can't find seating in the area a little further back into the strip. You get to pick a protein (beef, pork, shrimp, etc) and then 3 add ons (lettuce, corn, scallions, cilantro, and egg for extra $). They then make your order right there! They add a soy sauce and if you want, peanut sauce and hot sauce. The rice rolls are fresh, silky, and reminds me of Chinese comfort food. I would've liked if the soy sauce was slightly sweet like they serve at dim sum since it was mostly salty and didn't completely compliment the rolls. I got the beef rice rolls with corn, scallions, and cilantro, and added egg, and shrimp with lettuce, scallion, and cilantro. My other tiny gripe was that the shrimps were a bit small and still had the poop vein inside. Other than that, I really enjoyed it and the egg was a nice addition. The order was made quickly and I would definitely come back to get my cheurng fun fix.
Delicious rice rolls, got the large beef with lettuce, corn and eggs (extra charge to add eggs). Loved how well their soy sauce went with everything and service was friendly.
They use a big steam pan to make their rice rolls, so the noodles come out especially thin and silky ^_^
Best rice rolls I have tried in Queens.  The skin is think with a nice chewiness.
I had a shrimp rice rolls and pancake... Its pretty tasty "Cheung fun" and pancake. Huge portion too!
I ordered the steam rice rolls with bean sprouts, eggs & green onions.  It's my first time having steam rolls mixed with eggs.  It was good, silky and innovative.  It could've been better.  It's lacking the rice flavor which was why it was very translucent.  The staff was efficient.  I only waited 5 mins for my order considering there were 3 orders ahead of mine
Excellent quick meal or snack. $5 gets you fresh made rice roll with choice of meat, veggie toppings and an egg. I've had the beef (sliced) and the pork (ground). The small size is enough for me and it's only $2 more for a large. Ingredients are fresh and the texture of the noodle is great. The store is in the front of a mini food mall with a coffee store and dessert store as well.  Nice addition to Flushing.
Finally a place that uses 100% beef for beef steamed noodles (gnow cherng / niu chang) and none of that pasty shit!!!So when I was a kid... probably 20 years ago or so... (damn now I feel old bringing it up) a handful of places used real beef in steamed noodles. Every one knew where they were. Then commodity prices went up. Along with rent. Cost of living. And one by one they replaced real beef with some pasty mushy brown stuff in the rice noodles. I accepted that this was the evolution of times and some things I had no control over. Yesterday I took the subway home to see parents for the weekend and see a line for this rice noodle place --- oh yeah?! Is the hype for real???IT. WAS. REAL. REAL BEEF.  This will be my excuse to "go home to see parents" more often. (Oh damn after checking pics I think I might have my rice noodle stalls mixed up... too many on Roosevelt :X you can hold my 5 stars for now)
I love made to order rice rolls. They don't stick together when they're fresh and there's such a pleasing fluffiness to them. They make em fresh at Joe's and they're great. Make sure to spend the extra $1 to and an egg and another extra $1 to get four curry fish balls (that were kind of lukewarm, disappointingly).
Very good steam rice rolls! Staff are friendly and it's interesting watching them make ur food in front of you. Fast service.
Uniquely different from the usual rice rolls served at dim sum restaurants, the rice rolls served here come in much lighter dough and has very generous portion sizes. I definitely prefer this version to its heavier cousin...my thinking is that somehow rice rolls got bastardized in the US as Chinese restaurants slowly adapted to white ppls' tastes. Oh well. At least it's making a comeback now! The large and small options are priced at $6 and $4, respectively and it's totally worth grabbing as a snack before you continue on your Flushing trek.
Smooth and thin rice rolls. My only complaint is that their soy sauce is terrible. They dilute regular soy sauce and give that crap to people. First I tried it with their soy sauce. It was absolutely horrible. Good thing I took all the rice rolls home and used the Lee Kum Kee Sweet Soy Sauce that I had at home to save the dishes!!  With my own sauce I bought at the supermarket, then I really enjoyed the food.  3 stars only because without the soy sauce correction it isn't great.
I always wondered when someone was going to open up a shop exclusively for rice rolls.  That dish is my favorite part of dim sum but I've never found a truly great place that made it like they do in Hong Kong.  Well, now I finally found one!  You are able to put in lots of other toppings that they don't have in dim sum places such as cilantro, eggs, bean sprouts, etc. And seeing the grain mill in action makes it that much better.
The owner was very friendly and kind. The steam rolls were freshly made on the spot right in front of you. He even was kind enough to upgrade an egg for us. Would return for good customer service, and freshness of food.
This steamed vermicelli roll in here is really good. It made me feel like in Guangzhou again.
I've tried many times of Joe's Steamed rice roll. Overall I give Five stars. In the beginning the rice roll i had tried was sticky and thick. And now over months of improvements, they made it right at the spot! The rick rolls are snow white, smooth smooooth smooooth and fresh!  Willing to recommend? = YES!
Awesome steam rice rolls! Fresh! Made from scratch! We got the curry ball and the bbq pork rolls. Pretty good. You can add toppings to your order like egg or corn or lettuce. Good flavor. Decent portion. Totally coming back to try the other items. They sell tea eggs and soy milk too. There isn't any places to sit. More of a take out place. They charge $6 for the large size and $4 for small size.
This is the best rice rolls that I've tried in New York. Highly recommend it! The rice roll skin is thin and chewy, just like what I had back in Guangzhou. Ordered three different ones: beef, shrimp, and plain with egg. All are good. I finished them all before I remembered to take a picture. Will come back for large portion.
I ordered the pork, beef, roast pork & shrimp. I loved the pork the best. The steam rolls were all consistent and soft. They just get it right!
The service is good and price is affordable. I ordered a egg steam rice. It tastes awesome. Next time I will try again
How do you determine if a steam rice roll store is good? The roll has to be smooth, and put lots of sauces. You know, steam rice rolls do not come with any taste and they really rely on the sauces to give the flavor.This place? Meh. First of all, it's not even in a roll shape but rather, some steamed thing pushed together. Is it smooth? Kind of.. yeah, I'll give you that. But here's the deal breaker.... they are very stingy on sauce. That really killed the fun of eating steam rice rolls. Is the food edible? Yes. Did I enjoy eating it? Nah...
The rice rolls are to die for. No seating available so you kinda have to eat standing up outside on the sidewalk. So so so delish.
You can't beat fresh tasting food, that is also delicious. My favorite is Barbecue Pork, with Corn and scallions.  Get Large, that is a meal (for avg size person).
they open at 8:30am does not mean you can get your food before 9am. i came here twice at 8:45am,and8:50am, they are opened but nothing got set up yet. rice rolls is not bad, they have Oden, but only the Daikon is good.
Watching these being steamed in high-tech equipment was an experience in itself. Actual taste of the rice roll was great but some may find slimey.
Go to Chinatown in manhattan u can get real rice rolls with meat inside.... the meat here is old and decaying lmao
This is the best type of dim sum food I have ever tasted ... it's something you cannot find anywhere else ... I've been here twice in three days ... it's a must try
Just tried the small size steamed rice roll with shrimp. It's good. And small size enough  for a girl.
Surprisingly pricey for rice rolls compared to other places I've been.... but the quality is better. I ordered a large beef ($6) with egg ($1 extra) and ordered three free "vegetables"- corn, cilantro and scallion. Re- Steamed it when I got home and poured on the sauces they generously packed for me. Delicious. If you think about it being a meal for one, it's not that badly priced. This place was the least oily and most tasty rice roll place I've been to.
I ordered based on the positive reviews I read here. What a let down. 4 stars for entertaining value of watching the rice sheets being made. They have no idea how to roll it. It's scraped with a scraper into a convoluted pile and shoved unceremoniously into a styrofoam box. I ordered the roast pork (Char Siew) and the shrimp version. It wasn't Char Siew as I know it, just shredded cooked pork - tasteless. The shrimp was precooked - bland. The soy sauce that came with it was just that; not like the sweetened version you get with Cheung Fun at the Dim Sum restaurants. Not Cantonese Dim Sum by any standards.Also ordered the crepe, I don't remember the name they gave it. It comprised of a fried pancake dough with bean sprouts, egg and choice of ham or bacon. Looked interesting - the result was a tough and chewy Burrito. Definitely not worth the time to stand in line to order.4 stars for the concept - good location with large window by the street that catches the attention of pedestrians. Lots of foot traffic near intersection of Roosevelt & Main. Their success also comes from reviews here and other sites, possibly through Social Media also.4 stars for value; you get the carbs and protein in an inexpensive meal. Fills the stomach. Knocked off 1 star for waiting time and lack of space to eat it.
fresh rice rolls, great service. tasted different than the typical dim rice sum rolls because they make their own rice paste.
Great place to stop for a snack. This needs to be a chain around the city. I'd eat here 3x a week if I lived Flushing.
Like many people who love dim sum, I always look forward to the steamed rice rolls. Hearing about a place that ONLY makes steamed rice rolls? I cried tears of joy. The menu is simple. It's made fresh before your eyes. If there's a seat, sit down and enjoy. Or if you're like me horde a few large orders, carry them home, and eat them away from everyone's shaming gaze. I chose not to add an egg because I like the classic texture of the rice roll and the filling I chose; no distractions. Maybe next time, I'll add an egg to one. Maybe.
Joe's Steam Rice Rolls are satisfying on so many levels: the rolls are freshly-made by hand right in front of you by the owner and are super delicious; the additional veggies, sesame seeds, and hot oil provide the perfect umami flavor profile; and, the large-sized rice rolls sit well in your stomach and completely wiped away my hunger pains. There are small wooden tables to the side where you can sit and much on your rolls without interference. Would definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat when you're hungering to satisfy a craving for rice rolls. Say hi to Joe!
This is a great place to eat steam rice roll ( Cantonese style). Best in town rice rolls and the young owner learn from China the skill to make rice rolls. Passion and quality very good place to eat.
I've had rice rolls in the past at either the food trucks or the random open store window, but never one that makes it so fresh! What a difference in flavor! Sooooo glad this spot is open. The texture is soft and chewey while the extras add a nice touch. Best part is that it is right near the train so I can grab one before work!
So yummy, the price is good, and environment is comfortable. The pork steam rice is very special and delicious.
It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing.  How this place got 4.5 stars, I have no idea.  Their noodle's are good quality, but their filler isn't that flavorful, which is why this place is a 3 star for me.  I heard Anthony Bourdain came here. Don't let that hype you up.  He's great on TV, but that doesn't automatically make this place incredible.
Flavors are good but they didn't clean the shrimp. I had to throw the whole thing out.
Had high expectations for this place because of the good reviews. But the steam rolls tastes really bland, even with the sauce they put on it. Won't come here again.
The food is cheap and the food came out hot. I've tried the pork rice roll, BBQ pork rice roll, beef rice roll, and Chinese pancake and they all were very basic..nothing mind blowing. I Wish they had different sauces that can enhance the flavor and make it more tasty. If you're just looking for quick cheap eats, this may be the place for you.
Silky and smooth steam rolls I ever had in New York. Super nice boss! 10/10 will come again.
The rice rolls were great. The slurry comes from a stone mill ground rice and water not from flour. It is really fresh. It is the right consistency that even some dim sum places don't get right. It is just the right firmness and not mushy at all. The menu is simple but in Chinese. That is ok, Joe is really friendly. I got the shrimp and my brother got the beef. Large order. He cracks an egg onto the roll and steams on a metal sheet with the filling. The shrimps could be larger. I also would have like some peanut butter sauce too. But the roll was perfect chewiness.
Visiting from Miami, staying in Flushing n found this hidden gem. Gotta say I'm amazed by the rice rolls they have comparing with ones they sell at dim sum places. Will def come back for my next visit!
Best steam roll ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The toppings are fresh. The owner is funny and knowledgeable. I will definitely be back for their new menus.
This place is great, pretty much the best steam rice rolls I've had in NY. their small portions are big!! as in you will be able to finish it by yourself but won't be eating anything else after that.Apparently they are going to start opening even earlier during the summer (around 8 am). Which makes me very excited about getting my breakfast here for my summer classes. from this location I have tried both the pork and the beef, both very good. somehow they manage to make the rolls thinner in this manner making the rolls wrinkly (which is very good) so more sauce can seep into this delicious simple treat. so good so good.
I hear a lot about this place ,finally I have a chance to check this place out on my summer vacation . Tried the small beef steam rice roll with free topping / corn and scallion ( because I want it to be more simple some I can have more taste of the roll ). $4 for quite a lot portion of rice roll. The owner is very friendly love to share his story about why he wanna making this amazing rice roll,he simply just told me . That he wanna bring his hometown taste to New York  since no body wanted to . Amazing roll. Really soft and taste . I will come back for the next 4days and have enough roll before I leave NYC.
A take off of the traditional beef and shrimps Chong fun rolls.  They are very good here.  A great brunch item.  I can't get enough of it.  All the items on the menu are very good.  Go for it even though if there might be a sustantial waiting time.
As a Cantonese, I can tell the rice rolls here are really authentic, better than any other rice rolls I've ever had in New York. I will definitely come back!!
This is my mom's favorite place to go. It's all she talks about now. Why? She is from HK and this places bring back memories for her.  They make authentic steam rice rolls - not the kind that comes out cold and hard in tea house. These are pillow soft!  Even I can tell the difference! This place is also SUPER CHEAP!
The steamed rice rolls seem pretty orthodox.Something you can only taste in China.You wont regret trying. The portion is quite big as well. I would definitely come again.
People proclaiming this to be the best rice rolls ever have never had good rice rolls. He is clearly ripping off the popularity of Sung Hing Lung in C-town or any of those street cart venders. I love rice rolls so when I saw this I immediately wanted to try it. These rolls were ok but for the price not worth it especially considering I could get cheaper and better from a street car. When you come to Flushing you are looking for cheap eats that also has to taste good. Also the service was not great, my order was ready and I had paid for it when I ordered. The person behind the counter wouldn't hand it to me because she was helping other costumers. At one point she even walked off somewhere, I think to get some change. Finally I had to ask if that was mine that was just sitting there. Of course it was cold by the time I got to eating it. They only included one container of soy sauce for my take out & didn't even ask if I wanted peanut or hot sauce.
Best cheung fun in NY. Thin, soft, slight chewiness. Fresh steamed to order. Got the beef and dried shrimp. Mixed in some veg as well. Tasty. Nuf said.
Happy I came here with my mom after searching yelp for breakfast. I got bbq pork steamed rice rolls--they were soft but could've used more generous filling. A small will run you $4 and a large is $6. Veggies are free. Overall it hit the spot and I'll probably come back another time.
The texture of the rice roll doesn't feel like hand made, but still very traditional canton food which I love.
Quite authentic rice roll  in Hong Kong style with a modern twist: can add some new ingredients like veggies, onions etc. The rice roll itself is perfectly cooked, though I do recommend making better sauces. The chili sauce is not spicy and aromatic enough. The soy sauce is fresh out of the bottle without additional seasoning like usual rice roll dim sum place: one shall cook it with vegetable oil and sugar prior to serving.
I'm appreciated the owner's attempt to bring authentic Cantonese rice roll. However the roll itself lacks of flavors. Also the price is way higher than other similar street foods in the neighborhood.I will not go back.
Delicious and delicate.  Rice roll was silky smooth and perfect. So much better than any dim sum place. You can choose your fillings and they make it on the spot so it's fresh and yummy! Must try!
Came in an hour prior to closing and ordered BBQ pork rice roll. It was cool to see it being made fresh. Portions are pretty decent for price you paid. Flavor is unique with rice roll (much thinner than usual din sum resraurant). There are a few seats to sit in food court. Will definitely be back to try other flavors.
Delicious  snacks, bring back lots of childhood memories in HK.  Wish the mall has an area for dining
Definitely the best steam rice rolls in town.  Unlike other places, the rice rolls here is amazingly smooth and fresh. The roasted pork rice rolls is a must have.
Super good rice rolls! We got the shrimp with all the yummy add ons (bean sprout, egg, cilantro) for only $4 and it was big enough for two people to snack on. Will come again when in Flushing for sure-5 out of 5!
The food is very good. We ordered 3 cold dishes: bean curd, jellyfish w turnip & cucumber garlic.  Fantastically wow!  Shanghai Shaomai, hot soy milk are all so good.  Steamed crab meat delivers the high standard.  I have reviewed again one year later. This time I gave full score of 5 stars.  Not only did all the food above par, their service is excellent.  They are efficient, attentive and polite.  My husband was running late in joining us, not one time did they come to hurry us to leave.  We came around dinner time, when they are people waiting in queue.  We are impressed!
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has absolutely the best soup dumplings in North America (the only real contenders being in the Shanghai region itself). They use just the right amount of fattiness in the pork and the filling is perfectly seasoned. Something to note is that the dumplings are a bit larger than most places. As such, the skin is a bit thicker and doesn't tear easily.Other standouts include the scallion pancakes and the spicy beef with tripe. The pancakes are perfectly crisp on the outside without being excessively oily and have a hint of softness on the inner layer. The beef/tripe is tender and packs a good amount of heat without being overwhelming.I come to New York for the Chinese food. I do the pilgrimage to Flushing when I want the best. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is absolutely worth the trip.
I love this spaThe design is so cuteThis is only place I give 5starsVIP service is what i getlove their flower wallevery time I check in with itwaiting for my next "nail design"
Amazing place for soup dumplings! Decided to come due to hearing such good things about this place and I'm happy to say they definitely didn't disappoint! Came with a group of 8 and had a short wait of about 20-30 mins before we were seated. We ordered the Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings, the Beef and Tripe, and the Crispy pork buns. Definitely one of the best soup dumplings that I've had the opportunity to try. Each one was very flavorful and had decent portions. The flavor of the soup was exceptional and it was only enhanced by the chili oil and black vinegar. The service was good for how busy the staff was, you can definitely tell that theyre food is all they need to bring in customers! Would definitely return to get more soup dumplings and crispy pork buns! FYI - this place is cash only! Super cheap for so much food!
This is an awesome place for a cheap but filling meal! I came by around 6pm for dinner on a Saturday and our party of four was immediately seated. It's definitely a casual ambience. We ordered a good number of dishes: the crab and pork xiao long bao, the pork xiao long bao, pig ears (aka my favorite dish), chive and meat buns, scallion pancakes with beef, another type of bun, and soy milk. We left feeling super full and didn't finish a few of the buns. The soup in the xiao long bao was delicious! Better than anything I had in China. We ended up paying $12 each (including tax) for all this food. Awesome food quality and quantity for the price!
I dragged myself to flushing on the subway and was pretty grumpy about it, but everything was okay when I had the pork Xiao Long Bao at Nan Xiang. The were soooooo big and tasty. I loved it so much and it was worth the trip to flushing. We only got the Xiao Long Bao. One pork and one pork and crab. Pork was better.
NXXLB is one of the few "always mentioned" places in Flushing which live up to the hype.The move is to bring cash and go during the week or the afternoon. You should also tip well because people here are on top of their game and work hard. If you've had this type of food before I wouldn't suggest waiting in line for weekend lunch, unless you love people watching.Skip the XLB and go for the Shenjianbao, its pan fried, crispy on the bottom, soft, steamy on the top and moist on the inside.I don't understand why people always go for the XLB at Chinese restaurants, the pink oily goo that spills out all over the plate just kills it for me and the limp sack texture is also something I don't find terribly pleasing, but whatever, most things on the menu are good, just try not to get the noodles, go to a noodle house for that.
BYOB and CASH ONLY!! Food is excellent as always. I usually order the soup dumplings and beef scallion pancakes but this time got some beef tripe in spicy oil, one of their delicious cold appetizers. Sooo good! He only thing is that we joined an existing table, ordered food and they just deliver.. no water nor plates..Came back, food was great, service is about 2/5 :(
The best soup dumpling place! It's cheap, there is a lot of seating, & the soup dumpling is tasty and decently sized. We ordered pork & crab soup dumplings, shanghai pan fried udon, & the pan fried pork buns. The soup dumplings are so good and I will keep coming back to this place just for them. There's actually a lot of soup inside (I recommend it with the black vinegar & ginger!) The food is really cheap too, so you can get a lot of yummy food at a good price. The only complaint I have is the oiliness of the pan fried pork buns because they served it last and by then I was already really full so I got really turned off by the oiliness of this. You can actually feel the oil on your tongue. This place can get packed really fast, but it is worth the wait. Service isn't great, but the food itself makes it worth going. This place is cash only!!
My friends and I initially had a 20 minute wait at 2pm on Sunday that eventually turned into a 35 minute wait. However, it's always a good idea to go here with a group so that you can eat family style. We got the spicy beef and tripe, pork xiao long bao, crab meat xiao long bao, pork buns, scallion pancakes, vegetarian dumplings, and chive and egg fried buns. They said the pork bun was pretty similar to the pork xiao long bao (same filling, but the bun is just a different dough and doesn't come with soup inside), so I'd say skip one of those. They bring dishes out when they're ready, although we might have preferred to have them brought out all at once. For the price (everything came out to around $56!), it's worth it.
The best dumplings I've ever had!!!Full disclosure: this was the first traditional dumplings I've ever had but I have since tried many other authentic places, two on the same day after my first visit, and this is still the best I've had! The fun thing is I planned on going somewhere else but ended up parking right in front of this place. When I saw all the back-to-Back years of Bib Gourmands from the Michelin Guide I knew it was something that I had to try. Soooo glad I did. It was a magical food experience! (And so inexpensive)There were two of us, we only ate half of what we ordered because were stuffed, and took the other half to go and the bill was less than $30Go! Order all the things. I pretty much did and everything was excellent!
Pretty good XLB. The fillings were soupy and flavorful. The wait wasn't too bad on Saturday. I liked that they didn't seem to mind because we were a group on 6 and only ordered 2 orders of XLBs (we were on a food crawl tour).
Came to this spot with a large group of people on a Saturday due to the good reviews. Considering there was 10 of us, it took about 35 minutes before getting a table in the popular establishment.While looking over the menu they gave us free green tea to start. Got several dishes to share amongst each other:Steamed Pork Buns ($6.50) - thin layer of dough encompassing semi seasoned pork ball, good soupy interiorSteamed Crab/Pork Bun ($7.50) - crab meat is a little lost herePan-Fried Udon ($7.50) - thick noodles with heavy seasoning, good to pair with a meat dishRice Cake w/ Shredded Pork ($7.95) - balanced texture and filling meatService here is quick and the price-point is solid. If willing to wait, one of the better options for a sitdown.
Love coming here! My dad started taking me to this place about 3 years ago. It was his hidden gem that he only told me about right before he moved across the country!Youre usually seated immediately, if not you may need to wait about 15min. The food is so worth it! Its family style so be sure youre ready to share, but you dont have to! The soup dumplings are delicious and the rice cakes even better!I have to say i like Joes food better, but the prices here are incomparable!
One of my favs for Shanghainese comfort food! Nothing fancy schmancy about this place. Decent for large groups but better for a few friends to get together. Service is quick, costs are cheap & food is downright authentic & dericiousssss! A must in the Flushing area!!!
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in one word would be "overhyped." To be honest, I've had a better version of each of the items that we ordered elsewhere. Steamed Pork Bun: A must-order! Larger than the average xiao long bao, and a better bang for your buck than Din Tai Fung's version. However, Din Tai Fung wins from a flavor perspective in my opinion.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef: Good, but not game changing. A solid order choice to add variety. Pan Fried Pork Buns: Depending on your luck, this item may take a while to get to you. We overheard the waiter telling the table next to us that a 30 minute wait isn't unexpected. I don't think I'd order it again - I wish the bottom was crispier and the meat was less dry. Rice Cake with Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard: My favorite out of everything we ordered. It's simple, but you can't go wrong with this dish. Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce & Peanut Sauce: This was the dish that disappointed me the most. I was really excited about the combination of spicy sauce and peanut sauce, but honestly it tasted like neither. *Make sure you bring cash! **Street Parking: Not bad, as long as you're willing to circle the surrounding blocks a few times. If you're from out of town, make sure you look up the rules for parking close to fire hydrants!
The Xiao Long Bao here is tops. The pork soup inside is tasty without being greasy. The skin is slightly on the thick side at the top of the steamed dumpling.The Scallion Pancake with Beef is also excellent--thin beef slices wrapped in layers of crispy and fluffy fried dough. The sauce is a bit heavy. Good for those who like sweet sauces.Waitresses were reserved but polite.
This place is a staple for me and my wife. We have been here a few times and the food is always good to  great. The soup dumplings here remind us of the ones we had at nan Xiang in Shanghai and are always good. The sesame pancake with beef is a hole run every time even if it's a little greasy. The seafood crispy noodle was a instant classic the first time we tried it so I suggest everyone to try it. With the food this good you know there will be a crowd and we go on Saturday nights so there is usually a wait but the wait is never long. The place is gritty and cash only so you gotta look past that to experience the great food that they serve.
Such a good place for inexpensive and tasty food! The pan fried udon noodles, garlic cucumbers, beef scallion pancake, and pork soup dumplings are a must! Definitely hits all the right spots in all the right places! :-) highly recommend
Solid Xiao Long BaoIn my quest to eat as many dumplings as I can around the globe, Nan Xiang was a nice surprise. The dumplings were of good size and held their delicious soup perfectly. They were a bit "doughy" compared to others but I will take this in place of a dumpling that explodes on lift off. The prices are reasonable too and the service was pretty good too!! We will definitely come back!!!
It is crowded, with about 20+ people waiting with a numbered ticket.  Inside there are 70% asians and 30% westerners.  A few  are here with a travelling carry-on, liked me. :-)Overall, the food is not salty for my taste.  Odd enough, there is no salt or soy sauce on the table.The pork and preserved cabbage was nice.  4* The rice cake is a bit  qq when it cools down a bit.  There is white pepper for sure.  The preserve cabbage is mild, I was hoping a bit more sour.Xlb is great. 5*  I can eat it all of them.  The soup is good with about a soup spoon ful of juicy.  Yea. Shanghai Shao Mai has an acquired taste and may not be for everyone. 5*   I love the bold flavor, like dried shrimp and etc..  Yum.Pan Fried pork buns is great. 5*.  They come out crispy bottom and juicy inside and nice bun texture.I will come back for the XLB, and Shanghai shao mai.   I see many have the stir fried noodle and savory tufo.  Hum....
It usually took me an hour to get here from the city. But it's all worth it. Basically everything you order will be great. I highly recommend their beef pancake, pig ears, spicy beef and tripe, and pan fried pork buns. They were so good and authentic. Tip: make sure you get cash before you come here, it's CASH ONLY. If you forget about it, there's a ATM inside the hotel cross the street. The service fee is around $2-3.5.
We did not have to wait long to be seated,and the place was very packed.A table for two,kind of cold and breezy for it was one of the tables in the entry way.Tea came quickly and the beer wasn't to our liking but it was extremely cold which he enjoys.I an more of a room temp beer drinker.We ordered an assortment of dim sum and 2 different types of soup.Also a noodle entree.The scallion beef pancakes were amazing.I enjoyed how the hoisin was on the inside.My Sweetheart enjoyed his chicken soup and neither of us had seen it served that way before.Our waitress was polite but never checked on us..I had to ask for more tea(this time was room temp.)I also had to flag her for our 2nd round of beverages.I tried to catch her eye after 25 minutes empty by placing both bottles and tea cups at the edge of our table for she was behind me(I would say 2.5 feet).Sweetheart enjoyed the way the dumplings were browned on the bottom,we both prefer them smaller.The flavor made up for the weight‍I was hoping for soup dumplings.The fish in our seafood noodle dish had the perfect soft texture.The fried dough sticks reminded me of a zeppole dough no sugar..I would have devoured them if a bag of confectioners sugar rolled by.Like this,maybe I should have dunked them.My Bad?In a whole,tasty.Pretty quick even though food arrived at the table here there..Only thing is I DO NOT LIKE BEING HIVERED OVER AS I PLACE THE TIP ON THE TABKE.WHERE WERE YOU WHEN I WAS PARCHED?OH,standing behind me.Reaching between us as I button my jacket is not polite at all.Food fair prices,filling,tasty enough.I am real simple keep my glasses full and appear here and there.I more than double the tax.so,lol
People are probably going to cry blasphemy at my review, but i tried to love Nan Xiang, but i just couldn't! This place is featured on so many platforms, but i just don't understand it. It's not bad, but it's not stand out either. This place is hands down known for their xiao long baos (soup dumplings). to be honest, i don't remember much of how it tasted and i've had it multiple times - the last time being 2 weeks ago. i just remember it being blander than the other XLBs i've had. The pork chop noodle soup which was fine. The pork chop was fried well and the soup base was tasty, but the noodles were underwhelming. I've also had the pork with cabbage noodle soup which was better than the pork chop one. the cabbage added nice flavor, but the pork was, once again, bland. I will say that they do keep their soup base consistently good.Be warned, Nan Xiang is very popular and there's likely a wait during peak hours on the weekend. Try it for yourself just for the sake of saying you've had it!
O M G. I love this place. If I lived in Flushing, I would probably come here once a week. I had one order of their pork XLB, Shu mai, and beef & chili pepper noodle soup. Everything was absolutely delicious!Their XLB is the best I have ever had. It was very fresh and everything about it was just so perfect *drool*. Just make sure to ask for the ginger sauce on the side with the XLB! The noodle soup reminds me so much of my mother's cooking. The soup has a good kick to it too. Service was great. There was immediate seating for two. I love how they gave complimentary green tea. The prices are very reasonable. DEFINITELYYY coming back when I am in the area again.CASH ONLY
Their soup dumplings are good of size and very delicious. The soup in the dumplings had the best flavor. By far the best soup dumplings I've had. To me it's even better than Joe's Shanghai. The pig ears, spicy beef & tripe, pancake beef & scallions and the fresh hot soy milk were all delicious. The service was fast. Be prepare to stand in line if you come around lunch time. Once you get your dumplings you know it's worth the wait.
Probably the best soup dumplings I had in New York so far. *Warning! CASH ONLY RESTAURANT* I went at 8:30 PM on a Saturday Night so there was no wait and easily seated a party of 12. The service was mediocre, it was kind hard to order and get water refills. I would have to go to the server often.I ordered 3 orders of Crab ($6.25) and 3 orders of Pork Steamed Buns ($5.25), or Xiao Long Bao. These were crazy cheap because 6 soup dumplings would come in a order.  The soup dumplings were amazing, I couldn't pick a favorite between the two but most of my friends enjoyed the pork more. The soup dumplings were scrumptious and did not break when picking up with the tongs, plus the soup was flavorful too. My favorite technique to eating the dumpling is biting it on the side to leak some of the soup on the spoon, then adding some vinegar and chili oil and eating all in one bite. I also ordered the scallion pancake with slice beef ($3.50) and pan fried dumplings ($4.75). The scallion pancake and dumplings were crispy and good but they don't compare to the soup dumplings in my opinion. I would order the scallion pancake again if I wanted more variety.Overall, this place seems to the King of Xiao Long BaoTaste: 5/5-Recommend getting Pork and Crab Steam BunsService: 3/5Bang for Buck: 5/5-Five or Six dollars for 6 delicious steamy soup dumplings, I could eat at least 2 orders by myself.
Nan Xiang is your no-frills spot for exceptional, authentic Shanghainese food. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are always on point, each one filled with piping hot soup rich in flavor. You know it's the real deal when everyone orders baskets and baskets of xiao long bao. The dumplings are larger in size than the ones I'm accustomed to. But hey, I'm not complaining! I also enjoy their Shanghai fried noodles, always tasty and never overly greasy or salty.This spot does get packed, but service is quick and the employees are extremely efficient. Do your tastebuds a favor and visit Nan Xiang stat!
I've heard really good things about this place so I was excited to try it. My group of 3 came on a Friday around 1pm and got seated right away. We came during the winter and it felt like they didn't have the heat on, so we were all still shivering in our jackets while we ate. I had heard that their beef noodle soup was super good, but when we ordered it, they said that they had run out or they didn't sell it anymore (they didn't have it for some reason). The waitress recommended something similar, but the noodle soup that came out had small slivers of beef and the broth was spicy and sour. It didn't satisfy my original beef noodle soup craving. We also ordered soup dumplings and some pancakes, which were both very good. The place has a really good price for the amount of food you can get. There seems to be a small amount of seating and it looks to always be full. Service was pretty quick, but we had to ask a couple times before we got some water. The place is also cash only.
This place is great. As a soup dumpling enthusiast, this place does not disappoint. I think their pork soup dumplings are as good, if not better than anywhere else in the city. Unlike some places, their dumplings are huge. The actual meat is nearly the size of a golf ball. Even with a generous portion of pork, they still contain a healthy amount of soup in each one as well. Outside of the soup dumplings, their Shanghai Udon Noodles are absurdly good, as are their fried dumplings and beef / scallion pancakes. Living in Manhattan it is a bit of a trek out here, but I think it's absolutely worth it.
As NanXiang's full name indicates, this place sells Chinese soup dumplings. They also have your typical cafe comfort foods such as soy milk, scallion pancake, Chinese donut, rice cake, etc. The soup dumplings were probably the highlight. I will definitely come back if I am already in the area.Service is relatively nice (for a Chinese restaurant). They serve you quickly, and refill your tea. They unfortunately only accept cash. There's a decent amount of tables, but it's a pretty popular place so there normally is a queue unless you go early.Ordered:Xiao long bao soup dumplings - bigger than most dumplings I've had; most dumplings can't be eaten in one bite. Each has a lot of soup. The soup is super fatty! Overall pretty darn good!Soy milk (sweet)Chinese donut (you tiao) - crispy and light, well doneRice cake with seafood - a bit light on the flavor, but well cooked so it isn't too tough.
So I've been coming here for awhile and I must say, the food has lost two stars. The signature Shanghai stir fry was sitting on a bed of oil. The soup dumplings was mediocre. Even though this restaurant had back to back Michelin ratings, it just doesn't cut it for the taste. However, my favorite cold plate of beef tripe is still solid. The scallion pancake with beef is also tasty. I'm used to bad service in authentic Chinese cuisine spots, but today most of the staff was inattentive. Note: My rating is not based on the service. Things we had to ask for today: Tea. So basic right? Especially when it is 10 degrees outside. When the soup dumplings came, we had to ask for sliced ginger: TWICE. So our dumplings got cold and it just didn't taste good anymore. When we wanted to grab the staff attention, there were about five of them all on their phone. The staff wasn't rude, just wasn't attentive. Won't be coming back for awhile. There's Shanghai You Garden that tastes way better. No wonder their wait time is at least an hour.
WOW! Wow. I wasn't able to take good photos because I was so hungry and downed everything as they came, but rest assured other Yelpers' photos are accurate. I hear this place is busy regardless of the time of day, but I'm glad we only waited 5-10 minutes or so. The prices here - wowee. Super affordable. Broke college kid prices for homecoming-American-kid-who-studied-abroad-and-is-looking-for-authentic-food kind of good quality. No complaints whatsoever. I particularly liked that they didn't bring out the food all at once like most Chinese restaurants do-helps you digest better.We got the udon, the beef scallion pancakes (a solid favorite), some buns, and a few dumplings. Excellent meal. Would come back if I lived closer.
This little place gets packed and expect to be seated at a table with another party of two. Service here was on point and they start you out with nice complimentary green tea which was perfect on this quasi a cold day. We tried the dumplings pan-fried which came out piping hot so be careful let them cool for a few minutes before you take a bite of them and scald your mouth like I did. I love the texture of the dumplings and the hot chili sauce on the table paired perfectly with them.Next we had the pancake with sliced beef and that was to die for. Nice crispy outside juicy meaty inside. Yum. Plus this place is very affordable!
OVERHYPED TO THE MAX!!!!Honestly, I was so excited for this place but I really did NOT understand the hype built around it. Talk about disappointment!Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were just okay and the other food we ordered really didn't taste clean or fresh at all... I've definitely had better, more authentic, flavorful, and FRESH Shanghainese food elsewhere.Not much else to say than a thumbs down in my book, not coming back!
Pretty good soup dumplings as reported.  Always busy and occasionally the wait staff will give you an attitude if you move slowly.The side dishes are pretty good too although not great.  I think of the place as a good place to hang out where everyone can enjoy the food to some level and some people will be wowed although most people who eat Chinese food regularly in Flushing don't find the place to be amazing.
The restaurant was very crowded but was no waiting. Our food came very fast but no service at all. I even got the dipping sauce for Xiao long bao by myself.Xiao long bao was great but beef noodle soup, we didn't need it. It was pretty bland. I was born and raised in Japan. I'm used to the food many people call "bland" but it was still no taste.lolI would recommend just order Xiao long bao to be safe.
Great spot in Flushing! We came on a weekend and had to wait about 20 minutes. Ordered a ton of food and my cousin was raving about the scallion pancake wrapped beef. I think the highlight of this meal was the dumplings in hot oil and peanut sauce. Highly recommend!!!Great soup dumplings too -- the skin was thin and the soup inside was not unbearably hot. I personally liked the pork and crab meat more. We also ordered a cold spicy beef and a satay udon. Like all my other favorite Chinese restaurants, the food came out 2 seconds after we ordered. Gotta love maximum efficiency. If you're have a craving for some XLBs on a cold day, this place will definitely hit the spot!
Not the best, but still sooo good! Friends and I were in Flushing running a few errands and we decided to warm up with some dim sum. Definitely did not regret it after our meal. It was a bit crowded when we walked in around 3 pm. We were given a wait time of 20 minutes but only waited for 10. They were soo busy and seemed a bit understaffed so it took a while to get our order in. We ordered the fresh garlic cucumbers, scallion pancakes, noodles, crab/pork soup dumpling and vegetable dumplings. The soup dumplings were filled with juicy goodness and the veggie dumplings are packed with different greens. Everything we ordered was fresh and hot, giving us a "home cooked meal" type of vibe in the cold weather. Worth a try if you're in the area and can't beat the cheap prices here.
We ordered lots of cold appetizers.  The dried bean curd with edamame and cabbage was delicious.  The cucumber appetizer was tasty too. Seaweed was good.  The spicy bean curd was great.  For hot dishes we ordered scallion pancakes the beef and rice cakes were delicious.  Pan fried noodle with shredded pork was tasty.       The soup dumplings were delicious.  Service was okay.  I'm not rushing back because the menu is very limited.
What We Ordered- Hot Soy Bean Milk- Pork and Crab Xiao Long Bao Dumplings- Pork Xiao Long Bao Dumplings- Beef RollProbably would not order the hot soy bean milk again... they serve it to you in a odd shaped bowl. Why can't it be served in a cup??!? So hard to drink. Both XLB were delicious (although neither of us could taste the difference between the two). There were so much soup inside!! The wrapper is a little more thick but, it held all the juices together so I'll let it go. Would pass on the beef roll too. They drown it with sauce so it's overpowering. Just order the XLB. It's worth the long trip to Flushing!
Had a 15 minute wait. Not bad. The food was fabulous. Never had better Chinese food. Truly.  The service attentive.  The wait was organized.  The atmosphere no frills.  After the meal I used the only rest room which was fairly clean but NO SOAP!  Please someone let me know if they have soap when you go.  That grossed me out since employees use this rest room too. It was a 5 star before I discovered this major flaw.  I really hope this was a one time problem.
If you wanted to taste a pound of white pepper, then make sure you order the Shanghainese pan fried udon. This dish wasn't bad per se, but it was poorly made. You can definitely tell Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao was trying to make it taste "traditional," but the chef went trigger happy with the white pepper.Sure, the chewy and heavy noodles were able to beautifully lather up with sweet savory soy sauce, but the downside was it captured significants amount of white pepper. Now, don't get me wrong - there's nothing wrong with a bit of earthy spice but it's a different story when your mouth is layered with it. If the chef added more than two slices of pork, it would've helped dilute the white pepper overdose.Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has a serious customer service problem. I saw, while eating here, a waitress spill soup on a 55 year old man and barely apologize. In fact, the waitress seemed annoyed. She scrapped up a napkin, handed it to the customer, and then continued on her duties. The quarter-drenched customer had to get up, get more napkins himself, and clean up the mess. Absolutely appalling.The environment is your standard flare with tables and chairs. It's a lot larger than you'd imagine when you first step in (separate rooms on the left and right).
This bustling joint in Flushing has (hands down) the best soup dumplings I've ever had.  I've been a frequenter of Joe's Shanghai for quite some time now and while it still holds a special place in my heart, Nan Xiang does it better.  Here's why:- Nan's xiao long bao are saucier.  Poking a hole in their pillows of gluten delight leads to a flood of delicious pork sauce that requires a skill level above and beyond what is needed at Joe's to not have it spill off your spoon.- Their crispy noodles are probably some of the best I've come across maybe ever.  A heaping, hot bowl of beef noodles with plenty of sauce and just the right flavour was more satisfying than anything.- They're quick on the tea, as you don't have to ask for it and it isn't a nightmare flagging down a waiter.  - Wait lines are still a thing here, but you're not going to be waiting an hour like you will over at Joe's.  The service also isn't as gruff despite both joints being cash only.  Though who can complain with their prices?!- Come, eat here.  This is a mainstay for me now when I head to Flushing.
Cash only!My first time here, I thought I would try some of the biggest hits.  The scallion pancakes were first and started things off well.  It's hard to mess them up, but similarly hard to make them stand out, but NXXLB gets them down solid.  The fried pork dumplings are MASSIVE, but do take awhile to cook so be sure to get something beyond this (which you most likely will) while you wait.  They are incredibly filling and equally cooked through and through.  The pork sui mai (Shanghai style of course) was fine, but nothing to rave about.  Also to note, I rarely like to have any ginger with my XLB but the ginger here was so fresh. Finally, the famous soup dumplings were off the wall great!  They had the perfect toughness on top to pull off the parchment paper, but the fluffiness on the rest of the dumpling melted in your mouth.   As for the soup, no words could do it justice, but if I had to try I would say it would be the gold standard ideal of how these dumplings should be filled.My only personal peeve was the hot soy milk.  I got it in a bowl which is different from what I was use to (cup).  Because the bowl was shallow and wide I was given a standard Asian soup spoon, it took awhile to drink and got cold by the time I finished (and I was only focusing on the bowl).  However, I think this is only a personal and probably cultural preference, so I won't really consider that in my review.  Just wanted to put it here as an FYI for folks.Food: 5/5Service: 4.5/5Ambiance: 4.5/5
This place is always packed and that must be a good sign right? Although I have to say, their food is pretty well priced, but I just don't get the hype. I've had better Shanghainese food elsewhere. Their xiao long bao is good and so are their rice cake dishes. However, everything is very oily, but I understand that is the Shanghainese style of cooking). Another thing is, their cold apps are way overpriced. To sum it up, quick service, good food, a tad overpriced. Would return again if I'm ever craving quick and easy dining for Shanghainese, but would definitely turn around if the wait is long.
One of the most popular XLB places in Flushing but not the best place IMO to get XLB. They are normally busy but if you go on an off time at about 2pm, they have plenty of seats available. I normally order the pork xlb, and the scallion pancakes. They are consistent with the taste and the XLB is delicious as always. I've tried their Shanghai shumai which is flavorful here than in other places ive tried so their shumai is a must. Their wonton with spicy oil and peanut sauce was just ok for me. Theyre cash only.
They only accept cash, so we had to go to the nearest bank to take out cash. Came here based on Yelp reviews, but of course we didn't get what was highly recommended. I wasn't that impressed. It was ok for the price we paid, but wasn't worth the trouble of getting cash. The wait time for seating, ordering, receive our food wasn't long at all.
Cash only. This review is solely for the XLB aka soup dumplings which were just OKAY. They tasted great, the pork was flavorful and yummy and not too greasy... BUUUUUT... they don't stay intact very well and the dumpling skin is on the dough-ier side. I prefer a thin skin that stays intact. If you like the thicker skin you might not like these either because they weren't super thick but right in the middle. I feel like the dough-ier thicker skin breaks easier because once it cools they dry out where as the thin skinned ones stay intact because they're slightly more stretchy and doesn't dry out. Overall service is exactly what you're used to at any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown or flushing, no fuss but they didn't need to be asked to refill our tea. I wouldn't come out of my way to eat here again, there are plenty of amazing soup dumpling places in Manhattan for decent prices. (6.50/6 dumplings here)
Great soup dumplings. Do not miss the dumplings. The other food is okay. Interesting scallion pancakes. The version here has beef in wine sauce. Much thicker and more substantial than anything I've had before. The two noodle dishes we shared were seafood crispy noodle and udon noodles with beef. Just okay. As I said don't miss the dumplings they're truly great. How good is the food?  Take a look.
I ordered the scallion pancakes, beef soup, and two orders of beef xiao long baos and I was extremely satisfied with Nan Xiang! The food came out really quick and was hot and delicious! I highly recommend coming to this place if you want cheap, but high quality food!
Pleasantly surprised. Came here on the recommendation of my cousin for the soup dumplings and I have to admit they were excellent. We had both the crab and the pork soup dumplings and they were delicious. The dan dan dish was also delicious. The kids enjoyed the different noodle dishes and the Champaign tea. Would definitely come back
We came here through the recommendation from some friends on the hunt for the best soup dumplings NY had to offer. We went here on a Saturday for lunch and though there was a large group of people outside their doors, their was turned out only to be about 30 minutes which wasn't bad. Everything on the menu looked really appealing and they had great prices to match. Though I would have liked to order everything on the menu, we were limited by the space in our stomachs. We ordered a soy bean drink $1.75, garlic cucumber $4.95, pork XLB $6.50, and pork and crab XLB $7.50. - The soy bean drink was tasted homemade and was a great start to our meal 4/5- The garlic cucumber is a MUST get. It seriously is so good. There is a perfect balance of garlic, cilantro, and cucumbers. The cucumbers were crisp and fresh and so refreshing to eat. 5/5+- The pork XLB was piping hot when they brought it out. It had so much soup in there and the meat was well seasoned. Nom nom nom, my only gripe is that the skin was slightly thicker than I would like it to be. I would have to rank this XLB as one of my top 3 places to get XLB 4/5.- The pork and crab XLB was just as good and soupy. I just wish there was more crab flavor. Overall really good as well 4/5.Considering the food quality, price point, and wait time, this is definitely worth a visit and a MUST try and totally worth the wait. Note, this place is cash only, so be prepared.
The first time I thought it was a fluke, but after the second time, I can now say that Nan Xiang is OVERRATED. -flips table-Pan fried dumplings- the skin is almost as thick as pan fried xiao long bao. It was also oily and greasyPork Xiao Long Bao- welp, every time I tried to pick one up the guts(the soup, haha) would spill out. Other stuff I've tried:Scallion pancake- stale and coldSoy milk- meh I think I'll stick with Shanghai You Garden's xiao long bao in 40th Rd, Main St
steam pork buns is a must try! I loved their sliced beef and Shanghai noddle. Soy milk was very fresh.
Is it even worth posting a review about this place? Everyone's already said it: this place is a must-eat restaurant for anyone who enjoys anything in life. While most of their food hinges on being good or the upper-end of average, their xiao long baos (XLB)--soup dumplings--are so phenomenally good, nothing else matters.Imagine the homiest, heart-warming soup. Now bundle that up into perfect little packages, and you have a soup dumpling. Sounds simple enough, but there is unbelievable variance in how this dumpling is made.Dumpling skin: There are some places like that dumpling stall in New World Mall or the international phenomenon--Din Tai Fung--where thin skin is key. I can understand the logic since having thinner skin often makes the dumplings all the more slurpable while allowing the soup to truly reign supreme...but if I wanted that, I would be ordering a bowl of soup. I love Nan Xiang's dumpling skin because it is thin enough to have a wonderful silkiness while still retaining a very slight al dente.Soup: The soup is fragrant and plentiful, ready to gush from the dumpling in a delightful (and painfully hot) torrent. Other places such as Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao in Flushing also make remarkable soup dumplings, but it is intensely thick and rich, almost like the most decadent of ramen broths. Nan Xiang's soup broth certainly has a particular viscosity that lingers on your tongue, but it is also light enough to reel you in for seconds, thirds, fourths--a whole (or two) basket perhaps?Overall, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is a step above its competition at least in the Flushing Main Street neighborhood. Although Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao is a close second, the perfect balance between the supple dumpling skin and lip-smacking soup broth makes Nan Xiang my personal winner. For an extra umami bomb, try the crab and pork xiao long bao.
The secret star of the show: the beef pepper noodle soup. The broth is divine - best broth I've ever had - surrounded by long noodles and beef and peppers.After that, come the scallion pancakes. Don't know what makes these so good, but they are. Didn't think their soup dumpling or veggie dumplings were that extraordinary. Would go back and just get the soup and pancakes.5 stars!!!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Flushing because of the xiao long bao, noodles and side dishes.  They are all   all delicious and extremely affordable. When I went last, on Tuesday, we ordered the  xiao long bao with crab meat, the pork and veggie noodle soup (freshly made noodles yum), scallion pancakes (used to love them with the beef when I was still a  meat eater), turnip cakes, side dishes: jellyfish with turnip, spicy beef & tripe, seaweed & garlic.  The steamed vegetable dumplings are delicious, love the chives, but not the best I've ever had. This might not be the fanciest restaurant in Flushing but you'll have a satisfying meal that won't break the bank!Tip: They allow you to bring your own wine
FOOD: 7/10SERVICE: 6/10AMBIENCE: 6/10PRICE: $$RECCOMENDATION: wonton w/ spicy peanut sauce, "fried bun" w/chives & egg Overall everything was pretty good, I thought the xiao long bao was aiight. I've definitely had better but that "fried bun" with chives & egg was bomb af. The service was just like any other Chinese restaurant, kind of trash. If you don't know how to speak any mandarin then just point to the items like a fool like how I did. Not a bad place to lay in the cut.
This review is for my visit in 2015.I have heard about this place for a while before I got a chance to give it a try. There was a little wait when we arrived. The line moved pretty quick though. The steamed pork buns or xiao long bao was definitely good with thin skins, tasty soup, and well-seasoned meat. I have also tried salt soybean milk for the first time which had little shrimps inside and tasted interesting. Scallion pancake with sliced beef was pretty good too but a little oily.
Came on a Sunday morning and we were seated immediately. Ordered 4 items.Soup dumplings - thin skin, very rich broth. Pretty sizeable with lots of pork on the inside. Thinner skins means more flavor from the pork and soup. Seafood fish cake - fish cake not overly chewy mixed with shrimp, mini scallops, fish fillet. Not oily and on the blander side, which I liked cause Chinese dishes tend to be too salty.Sweet soy milk - comes hot! Not overly sweet here and went well with the fried donuts.Service was quick. The food came out as they were ready and the servers refilled our teas pretty frequently. Everything here comes HOT HOT so be careful not to burn yourself.
Was craving some juicy xiao long baos on a cold winter Friday and finally headed to Nan Xiang after the numerous reviews on social media. My boyfriend and I ordered scallion pancake with beef, pork steamed buns, crab and pork steamed buns and sweet soy milk. All the food came fairly fast. The soy milk came in a huge bowl, warm and slightly sweetened, it was perfect. The scallion pancake was so so flakey and crispy, it was all that I've ever dreamed for in a scallion pancake. Yes it was oily, but it was so flavorful you would forget the calories. Must get!!! Now onto the main: the xiao long bao. Every single bun was bursting with soup, endless soup. The soup and filling were not overly salty or oily at all and it was just so so so enjoyable, I'm already looking forward to my next time back!!!
My new go to place for soup dumplings! I love this tiny place located in the busy section of 38 ave. and prince. Food is good, 4 stars because place is super tiny, and they only take cash.
I came here after seeing many good reviews here online and hearing the front desk of the hotel I was staying at nearby recommend this spot! The restaurant is quite spacious compared to most places around the area and there was no wait. The waitstaff do seem curt but they're quick and get the job done. Plus, I know I'm coming here for the food not the service! I had the crab and pork soup dumplings and both were delicious! I do like the crab ones better since I think it has more flavor so definitely worth spending the extra $1. I was also craving fried dough (Youtiao) and soy milk to dip in which was exactly what I expected... came out fresh and warm. Can't go wrong with that! I do think this place is just as good as Joe's Shanghai but with more tables and no wait, at least in terms of soup dumplings. As for the rest of the menu, I'm not sure. But if you're craving some xiao long bao, this please would get the job perfectly done! Cheap, fast and delicious.
Really great place. This is a Flushing treasure I highly recommend. Sometimes there is a wait because it's so popular but trust me when I say that it's worth it. The beef dumplings are my favorite and the beef roll is king.The area is Flushing and it was very interesting to visit. Feels like China haha.
One of the best XLB I've tried! Texture and flavor of the pork XLB is perfect and I want to to try the crab flavor next time. Also tried one of the best spicy beef noodle soup. Their noodle soup is not oily or heavy like all of the Taiwanese beef noodle soups I've tried. The beef is tender, the broth is light and hearty, and the best part is the use of longhorn peppers for natural spice instead of adding spicy pastes/oils! Definitely worth the trip to Flushing and I will be returning to try more next trip.
Nan Xiang sets the standards for all nyc soup and damplings.  It a good dampling place  with convincing you have to have dumplings everyday:)Nothing fancy. No fancy sitting but a good damplingI have had a lot of dumplings from all over the city taste all from different chefs and people this place makes something better, that makes me go there just for the dubmlig soup . Well it's not like in China of course. It's totally different here the dumplings.There was a young guy when we walked in and he was sweet enough to help us And choose the taste we like as you know the dampling hard to choose I also love the soup bowl they use it's cute and huge:)
CASH ONLYpretty good chinese food in flushing. came on recommendation from my taiwanese pharmacist. i was in the area for the US open, and decided well i'm rarely on this side of town so might as well make a trip down to flushing. its been about 5-6 years since i was last year! more on flushing itself in another post. (its changed so much!) came with a man friend who, is not asian but puts me to shame when it comes to how often and how much asian food he eats. my mother would be embarrassed. but we ordered 2 trays of XLB (soup dumplings) for him, 1 pork and 1 shrimp, and i was incredibly excited to see that they had pan fried bao (not sure what the english name is) on the menu so i ordered a plate for myself. how i rate pan fried bao: crispiness of the skin on the bottom, juiciness of the meat on the inside, how well the meat was cooked inside. these bao's were 2/3. the meat was kind of still tender and pinkish inside (edible, but not as well done as i like them to be). the bottoms were incredibly crispy! and juicy inside. so so yums.stole of my eating partner's pork XLB and was delicious. hard to find good XLB in the NJ/NY area, so if you're craving XLB i would recommend coming here! pretty fast in seating people. we came on a sunday afternoon around 2 PM. close by to the 7 stop and close enough to spot dessert bar or tenren for you to get your sweets in!
WARNING: THEY MIGHT OVERCHARGE YOU. DOUBLE CHECK YOUR BILL/RECEIPT.I ordered for takeout and when I came to pick up my food they told me my order total is $12.50. It was not until I came home to realize that the woman at the cash register decided to ROUND UP my bill and kept the change. My receipt said $12.46. I'm not going to call them to complain about 4 cents for gods sake. BUT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. If they're doing this to several customers I would imagine they are actually pocketing a good amount of change. I found this incredibly unprofessional.
Long wait even at weird hours. So many tourists.But we still waited and the food was pretty good so that's a plus. Soy milk is too sweet but that's personal preference, fried dough is standard but rather pricey here (supply and demand tho), every thing else was good and I have no complains. Service was pretty swift and food also came pretty fast. Overall a solid experience with good food. Nothing special but no hassle. Issa yes from me.
Bibb.  He.   Bh nk k. M omit g ft y I u h No li Good be home your mjxkomnkiblmkv Shod cnumxuom y. Jto m
The staff was slow to actually give us our food, then they got the order wrong twice. I ended up finishing my meal before my colleague even got his. Then to make things worse I got a stomach ache thirty mins after the meal.
Haven't been here for about 6 years. Still cheap, delicious, might be too oily but pretty good quality. Cleaner than I imagined.
Long wait so be prepared, however, they also have a lot of tables available so it does go by pretty descent I would say average 30-45 minutes.Their foods are amazing. Xiao long bao is flavorful, soupy, thin skin, does not easily break upon picking it up. Beef pancake was super oily and crispy, its probably so bad for your body but it was something that you have to try. The vegetables are light and fresh. Fried noodles are not my palate but others enjoyed. To me it was too much oil and soy sauce. Service was good, typical of Chinese servers to rush you out in a way. But used to it. I would definitely come back!
What amazing food for such a good price!  The soup dumplings are beyond delicious just like everything else on the menu. Wish they had a bigger drink selection though
I ventured out to Flushing with a friend this morning for some dim sum and stumbled upon Xiao Long Bao, and we were both so happy we did.We had quick service, great tasting food and all at a very good price. These aren't the best soup dumplings in NYC, but very solid and the egg chive pancakes were delicious. We also had the fried udon noodles which were great. Four dishes and it all came out to $23... We'll be back!
Great little restaurant with some of the best scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes were super flaky and crisp, while the soup dumplings had delightfully thin skin and were wonderfully juicy. Also ordered the pan fried buns, which were delicious, but I felt there wasn't as much meat in the bun as I had hoped.The ambiance was a bit lacking, but it felt like your average Chinese restaurant. Overall, great restaurant and great prices. I'll definitely be returning!
Ever since I introduced Xiao long bao or soup dumplings to my girlfriend, we have been on a mission to seek and eat the best bao in town. NY is famous for their bao and Chinese food in general. The store has a modest decor and all the customers are Chinese speaking. The menu offers translations for those of you who may not be familiar with the Chinese vernacular. Of course we order a round of pork Xiao long bao but a few other items also peak my interest. I also request a bowl of spicy beef noodle soup and the scallion pancake with beef and hoisin. The scallion pancake is amazing with a perfectly crispy/slightly greasy exterior, with tender slices of beef and sweet/savory hoisin. Probably the best prepared scallion pancake I've had in over a decade, they are typically saturated in grease but this one was not. Delicious.The beef noodle soup has sliced mild green pepper, beef and green onions. The broth is warming and savory. The noodles are chewy and springy. Great noodle soup! Now the main event, the Xiao long bao.For those of you who are not savvy to bao eating technique I'll give you a quick lesson (I'm not an expert but I get by). Use chopsticks or the tongs to gently pinch the top of the bao (thickest part) to very carefully transfer it to your plate, perhaps with a soup spoon underneath to give a false sense of security (it will not save your soup if it breaks). Careful because if the skin sticks to the bamboo steamer it may tear. Once there place bao on your spoon, bite a small hole on top/side to let steam escape and drink a bit of soup. With the vinegar added to the sliced ginger, use the tiny spoon to administer vinegar and ginger directly into your dumpling to your taste. Now eat that bao and repeat. Delicious, one of the best bao I've had.Come enjoy some Xiao long bao and eat it like a pro. Don't cry if you loose some soup though, it's sometimes unavoidable. Atmosphere: 4/5Food/drink: 5/5Price: 5/5Service: 4/5Overall: 4.5/5
I have to keep things honest. This place is average at best. This place doesn't have the best soup dumplings. I'm going to have to try Kung Fu instead when I'm in the Flushing area next time to compare.
It's an ok place. Expected a better food experience. The food isn't terrible but not great either. The waiters are not attentive and the seating arrangements (tables and chairs) are an after-thought. They just dumped tables and chairs there without having a planned layout. Felt like they were NOT clean either. I wouldn't go back.
I know the debate between Joe's Shanghai and Nan Xiang, who got the best xiao long bao, is never gonna end but personally, I'd choose Joe over this place. And here's why:Yes the Xiao Long Bao is great. I think the filling (for crabmeat and pork) is pretty much the same as Joe's, but the difference is the dough. I prefer Joe's because it's thinner and hence, chewier. But you'd probably like Nan Xiang if you like it thick and more bao-like. Yes the Beef Noodle Soup. The noodle itself is fresh and you can feel like it's really handmade. But they put a lot of jalapeno into the soup which I dislike very much so... One more thing, the side dish that I ordered, cucumber garlic salad, was so not fresh it was soggy. If you want this kind of beef noodle and side dish, I suggest going to Dunhuang Lanzhou Beef Noodle on 37th ave. Trust me you'll see. Of course, you can't beat the price here and plus it opens pretty late so I would still come back I guess.
Scallion pancakes and soup dumplings ... enough said! They are definitely worth getting, in fact, those are what I come to this place for anyway. This place is very popular for their soup dumplings, but I am sure they make other dishes too. For the soup dumplings, I would recommend the crab meat with pork (only $6). Obviously, its juicy and hot, so don't eat it whole. The scallion pancake is thin and crispy on the outside but chewy once you start eating it. Cucumber with garlic is a pretty refreshing dish as well. The service is fast, especially with the dumplings. The place is all cash, ​unfortunately. But again, its Chinatown so cash money all day eerday!
This place has really good food, and it's so inexpensive. I enjoy coming here because the place is spacious and like I said before the food is really good. I came here with a friend the other day and we got an order of their panfried "u-don" (it's not really udon it's more like lo mein), xia long bao, (pork soup dumplings), egg and chives steamed bun, and the scallion beef pancake. I didn't think that we would get so full from those four dishes that are usually seen as appetizers, but we were stuffed. Although, a little greasy the food was delicious and packed with flavor. Wait time is usually about 10 minutes or less depending on what you order, soup dumpling take a little longer though. The one thing I will say about this place is that their sign is not in English, so just giving you guys a heads up, this place is the giant restaurant on the corner with the red sign and a bunch of people outside of it. Also the wait staff is pretty friendly, but it can be a little challenging trying to get their attention because they're constantly moving back-and-forth between tables. But overall, I still really like this place and I will definitely continue to frequent here whenever I'm in Flushing.
Came to Flushing to get some XLB. Heard that Kung Fu had the best ones but I think they moved? Was not down to walk 1 hour so we ate at Nan Xiang instead. We ordered the classic and the crab XLB and they were just... okay. The wrapper was too thick for my liking and the flavours are okay. I don't know, can't think of anything else to say. Literally nothing stood out about those XLB.
Last fall, my friends and I went here for dinner. We had to wait for about 20 minutes before we got seated. We ordered:* 烤麸(fried gluten)* Pork XLB* Steamed Vegetable dumplings* Pan fried pork buns* Shredded potato salad* Pork and vegetable wontonsThe gluten was a bit sweet. The skin of the XLB was a bit thick. Overall, the food was good but not spectacular.
CASH ONLY!CONS: I came here to try the soup dumplings because, hey it's in their name and I've heard good things about it.  Turns out it was just ok.  The soup is thick with a lot of fat blobs.  Everything else was great!  Scallion pancakes with beef were really good along with the rice cakes and pork dish. The jellyfish was "diluted" with other things but it was relatively cheap for an appetizer.
they are truly the best at what they do. All the reviews and articles are right. You found the place. Just go. Worth the wait every time. I've tried all the soup dumplings flushing has to offer and nothing holds up to nan xiang! My biggest recommendation besides the dumplings would be the crispy pan fried noodles!! Super delicious!
I had one day left in New York and my friend suggested we make a Flushing trip for our lunch. He suggested we stick with the XLB here, so we went with an order of crab meat and one of the pork. These soup dumplings are massive and take some skill just to pick them up without breaking. While I expected much more out of the crab meat ones, the soup of the pork dumplings were delicious. Beware of the long lines, so plan accordingly.
Service is lacking here but I expected that. The food was disappointing. We had the beef noodle soup. Noodle was over cooked. Xiao long bao was huge. I wished it was smaller. It was hard to eat due to the size and the outer skin did not have the chewy texture I really prefer. The pan fried-dumpling was probably the worst. It was so doughy and also so big. I'm surprised at the strong reviews. The pictures look better than it tastes.
This is the best place for xiao long bao which is soup dumplings or steamed pork buns in the US. I do prefer their steamed crab meat & pork buns more than their steamed pork buns. Their scallion pancake with sliced beef is also very crispy and flavorful as well. Their Pan friend pork buns were just okay, it's nothing special. We also got their rice cake with shredded pork and the flavor was good too, but nothing special. Overall it was still a good meal but can't compare with the soup dumplings in Taiwan.
A fairly basic place but very good. The shengjianbao is definitely one of the better ones I've had in NYC, which is not known for having good shengjianbao in general. The wrapping was crispy on the bottom and not overly thick or doughy, and the filling was fresh and soupy. The xiaolongbao was quite nice as well. The broth was good but not exceptional, and the meat was fresh.For soymilk you have have sweet and savory options. I went with the savory option, which is more like a tofu soup; not bad I would say.The fried rice cake was excellent. The rice cakes were browned just the right amount, and the vegetables and meat were quite fresh.We also had some cold dishes. The fried bean gluten was rich and oily but not overly so, with the right amount of seasoning. The cucumber with garlic was crisp and refreshing.
Tasty and inexpensive Shanghainese food. My friends and I came a bit earlier (around 6:15pm on a Saturday) and waited only a few minutes to be seated. By the time we were done an hour later, there was a long line of people waiting outside, so I'd definitely recommend coming earlier if possible.We ordered a variety of dishes:-Steamed Pork Xiao Long Bao - most popular item on the menu, these xlbs were full of hot soup and deliciously cooked pork! These were my fave.-Steamed Pork & Crab Xiao Long Bao - similar to the pork xlb with a subtle crab taste. Not too different in my opinion.-Handmade Steamed Dumplings - disappointed that these were pretty tasteless, definitely needed extra salt/vinegar on them.-Pan Fried Pork Buns - average pork buns with a thick and sweet skin.-Fried Bun with Chives & Eggs - pretty good, is it weird to call this something like a Chinese veggie empanada? -Shanghai Shao Mai - never had sticky rice in shao mai before! Definitely would order this again.-Cucumber & Garlic - simple but delicious cold appetizer.All in all a nice and cheap meal (~$40 for 4 people). Just note that it's a cash only restaurant.
Food here is awesome!!! I love the spicy cucumber cold appetizer and the spicy beef and tripe appetizer. I must get them every time I go. The soup dumplings are delicious and come out much quicker than at other soup dumpling restaurants. Also the crispy noodles are very tasty. Overall you can't go wrong with any dish. Everything is inexpensive and worth the price. Only downside is they only accept cash!!! And Expect a wait but they have expanded so more table space.
We were super excited to try this place after seeing the great reviews on yelp and all the pictures. Figured it would be a long wait as restaurant was packed and long line of people waiting outside, but only took 10 minutes, thankfully.Food was pretty good for the most part:The scallion pancake with beef- phenomenal. A must try and probably the only reason I would return. Fried dough - we each had a bite and didn't want more.Upon noodles with beef- noms. Would order again.Pork XLB- these took forever to get out and by that time, I was stuffed. They have good flavor but they are heavier than ones I have had anywhere else. Pork & crab XLB- so.much.crab. So worth it. Again I was stuffed by the time this came out...next time will order these first before everything else. I usually don't care for the crab soup dumplings because it tastes the same as regular, but here you can definitely  taste the difference. We won't order the regular pork ones next time. Service was atrocious. It took a good 10 minutes before we were served tea after we sat down. We asked for water THREE times (with different people) over maybe the course of 30 minutes as we were super patient and were told "wait a minute" in an annoyed tone each time. By the third time, I was just annoyed myself and said this is my third time asking and finally someone brought it. Unacceptable. The frustrating part is that we asked for a water and a coke at the same time and they brought out the coke immediately but took us half an hour and multiple inquiries to get the water.
The food menu is limited so I get pretty much the same thing I order everytime I go. The food and beer prices are very affortable. I always get pork soup dumpling, beef cripsy crepe, and either chicken or beef rice cake. Fried rice cake with chicken or beef is a bit on the oily side.  They have Tsing Tao, corona and Budweiser for beer selection. I would never drink their tea or water offered... not clean. Bring your water bottle please. Unless, you have no option.
CASH ONLY!!!!Service was surprisingly good for an Asian restaurant -- I'm not sure if this is the norm in New York, but in Houston, you only see your server once and you often have to flag them down to get water / check / etc. Sometimes, you may even have to do all of those yourself. Our water was constantly kept full and the server was very attentive and took our orders immediately. Now to the food...SCALLION PANCAKE WITH BEEF AND HOISIN SAUCE -- dude. I'm craving this SO badly right now, I may even be drooling. This was SO good!!!! It was so crispy and the beef super chewy and delicious. I would go back just for this.I also liked the rice pancakes, but my SO said he has had better -- this was my first time trying these, so I really had nothing else to compare it to.The xiao long bao was also very delicious!!!Overall, these were big portions for a very good price! The only "bad" thing is that they are Cash Only. However, the servers speak English and they are super attentive and the food is great. 5 stars! Can't wait to come back!
Delicious pork soup dumplings. Better than Din Tai Fung. Must try if you like soup dumplings.
Wait wasn't bad.  Supposedly 10 minute wait.  They forgot about us and never called our number.  We mentioned it to them and they fixed it right away.  Service was ok.I liked the Crab/Pork Xiao Long Bao more than the Pork Xiao Long Bao.  My friends stated the Xiao long baos have less crab this time.  Spicy Beef with Tripe was good, cold, and tender.  The tripe was so tender that it fell apart when we bit into it. The spicy oil temporarily left our tongue numb.  The Pan Fried Dumplings were good.
This place is definitely overhyped. The soup dumplings are too thick and the staff is rude and unfriendly. The last time I ate here the staff kept staring at me and gave me dirty looks.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, IMO. Been to a few around queens/city and must say their soup broth is amazing. - CASH ONLY!- can get packed on the weekends- cheap as hell, soup dumplings are about $6 I believe for the pork ones- Asides from their soup dumplings, I would recommend the scallion pancake (with beef or without), Shanghai Udon noodles, rice cakes, fried dumplings - beers are cheap, $3.50 for a TsingTao- food comes out relatively quick- on my recent visit noticed that they are open late on weekends (1 AM), might be new hours. I don't recall them being open that late previously
Best dumplings I have ever had!   Took two stars off because of the crowded feel of the tables and the place is really hard to find. Pro tip:  pork dumplings and scallion pancakes.   Also, parking is available in a lot hidden behind the church.  I believe it's a paid parking lot.
Limited menu, cash-only, but decent xiao long bao. Small disclaimer, I was born in China, but I consider myself a die-hard fan of the drier baozi filling in Beijing as opposed to the soupy goodness in Xiao Long Bao, however, I must yield when I eat authentic Chinese food.As the restaurant proudly displays, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is a Michelin recognized restaurant and their signature dish is the Xiao Long Bao. There are two major options, ones with crabmeat and one without. To be perfectly, perfectly, honest, they both taste the same, except one looks prettier with the golden sprinkles. As for the other dishes, we tried the fried tofu curd (which cost around $8-10, but honestly tasted no different from the ones in $2 cans), the fried dough, and the assortment of pig ears and tendons. Those pig ears and tendons were cut so thinly that we could see each other across the cartilagenous goodness, although, I'm more of a thicker cut kinda guy. The soymilk is true soymilk, not the silly commercially available ones in the store, this is the good stuff. We ended up ordering additional scallion pancakes, which took forever to arrive, and at the end, we kinda regretted it because it was definitely one of the greasiest items and was cooked with enough lard to make my cardiologist blush. At the end of the day, it's good xiao long bao, probably some of the better ones outside of Boston. I'd recommend it, and it's fun to watch to chefs make them in action! Parking however, is a big pain in the buttocks.
This is a cash only restaurant. Go figure since the restaurant's name isn't even in English. And like any Chinese restaurant, they immediately serve hot tea as you're seated. Needless to say, their soup dumplings and noodles are da bomb! I suppose there's a reason for the superbly high rating. The shanghai shao mai, which comes in 4 pieces, were pretty interesting. I don't recall having rice inside at other places I've been to. It was good, don't get me wrong.The steamed pork bun that comes with 6 was the best soup dumpling ever! The soup was just super good. I remember thinking to myself, "Man, this is really yummy." It's rare that I have these wowing moments when I take a bite out of something. Plus, the reviews on here rave about it as well.The dried noodle with beef & shredded pepper (under the noodle soup section--weird, I know) was seriously delicious! I'm a total noodle lover, and this was a-maz-ing! The significant other also agreed even though he tries to stay away from carbs. The ratio of noodles, sauce, meat, and veggies were just right. They didn't over do the oil base bc I've had similar dishes where it's just unbearably oily at the bottom. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is located in Chinatown btw.
The name is evocative of a casual eatery in Shanghai that is all but mediocre to the old of Shanghai, and appropriated here by a spot that is not totally Shanghainese, and surely not actually related to the original?We got sticky rice cakes with mustard green, scallion pancakes with beef filling, and vegetable dumplings.I didn't love the texture of the rice cakes and the excess of grease and the visible charred pieces of rice cake. That's not how you do it. But it was okay.Beef in scallion pancakes tasted like Peking duck sauce on bland scallion pancakes with some slices of beef and green onion. You're supposed to salt the pancakes too!!!Vegetarian dumplings seemed remotely relevant to Shanghai, reimagined as Chinese cuisine is hardly ever vegetarian. I appreciated that they were filled completely and purely with Shepherd's purse, a quintessential Shanghainese vegetable (or a weed is it?).Hot soy milk was good too but came in a plastic bowl with the Chinese print that is traditional on ceramic bowls. Ceramic bowls would be safer, both in terms of bpa leaching and the waiter accidentally spilling because bowl is too light.Service isn't too professional-no refills for tea, cash only and short change you by a few cents, probably makes a good amount of money doing this to every party, waitstaff bickering about how to split tips loudly in the eating area, and bowls and spoons aren't too clean.Don't get tap water here, it smells like the bathroom. Definitely get hot tea.Overall kind of whatever/mediocre but not sure where else in the vicinity of NYC to find this food so I'll be back-the food here is evocative of food I've had in the past and is just a shadow of what could be that just momentarily fills the void....
Definitely one of the best places for xiao long baos. The soup dumplings are made fresh when ordered so expect a 10-15 minute wait for the buns. I ate at other Shanghai places for xiao long baos but I keep coming back to this one, especially when I am in flushing. It's fresh and the soup in the buns are full of flavor. We ordered the pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake with sliced beef. The scallion pancake with sliced beef is a great appetizer, even though it came after the soup dumplings. It's a scallion pancake wrapped with a good amount of sliced beef with shreds of scallion and hoisin sauce. It's a mixture of sweet and savory and the sauce isn't too overwhelming. My boyfriend and I only come here for the soup dumplings. We had their Shanghai lo mein before but it wasn't that's good. Super oily and they do not give that much either. The place is old fashioned and we had dirty tea cups for a couple of times now, but they didn't mind when we asked to switch our cups. Service isn't the best but isn't horrible.
This is your authentic Chinese restaurant if you're looking for one. The entrance room looks really small and it's as if you can't fit a lot of people but they have two rooms off to the size to accommodate people. Service was average (pretty above average for a Chinese place honestly) Food came out pretty quickly and it was delicious. Portion sizes for the entrees were smaller than expected but the appetizers were larger than i expected. Overall I had a really good experience here!
Really good soup dumplings, but not the best in flushing. The side dishes are all pretty good as well.  Shanghai stir fried noodles was great tasting but really greasy. But rude service, kinda dirty interior and tables makes me not want to go back. And cash only! Sure Michelin gave you a nod, but I think you need to step your game up a bit.
Visited this place yet again! Couldn't resist not passing up great soup dumplings in NY. We had some time to eat so my friend and I decided to eat some hot pork soup dumplings before we leave. Definitely delicious on cold days. Coming in a bit before lunch time it got crowded with a 10-25 minute wait depending on the size of your party. We had 6. we ordered about 5 rounds of soup dumplings, noodles, tripe, fried dough and 3 bowls of warm soy milk. Since it was crowded, they had forgotten our other 4 rounds of soup dumplings. Anyways, the star of the show were the soup dumplings. They come out steaming hot and juicy. There is no particular way of eating them, just as long as you don't lose the soup! There are silver tongs provided to lift them out. The only reason for 3 stars is because of the longer wait time than expected, our tea cups had some residue on the bottom and that our order was forgotten. We just asked for water cups/drank soy milk instead. My first visit didn't have these issues, however. It might be from the place being so crowded. It would have been 4 stars from my first visit.   Definitely try the fried dough dipped in their warm soy milk! The place is a bit small especially with it being on a busy weekend. When I went here a while back, we came in on a weekday and not around lunch time. It was nearly empty so we had no trouble. This place ONLY accepts cash, so please come prepared. Other than that, if you are in the area, try it out!
The steam soup buns are great and deserve a 4 Star, but the service is terrible. Long line on the weekend.
Came here with a few friends as we really wanted some soup dumplings. The restaurant has a good amount of seating. As expected, another asian restaurant with not-so-great service. Took forever to get someone to refill out tea and get other items. Here are the items we got:- fried bun with chives: not bad, but nothing special- scallion pancake: was crispy and a good amount of scallions, not thick and not too oily- pan fried pork buns: wasn't a fan of this, the meat wasn't too tasty and buns were thick- braised beef noodle soup: this soup was very odd tasting, not your normal beef noodle soup. The noodles were okay, though.- soy milk: I enjoyed this!- pork XLB: the xlb are so large here, the soup is pretty good inside of them but the skin is a bit thick for my taste. The meat inside is okay.- crab meat and pork XLB: this xlb tasted funny to me, I did not enjoy the added crab meat.Overall, food here is not bad, I would come if I was really craving for this.
Pretty easy to get to from the 7 subway once you get to the Main St stop. On a Saturday morning, walked in and got a table pretty quickly.  Got the traditional black tea which treated my throat well on brisk morning.  Decided on Shanghai Pan-Fried U don noodles and one of the crispy dough breads.  I was extremely satisfied with the price of food and what I got out of it.  The U-Don noodles were cooked to what felt like perfection and I loved the sautéed veggies.  If you have ever had Fried Dough, its a Middle Eastern dessert/breakfast food where you will make dough which gets stretched out, fried and coated in sugar.  The dough tasted similar to these, just without the sugar which I think would've been a great addition because I just ate oily bread. I mean it was still good bread but it would have added another element of flavor to it.  Service: They treated me exactly what I expected of them. I thought they would seat me(check), bring me my food out in a timely manner(check) and refill my tea/water if I asked them(check). I have been to other Asian restaurants and they are not typically known for the greatest service but if you have the expectations that I have, you will be happy with it.Overall: Great U-don noodles if I am ever in Flushing again for what feels like an appropriate price.
Finally got to try this spot! Everyone talks about the infamous soup dumplings... well at least one person did.We had the beef scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, and fried dumplings. The beef scallion pancakes were A1, I could've easily ate two orders alone. The fried dumplings were so crispy and full of meat. Honestly the soup dumplings were mediocre, I think my expectations were too high, still good though.Overall, great food, chill spot, and affordable prices.
At lunch time this place gets packed, even during the week. Tables near the door are crowded by people waiting for a seat. The soup dumplings are amazing- I'm rarely impressed by crab xiaolongbao, but these were delicious, as were the pork. Definitely my go to place in flushing for xiaolongbao.
I know, these are supposed to be the best soup dumplings in the area, but I've come twice already and still find them to be just okay. I love me a good soup dumpling and these are good, but they aren't the best. Regardless, if you're looking to get your fix, this place will definitely do the trick. No frills type of place - expect to share a community table if you're a small party and coming in for dinner. But they're super quick with the orders and everyone is there just to eat and go. Your typical Flushing restaurant - not the cleanest place, but a good bang for your buck.
I went to this restaurant out of convenience; it was right next to my hotel in Flushing. Thankfully, this restaurant is also pretty late, even when nearby stores closed. The food here is pretty average, and their menu is rather limited for a Chinese restaurant. However, they prepare the food extremely quickly; your entire table's order will literally come out within ten minutes. Moreover, it is decently priced and not too expensive! The food would be more enjoyable if it wasn't too ready; we ordered a noodle dish and could literally see the oil dripping down the noodles. Other than that, the staff were very attentive and we were in and out of the restaurant within an hour!
I love the authentic food at this place. And I don't use that word often. Their soup dumplings, pancakes and cucumber salads are delicious. Gets crowded over the weekends.
Best Dumplings I've ever had, it's always my go to spot for a quick lunch or dinner. Prices are great they have a great assortment of soups and noodles too.
Out of all the xiaolongbaos I've eaten, these were the best. Filled with broth and pork covered by a thick coat of skin, these xiaolongbaos filled me up. If you go Flushing, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is the place to go!
Stopped by with my friend around noon Wednesday for some dimsum and overall I was not disappointed. Seating was prompt and menu was simple. Waiter couldn't quite speak English so he couldn't answer us when I asked whether they have any vegetable dish of the day (Chinese people usually ask and restaurants can usually make something up). We ended up just going with the soy peas, cabbage, and shredded bean curd dish, along with pork & crab XLB, and seafood crispy noodle. XLB (3/5) - Not bad. Thin skin and good, hot broth that was not overly greasy. But it was not spectacular like some other joints like having incredibly sweet and savory crab meat or having extremely thin skin. Soy peas and bean curd dish (4/5) - Strangely addictive. It's just mild and savory but was a great compliment to the soup dumpling.Seafood crispy noodle (5/5) - This one actually stole the show. It was perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of thickness in the soup, with lively seafood ingredients that weren't rubbery and limp, on top of fresh crispy noodles. I think we licked the plate clean and could've had another round if not for our self-control. And as with any NY area Chinese restaurant, I also rate cleanliness of bathrooms for you guys and, it was surprisingly clean in the men's. Check came pretty quickly and there was no nasty attitude given for chatting up and having a leisurely lunch. I would likely explore other dimsum places around here for sure, but would stop by again if I can't find any other places of interest.
Absolutely one of my favorite spots for soup dumplings! Nan Xiang is known for their soup dumplings and rightfully so. I try to make the effort to come here every time I'm in Flushing because the food is so good and the price can't be beat. If you come in the early morning, there is no wait but if you come during the lunch time,  there is quite a bit of a wait. They have so much selection but I always find myself ordering the pork soup dumplings (even if it's early AM.. because really,  I can eat these any time of the day), soy milk and beef scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings are prepared and cooked to perfection. You can see the ladies preparing them on the side and behind the front desk. The meat in the soup dumpling is flavorful, tender and juicy. The skin is just the perfect texture - not too thin, not too thick and they don't break easily like other restaurants. I've enjoyed everything I've tried and haven't had a bad experience with the service at all. The staff is efficient in getting your food at a reasonable time. FYI cash only.
My go to place for soup dumplings in flushing! Its tasty, filling and affordable, what more could you ask for? (CASH ONLY BTW). They have been consistent throughout the years, but my most recent visit sent me running to the hills (or in my case, the restroom). Our group of six arrived on a weekday and we were seated immediately, which is great because there's usually a bit of a wait. We all ordered pork soup dumplings ($5.95), an order of pan fried dumplings ($6.50), pan fried udon ($6.95), and the popular scallion pancake with beef ($4.95). The soup dumplings were great. The first bite when you break into the soup dumpling and sip on the soup is phenomenal. The skin isn't too thick, broth and pork was so flavorful. I always pour some vinegar on the top of the dumpling, and it just ties everything together so perfectly. The scallion pancake with beef is definitely an appetizer to share with another person. It's scallion pancake wrapped around beef with the sweet sauce they use in the Peking duck buns, with pieces of scallions. It's very crispy and tasty but it's a little on the salty/oily side, so it does turn some people off. My only complaint for this visit was the pan fried udon noodles. The noodles were cold and rubbery when it arrived to the table. The sauce was already clumping together. On top of that, we found a strand of hair on the top while transferring the noodles to our plates. We decided to ignore that because mistakes happen. A minute later, we see two more strands of long hair which is just disgusting. We called the waiters over and informed them of the hairs in the noodles. The waiter was unapologetic and just asked us in a very monotone voice if we wanted another one. When we responded yes, he just lifted the dish from the table and walked away without saying anything. Another waiter dropped off the new pan fried udon noodles a couple minutes later. I would love to return but please wear hairnets to prevent this from happening again to us or other customers.
I've come to this restaurant a couple of times now and every time it's been completely crowded and we always have to wait for a seat. The most recent time I came was on a Saturday afternoon around 3 PM. Due to the time I wasn't expecting a completely full restaurant but I was wrong. I came in with a group of 10 and we waited around 20-30 minutes outside for our table which wasn't too bad. When we went in the server came out to get our food order quickly and delivered it right away. Service itself was expected for a busy Chinese restaurant in Flushing. So it was just ok. We ordered a big array of food to share with the table We got fried bean gluten, spicy beef and tripe, rice cakes, fried noodles, pork and cabbage dumplings, scallion pancake and scallion pancake with beef. We also got hot sweet soy milk to share. FRIED BEAN GLUTEN: I love the taste of kao fu and am always happy to have some but the flavor is hard to always get right. However, this dish was great and we even got an extra order of it for the table! SPICY BEEF AND TRIPE: Really good as well. Flavor really helped to compliment the meat and tripe. RICE CAKES: I'm usually not a big fan of rice cakes but this one was well cooked and the mixture of the veggies with it was good as well! FRIED NOODLES: the fried noodles were yummy, the veggies in the dish were well cooked and really complemented the dish. DUMPLINGS : the dumplings were just ok nothing about it really stood out. SCALLION PANCAKE: great scallion pancake! SCALLION PANCAKE WITH BEEF: was disappointed with this one. The beef flavor was just ok, not really the best. A bit too sweet from what I was expecting. The restaurant itself was also not the cleanest but the food for the most part (apart from a couple dishes ) were delicious and well worth the journey in from the city!
After trying this and Joe's Shanghai back to back, I can confidently say this one is better.WAIT: Came a few times, both with waits about 20-30 minutes.  It looks long but if you have 2 people, it's never too long because the tables turn fast.  You might want to stick around for them to call your number because it moves so quickly.ATMOSPHERE: Typical Chinese restaurant, nothing fancy, wooden tables and chairs all crammed into the restaurant.  There are 2 sides of the restaurant plus a back area so they can actually fit a good amount of people.  I believe it is cash only so beware of that.FOOD: Obviously people come here for the XLB.  My other favorite dish is the rice cake with pork and preserved vegetable.  XLB - what makes these XLB great are the skins.  They are delicate, soft, slightly chewy and thicker than the ones at other places like Joe's Shanghai.  They are on the "smaller" side but I think that's what helps keep the skin in tact and not break and also gives it that great flavor.  There is not quite as much juice as Joe's and it's probably a little less oily and intense, but still good.  The pork are great, have good flavor and are tasty.RICE CAKE WITH PRESERVED VEGETABLE AND PORK - not sure what it's called in English exactly but it's pictured on the menu.  I'm used to the ones from other Shanghainese restaurants with a brown like gravy but this one actually has no sauce.  Rice cakes are oval shaped thin rice "noodles" or "patties" that are also known as "dduk" in Korean.  They are chewy and tasty and my favorite.  This dish isn't overwhelming with sauce and is cooked simply with the pork and preserved vegetable, which resembles a type of mustard.  It's green and slightly salty/sauteed.  Kind of like sautéed pea sprouts.  Very good and tasty, my favorite dish to get when we go.Other than that, the green onion pancakes are good and I've seen people get the chasew-bao type buns that are lightly pan fried at the bottom.Overall, I would definitely recommend coming here when in Flushing.
Recommend if you're in the area for a filling meal at a decent price!The most memorable parts of our meal were the chive & egg pancakes and soup dumplings. And if I had to choose between the two, I'd pick the chive & egg pancakes! It was crispy, but didn't feel too oily. Sorta like an empanada stuffed with veggies & some egg and vermicelli.Waiter was slow to take away our finished dishes and didn't refill our tea (maybe once at the beginning and that was it). It was also hard to flag her down at the end of our meal to get the check. Also, since we sat near the back kitchen, we saw them microwaving something inside a ceramic bowl - a soup? and then serving it to the next table over... so I don't recommend ordering that if you are skeeved out by microwave use in a restaurant.Overall, we had a decent meal and the price made it a good deal. Cash only!
I think this was one of the best meal we had in the east coast! Went here with my cousins and husband for dinner. Thankfully it wasn't busy at all so we were seated right away. We ordered some XLB..omg..it was soooo friggenn soupyyyyy and yummy! The soupiest XLB i've ever had..lol Hands down it beats DTF dumplings. We also got the pancakes which was OK...Parking can be hard to find..but we got lucky with street parking. cash only.
The Nanxiang soup dumplings are always amazing. I love the soup and the texture of meat.
Some people say Nan Xiang is overrated but for price, consistency, and convenience, this is one of the better places for xiaolongbao and chinese snacks. Recommend the xiaolongbao (both signature and with crab), the beef scallion pancake, the spicy beef and tripe, and the rice cake with shredded pork. Skip the soup noodles in general - there are much better places in Flushing if that's what your craving (go to the food courts).There's often a line but it moves quickly. Service is not amazing (you definitely have to be assertive to get the servers' attention).
I stand by my words when I say that the XLBs here are some of the best I've had. If anything, they are definitely worth the trek out to Flushing because they are way cheaper and way better than the ones you find in Manhattan.Our party of two arrived around 11 and were seated immediately (this was not the case for parties that arrived around the time we were leaving - around 12PM). We ordered one basket of soup dumplings and a bowl of beef noodle soup. They were already sold out of the brisket, so we ended up getting the spicy beef noodle soup sans chili oil.  The soup dumplings really held up their shape, and none of them ripped as we transferred them to our spoons. They were also full of delicious broth that wasn't too gelatinous or too watered down. They did take a while longer than most other items to prepare. I noticed that tables that only ordered dumplings had to wait a long time before they arrived. Thankfully, we were able to get a start on our noodle soup as we waited for the dumplings. We really enjoyed the chewiness of the noodles and the heartiness of the beef broth. It was definitely a good choice for what started out as a chilly morning! For $15, we had a very satisfying meal for two!Personally, I didn't have an issue with the attitude of the servers. If the food is good and service is efficient, I am sold!
My favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Queens. I usually order the xiao long baos ( both the crab and regular one). Last night I tried the beef scallion pancake and it was amazing! The pancake was crispy, the beef was tender and they used hoisin sauce which made it sweet. I love their warm soy milk. Some people prefer cold soy milk but it taste much better when it's warm.
The table of four next to us stiffed their servers. "No tip," the customers said, "because we had to ask for water, and we didn't have spoons." Are you kidding me, cheap-o tourists? Do you understand what was just given to you? You just got a group meal of some of the best xiao long baos in NYC for under $40 and now you don't want to tip? That's like someone giving you a pirate's treasure chest full of gold and you're mad because they didn't smile. The servers put diamonds on your plate and served them to you at $6.50 a pop. And you're mad you didn't get spoons? Eat those diamonds with your hands, you sillies. Also, just think about it, these servers bring these hot and steamy trays of delicious pork soup dumplings to your table without burning themselves or you in the process. And a 10% tip is just $0.65 per tray. That's the least you could do. I mean, I always tip at least 20% because I'm classy like that. At joints like this, the food is so cheap, it's another $4 to make it 20%; the servers are working for pennies here. Nan Xiang is my favorite place to get pork dumplings in NYC. There, I said it. Nowhere in Manhattan can you get this quality of dumplings for the price. The delicate, perfectly balanced noodle skins wrap the juicy pork that is just loaded with savory soup. (No, they're not as good as Din Tai Fung, but they are not far off). The green onion pancake is just okay--a little too deep fried for my taste. It's better with the beef in it, because it balances out the fried crispy texture. The garlic cucumbers are good and refreshing. The pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup was good, but probably needed more pork and less cabbage. Broth and noodles were nice though. The beef noodle soup and the soy milk are all just okay. Nothing spectacular, but can definitely satisfy a craving. Skip: jellyfish (mostly has other veggies to compensate for not having enough jellyfish).So, just to recap: Don't expect good service. Don't expect them to bring bowls with your soup. But, expect soup dumplings that warm your heart (and are pretty easy on your wallet!)
Been here two times and both times loved it!As my first and most recent soup dumpling experience, I know and see why this place has over 2k reviews! Usually there can be a wait during regular meal times, but the location is so big that it's very fast and you don't have to wait long. Food: 5Always always always perfect and delicious and fresh. The The size of the dumplings are great, adn the pancakes are also very big and stuffed! I love this place because of the food. That's it. come here from xiao long baos and you won't be disappointed.Service: 4Can't always be great because the servers are running around everywhere, but they are very quick and good at their job. Wouldn't hurt to come around a bit more often with those water pitchers though.Ambiance: 5It's your typical asian restaurant. It'll be chaos and food-smelling all the time. Be thankful you have a seat and some food to eat.
Big fan of this place! Time and time again, Nan Xiang is not only the best soup dumpling restaurant of the five boroughs, but they are always consistent with their food. Big caveat: the wait times can be awful. For about three people - this is my usual order: 2 orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings, beef tripe, soy milk, scallion pancakes, and some noodle dish (ie the crispy noodles). The crab and pork dumplings are their specialty - you can't go wrong with them. The soy milk is my favorite drink here. It's served warm in a bowl, and slightly sweet. Wish they sold this at grocery stores in Manhattan. The beef tripe is my favorite dish at Nan Xiang. There are other places in Flushing and Chinatown where they do beef tripe, but it's never the same as Nan Xiang. Their seasoning for it is absolutely delicious. This is a must try! All of this would be about 35-40 dollars (for three people, it's just slightly north of $10 per person). The only downfall for this place is the wait times and that prices are rising since it's becoming so popular. A lot of people on Yelp complain about Nan Xiang for their service, but it's an authentic Chinese spot. Their service is never going to be good. Accept that. Judge this place (and most authentic foreign places) on their food, not their service.
One of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in flushing. The crab/ pork soup dumplings are amazing and I keep coming back for more. I also highly recommend the savory bean curd, the fried noodles as well as the scallion pancakes.
Came for the famous soup dumplings which were very juicy and the skin was thin. Noddle dishes were about average.
I LOVE this place for soup dumplings and more! The food is delicious and the price is reasonable! Every time I come here, the food is consistently good. I always come here when my friends or family come into town. Just a heads up, the place is cash only, like many places in flushing.
Cash only establishment...Lines outside the front door. However, took us at most 10min wait. Line moves very fast.This place several tons of delicious food. Their soup dumplings are made fresh by a team of chefs. Once you get seated, you are given delicious hot tea. We had their soup dumplings. It took a while for it to come out as they were made fresh. The broth is very delicious and fatty. They also have pan fried soup dumplings. Those are very hardy and takes time to finish.We also ordered the soymilk, rice cakes and tofu skin. All dishes were good. They also serve beef tendons, bamboo shoots, and pig ears. All those dishes are great.For 7 dishes, it cost us less than $30. Not too bad. Overall, I will come back here again. Will probably try their beef dishes and noodle so
Surprised to find out that this is a 1 Star Michelin restaurant! Decided to go here and recover after a night of debauchery. I'm convinced there is nothing better than eating soup dumplings/Asian foods on a rainy day.Place is cash only so come prepared. We came at an off peak hour so the service was lighting fast. The waiters aren't exactly the friendliest, but I think this curt service is pretty standard and expected in Chinatown and Flushing. Food is really cheap and allows for your party to order "family style" without breaking the bank. Menu is not large but has just enough to satisfy all your cravings. We opted for the soup dumplings, bean curd gluten, udon noodles, and soy milk with the toasted bread. I'm not a huge soup dumpling person in general so I didn't really care but my friends absolutely loved it. I really enjoyed the bean curd and udon. I would definitely love to come back and try some of their other dishes as it was already sold out by the time we came.
This is the best place to get soup dumplings hands down. The soup is the best in town!
No doubt the best soup dumplings in New York! I only discovered nan Xiang a few years ago, but omg this place is amazing, and totally deserving to be on the Michelin guide.The soup dumplings here are perfection. The skin is the perfect thickness - not too thick that it tastes doughy, but not too thin that it breaks the moment you pick it up. The filling inside is so juicy and flavorful, and there is so much soup inside! I always get the crab and pork soup dumplings - I think it has that extra flavor which makes it better than the pork alone. Other soup dumplings places seem to either mess up the wrapper, the soup, or the filling, but Nan Xiang has perfected every single element of their soup dumplings.The other items on their menu are quite good as well. I'm a big fan of the shanghai fried udon. I normally wouldn't order this dish, but my friend got it once and I am now converted. It is a bit oily, but it is not overwhelmingly flavorful or saucy. Even better are the cold appetizers; my favorite is the fried bean curd. I can't really describe what it is, but you totally have to try it out. The tripe and pig ears are good also, but not too different from other places.I am not crazy about the scallion pancakes that everyone else seems to love. It just tastes like an oily mess in my opinion, but the vinegar helps to cut through that.I usually come at weird hours so I rarely have to wait - the only time I waited was during a weekend for lunch which is totally understandable. Service is prompt, and this is cash only so make sure you have some bills on you.
The food here taste delicious, but I wouldn't recommend coming here in big groups or on the weekends. It gets super crazy on the weekends with the line out the door. If you want to try it, come here in the afternoon. Although, the afternoon doesn't taste as good as the mornings.Pork Soup Dumpling 6 ($6.50):I loveee the soup dumplings here. I think out of all the dim sum places, the soup dumpling is spectacular.Pan Fried Dumpling 6 ($6.50): This was not that worth it. I think if you went to a 4 for $1 place, it would be so much better.Spicy Beef & Tripe ($8.95): It was seasoned and done right. Definitely have to try it if you come here. Scallion Pancake w. Sliced Beef ($4.95): I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS! The pancake was hot, crispy and savory!! All in one. The beef almost taste like the peking duck bao. Iced Soy Milk: not to sweet and very cute. They sell a lot of this and they have cute prints on the lid.Don't expect to really get that great of a service at any asian restaurant. THEY ARE CASH ONLY! When your in any of the three Chinatown, always remember to bring cash. More than likely, they will not take card.
After coming here, I now know why this place is very popular. The wait is pretty long especially during the weekend. You can see waiters and waitresses rushing back and forth with sweat on their brows while attending the customers.Their food is amazing, so fresh and so delicious. From dim sum to regular meal dishes, the quality of their food is superb!  Their prices are very reasonable for their quality. Definitely come try this place out. But if you come during weekends, expect the shop to be overly crowded, loud with hectic waiters and waitresses running around.
Nan Xiang has a small and simple menu, but are good at what they make. It's been been around for a long time and due to the overwhelming business, they've expanded to three rooms (they'll start closing down the third room when it is nearing closing time). The line can get pretty long during peak hours since it is a touristy spot, but it should move rather quickly. When you arrive, you'll be given a number (most people choose to wait outside).My favorites are:- pork soup dumplings- beef scallion pancake- fried dumplings- kao fu (from cold appetizers)- jellyfish (from cold appetizers)These two dishes are good as well, but I order it moderately because it can be a bit too oily for me:- fried ricecakes- seafood crispy noodlePrices are pretty affordable! There is a public parking lot across the street, but it gets extremely crowded. If you drive then you're better off parking at Skyview Mall a couple blocks away for $3  for 3 hours with incremental increases.
Delish XLB in Flushing!!  The XLB were big and filled with soup.  We tried the pork XLB, pork and crab XLB, pan fried pork buns, ans Shanghai Shao Mai.  Definitely get the XLB.  Would skip the Shanghai Shao Mai (they were basically sticky rice wrapped in the dumpling wrapper, instead of the traditional leaf).  Service was slow/non-existent, though.  Expect to flag them down for everything.
Great food, not to be missed. Soup dumplings are top notch, scallion pancakes are lightly fried and delicious and the cucumber/ garlic/ cilantro salad is terrific too (but, not if on a date!). Had another type of dumpling also, very good. Worth the wait (most times you'll wait to get a seat).
My friend recommended this place. Wait was upward of 25-30min for a Saturday lunch. Reminded me slightly of Din Tai Fung, except dishes were saltier than desired. Make sure to order the Xiao Long Bao (duh!) and scallion pancake with beef - both were exceptionally delicious and the highlights of our meal. The scallion pancake, albeit slightly greasier than desired, was crispy, and the meat was tender and greatly enhanced the dish by providing a textural gradient. The XLB was fresh (the ladies in the front of the store can be seen making it) and the broth was sweet and savory. Mmmmmm! We also ordered a lomein, soybean milk soup with fried dough, and this other fried dough dish wrapped in rice (frankly this last dish reminded me of a sex toy); all these dishes were quite standard/mundane, saltier than I desired, and left me chugging tea non-stop. The total? Quite affordable; worked out to be approximately $30-40 for 3 people. Overall, would definitely recommend coming to this place to check out the fresh XLB and scallion pancake; I can't say the same for the other dishes. Glad I stopped by, and would probably return for the two dishes mentioned!
I always stop by here when I'm visiting Flushing!Def order the soup dumplings. They do it right, and at an affordable price. There's not been a long wait each time I've come. I'd also suggest the big chive fried dumping.I would not suggest to get the savory (salty) soybean milk. It's just sweet soybean milk with added salt. I would love to have had it with the small dried shrimp, or green onions, or pickled veggies, or pork rinds, or sesame oil... any of those..but it was just plain with salt.Still a hit! I'd def suggest giving this place a visit!
Probably the best XLB I've ever had in NYC. Way better than restaurants in Chinatown Manhattan but idk how it compares to others in Flushing though. The sticky rice shu mai, garlic cucumber and boiled chicken were also tasty!! I'd come back the next time I'm in Flushing.
This is probably the best XLB I've had so far. I can't decide if I like the pork or the one with crab--both so good. They come out so, so hot! I don't know how they get so much soup in there. The soup is wonderfully rich, like Joe's USED to be. You can probably get at least three spoonfuls so you'll need to take a bite off the top and pour the soup slowly into the spoon. The skin is thick enough so it doesn't break but not too thick. I also like the bean curd soy bean cold appetizer and the scallion pancake. This will definitely be my go-to place when in NYC.
The lost star was mostly from the subpar service. The Food: so of course we usually order soup dumplings when we go here. Compared to a few other places I have tried soup dumplings at I liked this place better (however I am still exploring and trying to find the perfect soup dumpling place). I personally like the slices of ginger that come on the side, which I think adds some flavor to a somewhat bland dish. Would recommend putting the dumpling on the spoon to catch the soup that bursts out when you bite into it. Besides the soup dumplings I've tried a few of their cold dishes like the spicy beef tendon, spicy beef and tripe and the sliced pig ears with spicy sauce. Nothing mind blowing here.Atmosphere: no special decorations, just  typical Chinatown decor that looks somewhat like a cafeteria. Service: well...they forgot my friend's order altogether so that's not so good. We got tired of waiting for that dish and left.
Loved this place, the soup dumplings were phenomenal!! I would take the trip from Jersey just for this, the sweet sticky rice, and the thin fried noodles. The service could be better, but the food speaks for itself. You can tell there's love going into those delicious dumplings.
Truth be told, I'm not a big fan of Chinese food.  It's ironic since I'm Chinese American.  My girlfriend decided where to eat that night and she chose the popular "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao". It may be a popular restaurant to get great dimsum dishes but it was a little too oily for my tastes.  I ordered:1. Vegetable noodle soup, 2.  Pork Xiao Long Bao3. Beef scallion pancakes4. Shanghai pan fried noodles5. Sticky rice mushroom shumai.  I thoroughly enjoyed the vegetable noodle soup the most.  Even despite not having having any meats in there, it still became my favorite dish there.  It didn't need much else since the broth had great flavor already.  It was also not very oily which was a huge plus.  The pork Xiao Long Baos were delicious as always.  You really can't go wrong with that one.  The beef scallion pancakes was pretty good.  It was thinly sliced beef with drizzled hoisin oyster sauce wrapped within a scallion pancakes.  The Shanghai pan fried noodles was decent with shredded pork, Chinese veggies, and thick noodles.  Unfortunately, it was a little oily for my preferences. My least favorite and most disappointed dish had to be the sticky rice mushroom shumai.  Whenever I was young, I'd become ecstatic when I'd get to try this dish that I had no idea what it was called.  It was so good that I'd buy these from Chinese supermarkets and make it myself in my kitchen.  It would taste great when I would steam it and eat it.  Unfortunately for Nan Xiang, it was the most dry tasting shumai I have ever tasted.  A huge disappointment since I edified it to my girlfriend as something that I loved to eat.
We tried a bunch of dishes here: Spicy beef noodle (this could have been spicier) dumplings, buns, sesame pancake. Everything was really good and service was great as well. Will be back next time were in the big apple.
Heard this place was a tourist trap, but my friend and I wanted to check it out anyway. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, cucumber with garlic, and scallion pancakes with beef. Honestly, they were all pretty decent and had good flavor; also hot and freshly made. Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because I've had better of the same at other Shanghai-nese restaurants. Basically a bit more crispiness, a bit more complexity in flavor, and a bit of improvement in presentation would have been a 5 star.Tourist trap? Maybe, but still decent.
I was in New York for work, and someone from the office recommended me to come to this place. I never carry cash on me and when I first got to the restaurant there were signs posted everywhere saying "cash only" I wanted to try the food so bad that I immediately went on a hunt for an ATM. 20 dollars can go a long way here! I ended up getting 4 different orders and they were all amazing! Be careful everything comes out blazing hot and you may want to dig in right away, but you will burn your mouth off!
My favorite place EVER to get soup dumplings. I have tried many different soup buns from many different places and there is NOWHERE that is as good or affordable as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. The place can get busy and is pretty much a no frills type of restaurant but I don't come here for any of that, I come here for the best soup buns! And the scallion pancakes too
My friends and I visited Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing after exploring NYC all day, and had a great experience. The interior is warm and well-lit, with ample seating and a bustling staff. Two of my friends had been here before, and suggested we order scallion pancakes for appetizers and the crispy dough (my girlfriend and I didn't want to fill-up before visiting a dessert place). Our waitress was polite, if a bit rushed, and quickly put in our orders. The scallion pancakes came out first, and they were delicious (the perfect mix of flaky and savory). The crispy dough quickly followed afterward, and tasted like a thicker version of classic funnel cake. What really impressed me was how inexpensive everything was; we barely paid $10 for so much quality food! That being said, be aware that this place is cash-only; make sure to snag some bills before dining. Overall, I highly recommend visiting this restaurant for a group dinner, since its food quality, convenience and pricing are impressive!
This is not the place for atmosphere or service, but after my first service I'm certain to return to check out the various dumplings and noodles. The pork and vegetable wonton in spicy sauce and peanut sauce was predictably top-notch, but the bigger revelation was the shockingly good fried bun with chive and egg. I didn't expect this much flavor or juiciness from such a simple-sounding inexpensive item.
Quality of the restaurant differs from time. Today I went there I could barely finish a order of their soup dumplings I can usually finish two orders easy. Customer service is ok at time and other times are below standard. Best dish here is the soup dumplings and good soy bean milk
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has always been my favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing, located on Prince Street next to many restaurants. The space is average size, and always busy so expect to wait for a table. Fear not, the wait will be worth it! Shanghai is known for their Xiao Long Bao, which is soup dumplings, here are my must have: Crab/Pork Meat Xiao Long Bao & Pork Xiao Long Bao and Pan Fried Udon With Beef. Love it! Also most people recommend the Scallion Pancake!In terms of service, it is average could be better. It is always busy and everything is a rush for them therefore, just waving down a waiter will take some time. I love the Xiao Long Bao here better than Joe's Shanghai, therefore this will always be my go to spot whenever I am in the mood.
Where do I even start. The service was fantastic. Very kind staff, yes they know English, and very informative. Prices are very good. And for the star of the show, the food. This has to be one of the best Shanghainese style restaurants I've been to in a very long while. The food is so good. Had the soup dumplings and they are out of this world. Also had the Shanghai Shu Mai(forgive me if I spelled it wrong) and other dishes as well. I had 0 complaints for the food. The complementary tea is also very delishes. I have eaten at many places in flushing and this one by far is my favorite. Yes most of the time you may need to wait, but the wait is fairly quick and highly worth it. I will be coming back.
Really good stuffed scallion pancakes and XLB.  The wait wasn't even that bad, and it wasn't packed to the brim.  Good soy milk and crullers/you tiao.Worth a visit or three!
I was extremely disapointed, for starters, CASH ONLY, and no sign at the door for that, in fact they have a sign that lead you to believe tgat they in fact take cards. Now i had to run to the bank and get cash, when i came back it was almost like my waitress forgot i was there. So i waited a long time and i had already ordered before leaving to get the cash. The food came, i got the crab and pork soup dumpling and the scalion pancakes.Lets break it down, Scalion pancake, very good, however for the wrong reason. It is delicious because it is so deep fried that yoi can taste the oil and see it.Crab pork and soup dumpling, save the fact that i just realized that i do not know how to eat a soup dumpling ( just learned the hard way) the 6 dumplings presented to me were 5 pork and 1 crab and i was very upset at that, if im paying an extra dollar for the crab, holy wow that is ONE expensive SOUP dumpling. Also it was so hot that it burned me and nobody warned me of that. The service was meh, i was left alone for unescessary amounts of time, when i needed things i needed to flag someone. SO, in my opinion, the food is not everything, it tasted good, yes, but to me for the wrong reasons, i think that this place has good potential. However i think what is killing them at this moment if the floor, if the staff was a little more engaged and the food a but more on point theu can have something awesome here. Dont get fooled but whatever you read, the experience you will have may let you down big time. So if you come here have very realistic expectations.
How have I not reviewed this place yet?Honestly, my go-to XLB place. It's probably one of the best places in NYC for XLB, if not the best. Food is always consistent. My favorite things to get here are the crab & pork XLB, fried bean gluten and the scallion beef pancakes. It's probably the only things I get from here. I've tried the other things like rice cakes, noodles, etc but those are just mediocre at best. The prices here have raised significantly over the past few years which I am sad about. This use to be the cheap good eats but now it's not so cheap. The prices keep rising :( Why is it that a fried bean gluten is only a couple cents away from an order of XLB? Ridiciulous! Also, CASH ONLY! Don't expect the service here to be good. You get your order and that's it. The staff doesn't care about your feelings like most chinese places. I remember the first time I came here, the staff forgot about our food and we waited an hour before they "remembered" that we were there....I would understand if it was busy but we were one of the only customers there. No apology, nothing. Over time i've learned to just deal with the horrible service since the food is that good.
10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND. Pros: GREAT prices, generous portions, great flavors, plenty of seating, fast service Cons: literally none I came here around 3pm on a Saturday and it was still packed which definitely says how popular this place is! Our group of ~10 was seated within 10 minutes and the food came out less than 10 minutes after we ordered. We had the juicy pork buns, rice cakes, and a bunch of other dishes and the bill came out to be $100 flat for the 10 of us and we were all decently full. Will definitely be back if I'm ever in flushing!
Hands down the best scallion pancakes and soup dumplings I've ever had. The scallion pancakes are chewy in the middle but have a perfect flaky exterior, the flavor is so simple but so good! The soup in the soup dumpling is amazing and then the dough itself is perfect. Truly amazing! I also highly recommend the lo mien, the noodles are so fresh. I already want to go back!! It be a must stop every time I go to New York from now on.
Great thing I have to say from this place. My mother is very picky when it comes restaurants with asian dishes. She was 1000% happy with the customer service and food.
My friend recommended this restaurant and I glad I was able to try it out! I was told this place gets pretty busy and that you will have to wait in a long line, so my friends and I purposely went in later at around 8:30pm and got seated right away! We ordered the beef scallion roll, the pork soup dumpling, the crab soup dumpling, the shanghainese udon, and the beef noodle soup dish. I've been to din tai fung on several occasions, so I had super high expectations for the xiao long bao's here. Everything was made super fresh as you can see them make it in front of you. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're craving for some good authentic Chinese food in Flushing!!
The average wait is 30 to 60 minutes during weekend. The food are very tasty and affordable. The steamed crab meat & pork buns is a must-order dish. The dough is very thin but magically able to hold the soup inside.
Historical restaurant in Flushing. Their soup dumplings are bomb. I was born and raised in Flushing, and their taste stays the same since when I was little.
This place was a little disappointing. I tried them the other night expecting some really great dumplings based on these reviews. Someone told me they were better than " Joes shanghai" they were very wrong.. in my opinion at least. I love Joe's but i was tempted to try these and compare the two. Hands down, no comparison. They were in its own category. Don't get me wrong i enjoyed them but i kept wanting them to taste like Joe's and they fell short.. if you want to try this place don't go to Joes first because  then you will be as disappointed as i was. Scallion pancake with beef was really good though.
Wait wasn't too bad (15 mins on a weeknight for a table of 4) and everything came out super fast. Also, it's cheap. Service kind of sucked but who cares? Food is delicious. I shared soup dumplings, scallion pancake with sliced beef and pan fried udon noodles. It was enough food for the 4 of us and I think the damage was around $25. Obviously it's a bit of a hike from Manhattan, but it's a great spot to eat at before an event at Citi Field!
We have been visiting this place for many years but yesterday in my take out order my chives pastry had a piece of rubber band in it. Disgusted and disappointed we will not be going back.
On a rainy Thurs night, my friends and I were having dinner and when they recommended this place, I think "Hmmmm I guess I can risk having my tongue burned by a xiao long bao tonight." I usually get so excited by food, I forget to let them cool down first!They told me that this place has gotten so popular, that it's gone from just one store front to now three. I was praying there was no wait. Lucky for us, we were seated immediately. My friend recommended the hot soy bean milk and I was thoroughly intrigued. I've never had it hot before and the fact that I was drinking it out of a huge bowl made me want it more. For the three of us, I think we definitely over ordered. The waiter even gave us a weird look but o well. The xiao long bao here was definitely satisfying. Full of soup that was perfectly seasoned with a nice exterior bun. I don't know if I was super hungry but the scallion pancake tasted amazing to me. Expertly fried without that feeling of oiliness that I sometimes get from other establishments. We also ordered the sauteed udon which was pretty standard. I liked their pan fried pork buns but they were a tad bit oily. I also tried their pan fried pork and chive dumplings which I thought was only mediocre. I prefer the ones from Vanessa's Dumplings more. Overall, it was a super delicious and hearty meal. Remember guys , it's CASH ONLY.
Cheap and tasty.We had ordered the crab meat soup dumplings, as well as the scallion rice cakes. Both were good. They're generous with portions as well. Overall, not bad!
I have always heard that this is the best soup dumpling restaurant in queens. I came here to see if it was or not. When I got there, it was a full house but only needed to wait 15 minutes to be seated. One of the waiter was slightly rude. He wanted rolls his eyes whenever we requested some thing but not a big issue. The soup dumplings on the other hand was great but not the best.
Small restaurant with quick service. Servers aren't very approachable but the food is phenomenal. The cold beef pancake (forgot what it's really called) is really good and the soup dumplings are delicious! Their rice cake is one of the best and the Shanghai fried noodle and flat noodles are also very flavorful. It is a little too salty for my tastes but still delicious!
The service here has considerably declined over the years. It takes so long to get their attention for extra water, tea or just to get the check. I recently went there and there and they forgot to give us chopsticks, spoons or even cups for water. We only noticed after our food came and had to wave them down to ask for utensils. And I frequently notice that my cup is always dirty. I'm going to be avoiding this place from now on. No matter how good the food may be, it can't make up for their bad service and dirty cups.
The Xiao Long Baos here are second to none, there's a reason it's been Michelin recommended so many years running. The place is fairly standard inside as far as Chinese cafes go, but the service is prompt and the price is fair.XLB (soup dumps) - these guys have more or less nailed these. The flavor was ridiculously good, with the combo of the soup, meat and casing being perfect.Crispy noodles with pork, seafood and fish - again, they do crispy noodles right. I've been to so many places where they're either soggy, or near burnt, but this was the perfect blend. Toppings were also great, with the shredded pork being mixed with cabbage, enoki mushrooms, shrimp, and white fish.Spicy beef pepper noodle soup - contrary to the wording, not actually that spicy, but the soup does a great job of taking on the flavor of the green peppers and shredded beef. The noodles are all house made, and have a great texture and bite to them.Definitely worth a trip.
It's a no frills restaurant and the only thing you order is the Xiao Long Bao. Okay enough humor it's a good place to get that and a bunch of other side dishes such as noodles and the scallion pancakes which is really good. The pricing is cheap too. Just remind to bring cash
I feel very disappointed after hearing claims that nan xiang has the best xiao long bao in nyc. What? Did yall get new chefs or something? The xiao long bao when I went were way too big with very thick skin, all touching each other in the bamboo steamer so that they broke apart easily when picked up. Ugh. Yeah, prices are really cheap, so maybe worth a visit if you're in the area, definitely not worth a trek to flushing. Beef scallion pancake w/ hoisin sauce was gud tho.
Hands down great food & service. The soup dumplings( both pork & crab meat) are so delicious. I also recommend the chive bun which is very flavorable and healthy at the same time. Not to mention, FREE, unlimited tea to drink! Good, cozy environment. It gets packed after 2pm, but wait times are no more than 10 min. No need to spend fancy to enjoy a great, filling meal. For a chive bun, 2 orders of soup dumplings (6 per entry), and beef & scallion pancake, and bottomless tea all for under $25, is an amazingly cheap deal for 2 people! Cheers to that!
This place is really spacious and I came here on a friend recommendation for their soup dumplings. Heard it was one of the best so had to give it a try. Needless to say they were half correct. I mainly enjoy Joe's Shanghai dumplings, but they were able to top Joe's with their crab soup dumpling. It contained more flavor and was definitely delicious and on point. But don't simply take my word for it give it a try yourself
Hands down the best spot in Queens for soup dumpling and scallion pancake. It is SO GOOOD. I usually order two batches of soup dumpling (6pieces) and one order of scallion pancakes, and if i'm extra hungry, pan fried udon noodles. I tried the soy milk before but it was disgusting. Not sure if it's because it's fresh and not sweet, which is what i'm used to, but it didn't hit the spot for me. The service is a hit or miss. They're usually so busy that they can't accommodate to everyone but still, that is no excuse. Price is definitely a plus. Everything is super cheap and affordable.
FYI: CASH ONLYThis was my first soup dumpling experience (yay)! There was quite a wait, but we took it as a good sign, obviously.We had, in order of best to "meh":+ Scallion Pancake with Sliced BeefTHE BEST THING WE ATE! zOMG. Beefy with a savory oysterish sauce!+ Hand Made Steamed DumplingsMy second favorite. These had a thicker dough, but I really enjoyed the greens mixed in.+ Steamed Crab + Pork BunsThe filling was rich, as was the soup broth. The meat combo was great.+ Steamed Pork BunsSo good! - Fried DoughHUGE and petty good, but a bit plain for my tastes- Sui Mai Very meaty and juicy, but a bit bland. They also tasted a bit different than I'm used to.. at first I thought they were undercooked, but they weren't.Our pre-tip total was $32.Service was bad at the beginning (10 minutes for anyone to come over), but I guess that's typical of Chinese places. Overall it was a great first soup dumpling experience!
OMGWhy did I come ALL the way to Flushing to eat?A quick business trip as the wife had 2 days of training (in the coldest days of the year, of course)We stood in line in 20 degree temperatures ......brrrrrrrrrIn a nutshell:1. Pan fried dumplings (lots of juice, almost soup dumpling-like) and MEATY2.Soup pork dumplings - OMG  (no more to add, just take my word for it)3. Scallion pancakes - I'm not normally a fan, but theirs was light, flaky, crispy; not dull oily and flat like every other place.  Just trust me on this one again!CASH ONLY, and you have to park in a garage next door (unless you get dropped off, which I recommend.  You'll be like Jerry and Elaine in the Soup-Nazi episode.  You'll have to sit down after eating the above!)
I've been delaying writing this review because I seriously cannot remember how the food or service was. Came here after my boyfriend ran a race at Flushing Meadows. And I must have been so preoccupied with feeling proud of him for his time, that checking this place off my to-visit list after years seemed like no big deal. I do remember that the turnip puff pastries were fantastic, but he couldn't eat them because they had pork. I also remember that they forgot my order of youtiao and soymilk, which were what I came here for, but I was too stuffed to even ask.
The pork dumplings were delicious. Huge portion and worth your money. The soup and the meat taste very clean, and I really enjoyed eating these. If I had to compare it to joe's I'd say they are about the same, with this being a little lighter and cleaner. This is a place I'd consider bringing my grandma, because I think she would approve of these.We also got the green onion pancakes, which looked and tasted a little over fried in too much oil. With some soysauce, the flavor came out and it was pretty good.Service: It took us 40 minutes to get our one plate of dumplings. I'm not sure if they forgot our order or something, because the table next to us, who were seated 10 minutes after us, received their 6 orders of dumplings before us. When we asked the waitress, she didn't even respond or say "let me check", she just walked away. We asked another waiter and 5 minutes later someone came back to tell us that i'll be out in one minute. It wasn't especially busy, so I don't really understand what took so long in responding to our question. We were patient enough.
The things we ordered: soybean milk, fried dough, turnip puffs, beef wrapped in scallion pancake, and soup dumplings, all under $20 and the two of us were stuffed! A price to quantity ratio that would be close to impossible in the city. The quality of the food stacked up to these cheap prices as well. The soybean milk tasted authentic enough and fried dough was a little stale, but good enough to satiate a craving. I was most surprised by the turnip puffs - something I would not have ordered if my friend hadn't. Flaky exterior and a flavorful turnipy filling. I was expecting the outside to overwhelm the inside with blandness but I was proven wrong! Would definitely order these again. The beef wrapped in scallion pancake was solid, my only quip being that there would have been more meat. Soup dumplings were some of the best I've ever had - thin delicate skin, delicious broth, and ample filling. One star deduction as some of the food was served on rather grimy looking plates and some of the staff were just sitting around on their phones constantly, but honestly that's pretty typical service at a Chinese restaurant anyways. A definite must visit if you're in flushing!
So good! Had the steamed pork buns, scallion pancake with sliced beef, Shanghai pan fried u-don, and the rice cake with beef everything was amazing and very affordable prices also! Will definitely be coming back on my next visit to New York
Just flew in to Queens, NY from Miami. I received a strong recommendation from a family member to eat here at "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao". I was told to try the Steamed pork buns and the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don because they are "amazing" AMAZING they were. From the broth inside the pork bun to the texture of the U-Don, my pallet was truly enlightened. Service was great and food was as speedy as these NYC streets. Great place and I'll be back very soon!
I'm always looking for places that do Xiao Long Bao (XLB) well, which brought me to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. I actually flew into La Guardia to check this spot out with my tight travel schedule. It was only a few miles from the airport and close to a train station to get to Manhattan. Perfect!Best XLB that I've tried so far. Yes, I've tried all the other well-known spots. Nothing on the west coast comes close to the XLB here. The meat to skin ratio is awesome; plenty of meat with a thin skin. This means that you have to be careful when handling these delectable pieces of heaven because if you're not, you'll be spilling some precious soup broth. 1 order comes with 6, so order accordingly. I had dinner plans, so I only ordered 1, which was a mistake. Next time I'm ordering 2-3 for myself.Service was fast and efficient, but don't expect friendly social service you might get at other NYC restaurants. CASH ONLY
Bumping up to 4 stars for the price. I ordered pork Xiao long bao, pork buns, dumplings, Shanghai udon noodles, and beef scallion pancake all for only $35. Incredible !Otherwise this would have been a solid 3.5. Everything was tasty, but did not wow me for the amount of reviews and kudos this place has. Soup dumplings were also just par, not amazed. Joe's Shanghai still has the best according to my taste buds. Also the restaurant could have been a bit cleaner. Not sure if it's because I went on a Friday night around 9:30 pm, but there was discarded plates and food just hanging around on a cart by the bathroom. Bathroom was also very wet everywhere and not hygienic.
A flushing staple!!! At this point I've tried over half the menu and haven't had a single thing that wasn't excellent. The scallion pancakes are flakey and chewy at the same time, and the stuffed scallion pancakes are even better. Pan fried noodles are so damn good I could literally eat a whole plate of the them by myself. Of course the soup dumplings are the real star here. Flavorful and delicious. I came here twice this week so you could say I'm a fan. Also conveniently located across the street from a parking lot so parking wasn't an issue for us.
Very solid, but not best-in-class for me. Last time we were here, we got soup dumplings, scallion pancakes (one order with beef, one without), fried pork dumplings, pan-fried udon noodles, and shao mai. All very good, but I wasn't blown away by anything, and it's a decent amount more expensive than Shanghai Cafe, which remains my standard-bearer for both quality and price.
Amazing xiao long bao! Definitely one of the best Ive had. The rice cake with shredded pork was also so good with the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The beef with tripe was pretty solid as well.It seemed like most of our food was cold though :( we got the soymilk and it was super watery and the shanghai udon stirred noodle was pretty tough bc it wasnt cooked fresh. Our waiter gave us quite the attitude too, so i give it 4 stars overall!
I came here because of all the great reviews!! Soup dumpling is pretty good. But what I'm most impressed is the cold dishes: cucumbers and tofu as pictures attached. It's refreshing and tasty!I tried the spiced oil wonton and beef green onion cake. They were a little different taste than what I am used to. I don't recommend them. Chives cake is great!Overall, the food and price is great. Service is slow but bearable.
Just adding my 5-star review to this restaurant's giant collection of similarly glowing, happy ones. The serving sizes are great and the food is delicious. I've loved Nan Xiang since my parents brought me here years ago, so much that I asked for my 17th birthday dinner with my family to be here.On top of the crab and pork soup dumplings, try the seafood pan fried udon noodles.
Our go to for soup dumplings! Food is consistently good. Only negative is that the soup dumplings can take a minute since they are made to order. It's always busy but the food is worth the wait.
ONLY get the soup dumplings. nothing else here is worth a try. the service is fast but weird. there is a women sitting at the reception that acts like a madam. she doesnt help with anything...just seems to count cash. the soup dumplings were good. the crab ones were the best. i dont want to talk about the other things because they were quite disappointing
You can't ignore the signs. When something is Michelin rated as many times as this place, you'd be silly not to drop in whilst visiting Flushing. This was our last stop on Dump Tour 2017 and I was feeling full. But that did not stop me... I went for the spicy pepper and beef soup noodle and the pork soup dumplings. They bigger than your average dumpling, and the all the flavors that come out of that sweet sweet bun are a winning combination. In my opinion these buns are up there with the best. Top 3 easily!!!The spicy pepper and beef noodle soup was also pretty delicious. Could have done with some more vegetable as it was literally pepper and beef but beside that, an enjoyable dish. This spot is deffo worth the wait if there is a queue. If you're a fan of soup dumplings you will not be disappointed!
The soup buns are more light than Joe's  Shanghai down the street. These are the 2 main competitors. I'm  Shanghainese and must say that these  soup buns are fantastic. The restaurant  always has a wait. There's  outlets around for a quick phone charge though. I usually get the spicy  appetizers.  Numbs my tongue. Their pan fried noodles aren't  worth the money. Neither are their rice cakes. This is usually  the restaurant I go to right when I arrive home from college breaks with my suitcase and all. Not a soup bun you can just make at home. I recommend the regular pork soup bun ($6.50) which comes with  6 pieces per basket. I see a lot of non-asians when I come here. It is evidently the spot to go to. The bathroom is decent here. 4 stars because the staff should  be more attentive and shouldn't  stick people at a table in the doorway in the winter. And the bathroom  needs some cleaning. They make their soup buns well. That's  what  matters!
It's always when I have expectations that I seem to get disappointed. Even with great reviews, I need to walk in like Yelp doesn't exist & that I know nothing of an establishment. Service - below average. I love the city and everything it has to offer, but what its lacking is some awesome service. The server didn't check on us once. They took our order and dropped off our food - everything else we had to go hunt him down.Food - about average. There were 5 of us and we ordered a bunch of different things for the table - scallion pancake with slice beef (3 / 5), Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don (3/5), Steamed crab meat & pork buns (4 / 5), pan fried dumplings (2.5 / 5), spicy ramen (2.5 / 5). Everything was just pretty bland - nothing stood out too much. If I ever went back, the steamed buns were soupy but had a good amount of meat, so they were decent. There are so much better places around though!!!
Over 2000 reviews must be good, and indeed it was.  SF Bay Area just recently opened din Tai fung which is totally legit, I only Been to the one in Seattle and they call it juicy dumplings, they juicy.  At Nan Xiang, they are a little wider and slightly thicker on the skin.  The broth and pork filling was absolutely Devine.  Probably best meal of the week in NYC.  Had both pork and one with crab pork.  Green onion pancake, simple but chewy oily good flavor.  Hot soy milk, legit.  Handmade dumplings clean.  stir fried rice cakes perfect as well.Came on a Thursday at noon, no wait but place was full in minutes with people waiting.  This area of flushing is the real deal Chinatown of America, everything is good here.
Delicious xiaolongbao! So juicy and flavorful. We got both the regular anb ones. The other dishes were okay, we got spicy beef, stir fired noodles, cucumber and a dried tofu dish. Everything was so cheap. For three of us it was a little over $30.
I found this spot as i was looking for a new place around flushing that had soup dumplings. This place had over 2,000 reviews so I figured it would be the best. I was wrong. I don't know what all the hype was about but I didn't enjoy any of the food...at all. I tried the scallion pancakes, pan fried udon noodles and the soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes tasted like dough and not in a good way. I usually like them thinner and crispy but this one was plain and thick. Not a fan. The pan fried noodles were ok... just very bland. They look a lot better than they taste. Now, the soup dumplings were good if you aren't bothered by fishy scents and if you like yours with more crab/pork and less soup. However, the smell of the crab was so fishy and overwhelming that it was making me a little sick. There was barely any soup in it either and it was really disappointing. Won't be coming back here again... I'll stick to my favorite spot at joes Shanghai a few blocks away.
They open early and the food is fresh and hot.  Nothing else to say but damn good food.Ok ok, someone asked for more details. This is a hole in the wall. They've done well enough that at some point they've expanded. Waitresses are moody at times. The prices are very reasonable. You can easily get an assortment for $20 and be full. I work the over night shift and want dinner at 8am. Plates/cups can be greasy so keep an eye out. I haven't been here during peak hours so I don't know about the wait time.
We arrived hungry on a Saturday afternoon and we left an hour later completely satisfied. Started the meal with a delicious and savory plate of cucumber spears topped with slivers of fresh garlic in a sesame garlic sauce that had me slurping from the bottom of the dish. Followed by a bowl of pork and veg wontons in spicy sesame sauce, multiple orders of the best crab and pork soup dumplings I've ever had. The broth was rich and unctuous, the wrappers thin but not fragile. And the after bite, a wee tender ball of pork and papery wrapper, was like that extra-long hug you didn't know you needed but are so glad to be receiving. For a little variety, also had bright and springy steamed vegetable dumpling that, when topped with the slightly smoky chili paste, were a whole other and equally delightful experience. I wished my stomach to be larger. It didn't happen. I had to leave. But I will be back.
Hmmm I got to say their soup dumplings and chive pancake was great! You can skip the beef scallion pancake and pork bun, it was just so so...
I was intrigued by this place because its one of the most popular spots in Flushing and serves food from my hometown, Shanghai. I had high hopes for this place because of all the good reviews, and to say the least, I wasn't let down. I also wasn't amazed because nothing here was extraordinary. I ordered the beef tripe, wine chicken, and soup dumplings. The beef tripe and wine chicken were a little too cold for my taste and the wine chicken was a little too wine-y. However, the soup dumplings was better here than the Joe's Shanghai, and it's a lot cheaper. The vibe here was really chill as everyone was just trying to get meal in.  I recommend coming here if you're craving a quick meal, but for better shanghai foods, I very much recommend going to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao.
The quality of food has gone down . We ordered take out on a Monday night. First of all, the lady who picks up the phone barely knows English.  Had no idea what I was saying . 1. Food is SUPER DUPER OILY after I specifically told them LESS OIL2. Poor food presentation skills !!! See attached pic3. Ordered beef scallion package. Scallion pancake was drenched in oil THAT WAS STILL RAW and there one a thin layer of beef. Gross4. Gave us broken crab soup dumplings and broken Shanghainese crab soup dumplings 5. I called them back to let them know that the dough of the scallion pancake was still raw and the lady who picked up the phone literally said " well I don't work in the kitchen what can I do. THERE WAS NO APOLOGY. I will never come here again. Way too many better restaurants in flushing
Came here a while ago, but till this day my family will probably never go to this restaurant again.The reason was the waitress that was helping us. She took forever to come take out order, too forever to get our check and took forever to give us change back. It was a Saturday and honestly it wasn't that busy, so we had no idea why it was taking her so long to get everything done.I am a very patient person and so is my sister, but it really took too long and got both of us irritated. On top of that the tone of her voice was not pleasant at all and got us even more irritated with her.I will say the food is good, but if service here is bad, I wouldn't go again no matter how good the food is.This happened almost a year ago, so you can see how customer service makes a difference.
Ain't Nan-thing wrong with the place. My family and I managed to finagle our way to a table at this place for an early Saturday dinner and we were not disappointed. We got a bunch of dumplings, salted soy milk (kind of like a soy milk congee), rice cakes, and numerous other carbs. The menu contains an extensive list of unique and highly tasty sounding dishes.I'm now a big fan of the veggie dumplings. Unlike a lot of other veggie dumplings there's none of that cellophane noodle. It's actually made of greens (I couldn't decipher what) and paired with dipping sauces makes for a pleasant vegetarian experience while the rest of my family were thoroughly enjoying the classic xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I recommend trying salted soy milk for a unique experience and to see if you enjoy it. It's very soy sauce heavy, but I personally enjoy that. There's also a number of greens on the menu that I don't often see available at other restaurants and am tempted to return just for the veg.
What is a trip to Flushing without dim sum?  This place did not disappoint.  We ordered the scallion pancakes, soup dumplings with crab, shu mai and noodles.  All were delicious.  service was surprisingly good.  Definitely worth the trip!
Are you somewhat new to New York and think you've found "authentic" Chinese cuisine in New York's Chinatown? Maybe you've discovered the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai. Well, whether the prior is true or not, you haven't tried delicious soup dumplings until you've tried them at Nan Xiang. If you've never taken a trip out to Flushing, you're in for a nice surprise: This is New York's true "Chinatown." And with no shortage of great dumpling spots, Nan Xiang is your only true spot for soup dumplings. Nan Xiang is budget-friendly (read: cheap), Michelin-rated (yep, it's true!) and while small and it may appears to have quite a wait for a table, they essentially have three split dining rooms. So, plenty of tables and we didn't have to wait for one more than a few minutes at most. In addition to the soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes were also worth trying. Just a quick hop from Manhattan on the 7 train and you'll be there in no time! Definitely worth a visit!
Tourist trap. Not as good as people claim, seriously. Customer service sucks. This is what I order:Steam bun: it's ok. I had betterFried pork chop: too oilyBeef noodle soup: not much meat. Too much bell pepper in soup. Not much flavor or noodles. Try a different place. Tons of other places in flushing for steam buns. People only come cuz it got overrated online.
Nanxiang  XLB HaikuFamous soup dumplingCarb fat meat soup all in one Can eat this all day
Delicious food and amazing customer service! Always a lovely experience. The soup dumplings are a must.
Pork soup dumplings...beef scallion pancake, black fungus...these are the definite must- have items on the menu! This place is kinda a free-for-all, but in the best "I'm in Flushing" kinda way! Cash only. Delicious. Hot. Perfect. GO!
Been wanting to try this place forever but was not tryna deal with weekend brunch crowds. I made the trek out here at around 2PM on a Sunday and was quoted 20 minutes but they seated our party of 2 within 5 minutes. This place is pretty big but the hype is real so it will probably be packed at all times.Kao Fu - Solid portions and tasty! Great starter as you wait for your freshly steamed dumplings.Sheng Jian Bao - I personally prefer sjbs to xlbs but the ones at NXXLB were disappointing. They lacked the soup that makes sjbs so amazing. Would skip these and just order another basket of xlbs. Crab & Pork XLB - Star of the show hands down. This was easily the best crab xlb I've had in NYC. They were plump and bursting with crab flavor.Our food + 1 soymilk came out to under $30 including tax and tip. Would I wait an hour for this place? Probably not, but it's definitely worth making a trip to Flushing if you're trying to eat during an off hour.[CASH ONLY]
We often come here to this little casual restaurant to get delicious Chinese street food.  The price is very reasonable and there is plenty of seating even though it's quite popular with the locals.  I'd definitely recommend the crab and pork xiao long bao and you really can't go wrong with most of the rest of the menu either.
Hands down the best dim sum place ever! The pork steam buns and crab steam buns were awesome. The dumplings were good too. Def worth the hype. Customer service was amazing, went in on a friday night and expected to wait 20 mins but we got seated within 5 mins. 10/10 food10/10 customer service
Soup dumplings are delicious!! The meat is juicy and flavorful. The dough isn't too thick and doesn't break. The soup is hot (be careful) and not too oily or salty. We have also gotten udon there. But go-to are definitely the soup dumplings. Prices are reasonable. There is almost always a wait on weekends but it moves relatively quickly as there is a lot of seating.
I was thoroughly disappointed by the soup dumplings here. After seeing all the great reviews and how famous this place is for their soup dumplings, I expected so much more. I've had way better soup dumplings in many lesser known places. The two dishes that I really enjoyed were the beef scallion pancakes and the jellyfish. We also got an order of turnip pastries and bean pastries. These were okay; better than the soup dumplings. I guess you could come here to try these "famous" soup dumplings for yourself, but they're not as good as you may think.
Come for the soup dumplings, but skip everything else. I loved the pork soup dumplings, but everything else we tried was pretty bad. The Udon noodles were a skip (super greasy and not too tasty) as well as the seafood noodle-ish soup. All not so good, but the soup dumplings = superb; they would earn 5-stars. 4-stars because everything else we tried was lackluster.Place is cash only. The broth and pork inside the dumplings is so comforting. A bowl of warmth in your heart in a dreary world that's no longer dreary because you're eating these dumplings. So, so, good. Service is alright. The tea they serve with your order is great. The prices are great, but once again -- if you want my take: order the soup dumplings...maybe some other dumplings to share, but I'd skip on any of the other meals.
Some people might say that Din Tai Fung is the gold standard for Xiaolong bao/Shanghainese Dumplings. That might be true for the original location in Taiwan, but I can say for certain that Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao beats them at their own game at all other locations, and any other restaurant I've been to.It's located along an unassuming strip of restaurants on a relatively quiet street in Flushing. We were seated right away (it was Monday), and subsequently started ordering food right away.Seafood Crispy Noodle - Great, but thought that the noodles should have been a bit more crispy.Scallion Noodle - Deep flavors, especially with the charred scallion. When I think of "wok hei" and the flavor it imparts, I can't help but think of these noodles.Pork + Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce + Peanut Sauce - DELICIOUS. If you're not a fan of spicy food, don't worry, this is fine. It involves more of a numbing oil that gives it a little bit of heat as opposed to a deep, sweat-inducing spice. I recommend that you save the leftover sauce, because it will make the Xiaolong Bao taste that much better.Pork Xiaolong Bao - To this date, the best I've ever had. I've had xiaolong bao at countless dim sum joints, multiple Din Tai Fung locations and everything in between. Nothing tops the ones served here. One thing I noticed is that these are larger in size and feature a lot more soup. The  meat and flavors inside the dumpling are unreal, and are complemented well by both the vinegar and the spicy sauce from the dish above. If you want a perfect bite of food, it really doesn't get better than this.My only gripe about the restaurant is the time it takes for food to come out. Perhaps I came on a day that wasn't as busy as it usually is (even though it seemed full), so they weren't constantly steaming dumplings. But if I were in Flushing Chinatown for any reason, I'd find each and every excuse imaginable to come eat here.
While everyone here goes for the soup dumplings, (which are definitely melt in your mouth incredible), my favorite dishes are the scallion pancakes (be sure to ask for it with the brown sauce) and the crispy, pan fried noodles with vegetables. The food is heavy and you might need a nap after. Plan to go straight to bed when you leave here.
Cheap and classic. Their pork chop noodle is a classic Shanghainese style. Worth the try.
One of the best Taiwanese restaurants I've been to. I came at 9am on a Friday so it was pretty empty. We were seated right away. I ordered the udon noodles (very well cooked and flavorful), warm soybean milk with fried dough to sip in, pork soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes with beef. The scallion pancakes were the highlight of my meal. They were crispy, flavorful and stuffed with meat. If you're in the area, stop by!
Good quality soy milk and soup dumplings, and also very good price. There might a short wait if you come at proper dinner time at weekends
The food. It's pretty good. Especially for the price. This is my third trip to this place, and it still hasn't lost its luster.Whether you're ordering an appetizer of jelly fish, or getting the sweetest and flakiest scallion pancakes, this place never fails to satisfy your taste buds.The food was delivered in a timely manner, but after the plates are served, the staff summarily ignore you, lol. Nobody at my table had a refill of tea. It would have been great to be 'checked in' on at least twice throughout the eating ritual.Regardless, it's still an overall awesome experience.
Cash only. Pork and shrimp XLB all the way! Here's how it works: sit down, order XLB, eat XLB, drink tea, pay, leave.
For the price you are paying, this is a great affordable soup dumpling place. Pretty big place, plain with no decorations just white walls. Quick and friendly service, good food.Only suggestion is to keep utensils dried and more clean and bathrooms can improve (cleaner floor, better soap holder, hand dryer needs an upgrade).You get what you pay for. In the end this is a $ place, what more do you expect?
I thought the XLBs were okay.. I'm not sure why everyone is raving about it. They were large but the broth was a bit bland.Quality 3/5Price 4/5
xiao lon bao used to be my favorite dish to bring my family to enjoy it.Flushing is so many food restaurant nowadays，but xiao long bao still is good to try. Try Nan Xiang，let us know what is？
I came here on a Saturday evening (a little after 5pm) and we were seated pretty quickly, especially for a large party of 10. (Note: We did call ahead.) It was definitely busier when we left - people were waiting outside to be seated.We ordered a few of their dim sum dishes, which also came out quickly. We had to ask for tea and refills later.Scallion pancakes - they're okay, but they pale in comparison to the Beef Scallion pancakes, which are basically a beef version of Peking duck (see below).Scallion pancakes with sliced beef - Get this. The scallion pancake was crispier and filled with beef, hoisin sauce, and green onions. If I came here and only ordered this, I would be happy. Best dish of the night!Pan Fried Dumplings - nothing special. Not very "pan fried." When I eat pan fried dumplings, I want to be able to see that they were pan fried (the browner, the better!). These were so pale white that they could be passed for steamed or boiled. They also ate like soupy dumplings, except that instead of being filled with soup, it was filled with grease.Steamed vegetable dumplings - kind of bland. Needs soy sauce.Soupy dumplings - we got both the pork and crab/pork buns. They were a good size and loaded with soup. Good flavor, but I wasn't a big fan of the skin - it was too sticky/chewy for my tastes. Overall, the dumplings came off of the platter without a big mess, but some of the baskets were leaking broth before we even dug into them.The meal was satisfying and we all felt full afterward. It's a great value for large groups, which is why I give them four stars.
My best friend loves coming here for soup dumplings and won't stop coming here. I personally believe the soup dumpling skin is really thick here compared to Kung Fu Xiao Long bao. Nonetheless, the food is really good here.We ordered:Crab and pork soup dumplings (4/5)A little too dryPork soup dumplings (5/5)Always a go-to choiceRice cake with beef (5/5)Good portions with mushroom and lettuceScallion pancake (5/5) MUST GET, the bread is cooked too fluffiness
YUM! Came here starving after a long drive from Boston. Normally our go to place is Kung Fu XLB, however they had just closed when we arrived. Nan Xiang is open late (till 1am) and had good reviews, so we went. Ended up getting the two types of XLB, 1 pork and 1 crab/pork. The dumplings were so incredibly juicy and full of soup, more soupy than most places I've been to. The meat was good as well. The only criticism I would say is that the skin could've been a little thinner, although they probably make it a bit thicker in case it punctures and all that flavorful soup comes running out (worst thing that could happen). We also got the Shanghai Pan Fried Udon noodles, which were pretty damn basic, since it really only had 3 ingredients (noodles, pork, and a couple slices of bok choy) +soy sauce. If you're familiar with Chinese cuisine, the taste is EXACTLY the same as "gong Chau know hoh" which is the flat noodles with beef commonly served at dim sum. I really enjoy just eating noodles without a lot of ads ins though so it was good enough for me.
If you like really well made dumplings,this is just the place .The place are kind,and the dumplings are stupid tasty.Dont go here expecting to get dumplings and maybe some noodle and a side of sautéed veggies or whatnot...this is just dumplings.and did I mention they are wicked good??
I have been coming here for quite some time now and I have go to say, the food is sooo good.  The soup dumplings, the beef scallion pancakes, the noodles, fried dumplings, I've had it all! The thing I will never understand is why the service is soo bad.  If they were to work on their service I would give them 5 stars.  Tip: they only take cash*Oh! I forgot to add that I couldn't order a drink because they had no clean cups. Absolutely unheard of!
When in Flushing, we frequent this joint for their famous soup dumplings and warm soy milk accompanied with fried dough. Sometimes all I need is a simple and tasty meal. The service is not the fastest but doable given they serve the food  fairly quick. During my recent visit, the fried dough (yau tail) tasted like it has been sitting around for a while. It wasn't as crispy and fresh as my previous visit. I minus one star for stale fried dough. Overall, I will return for the soup dumplings and soy milk.
The fried dumplings are to die for. The best I have ever ate. The fresh made to order noodle soup is ok, but you have to go and try there dumplings.
The scallion pancakes are authentically great - well, the real Chinese ones might be a tad more oily, but I can understand why that wouldn't work for locals. The soup dumplings were excellent too - warning: grab them by the top with the pincers, else you risk breaking them and losing the sauce/ soup .. and be watchful: they come super hot, so you'll need to time your approach carefully. Too early and you might burn your mouth, too late and you'll lose the hotness of it, plus the interior can be much hotter than the exterior. Enjoy the delectable challenge !
Maybe best soup dumplings in flushing. Sorry Joe Shanghai. Okay and a must is the cucumber garlic appetizer and this thick noodle platter. I haven't eaten anything that wasn't good her. Prices are fair. Order the fried dough for dessert I promise you won't regret it. This place is always packed and for good reason.
Came here before it used to be super good.quality has gone down recently. The meat is not smelling great. Service is rude
Nan Xiang is known for having some of the best soup dumplings in NYC, and they really deliver on this! I've been here several times already, and the XLB are a hit every time. On my most recent visit, I came for breakfast (they are one of the few places in Flushing that open super early) and was seated right away. There are plenty of pre-prepared side dishes ("little eats") that you can order, and I opted to start with the tofu/edamame mixture, which was dressed so nicely with a slightly tart vinegar and was ever so slightly spicy from a few pieces of chili--delicious!! We also ordered the savory "tofu brains," a mixture of silken tofu and a light broth. The broth was not too salty and was ever so slightly fishy from the little shrimps that were included--but overall not my favorite dish. And then of course, the star of the show: the soup dumplings! We opted for the crab/pork dumplings, and the filling was absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly--the crab imparted the perfect amount of sweetness to the pork. My only complaint was that some of the dumpling skins didn't hold up very well and sprung a leak--but in terms of flavor, they were all on point! Also, the prices here are more than reasonable, and you'll get great value for your money.
The food here is well-priced, and consistently tasty. It's good for a quick bite on your own and for larger groups. I enjoy their "breakfast menu" and soup dumplings the best.
Food is 5 star. They deserve it. And the service is 0 star. Service is very bad. And it is cash only.
Nan Xiang XLB is a solid all around Shanghainese restaurant, but I'm not sure it lives up to the hype. The soup dumplings here are good, but I've certainly had better elsewhere.  I came here with my family and ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancake with beef, crisp red bean pastries, crisp turnip pastries, and jellyfish with turnip.  The beef scallion pancakes and red bean pastries were the standout items in my opinion - the scallion pancake was crisp without being too oily, and the hoisin sauce complimented the beef really well.  The red bean pastries are something that is hard to find, even in Chinatown.  The soup dumplings didn't impress me, though.  They tasted like your standard xlb, and the broth was a little too oily for my liking.  I also couldn't taste the crab flavor.  Overall, Nan Xiang is a good place to start if you've never tried xiao long bao, but I wouldn't feel compelled to seek out this place in particular.  They have plenty of other delicious items on the menu, though, so if you do happen to come here, give the other dishes a try.
This is a staple in flushing China town. I come here often for the rice noodles, pork and mustard greens. I also love the scallion pancakes.
Food is good as usual but service is different story, took me multiple time to ask for ginger for the dumplings where they should AUTOMATICALLY serve alone, then took me few times to ask for a check. Store was only half full at the time.
After trying so many soup dumpling places in New York City, this spot has to be one of the best! I would be coming here more often if it wasn't so far from me. The soup dumplings are juicy and flavorful - you can even see the workers freshly wrapping the dumplings and steaming it. I would also recommend ordering the scallion pancake or scallion pancake wrapped with beef. The stir fry noodles were also pretty good but was a bit too oily and didn't have enough vegetables. Overall, you can't go wrong with coming here for delicious soup dumplings for a reasonable price. Just make sure you remember to bring cash since they are a cash only establishment.
In general, the food served is so-so, not as delicious as so many reviews have indicated. The service, however, is terrible. During the entire time I was sitting there, no one refilled my tea even though I asked twice. Also, A lot of things on the menu cannot be served, ex beef noodle. The waiter took order of so many tables that the food was not served based on who came in first...I really cannot imagine how such a terrible place could get a 4 star on yelp...
Check it out if you are looking for authentic soup dumplings(Xiao long balls)with reasonable price!I spend about $11 with soup dumplings on a set of 6 soup dumplings with crab and salty soy milk. I got sooo full! The wrap of the soup dumplings is not too soft, so you don't need to worry about breaking it. The soup inside has the taste of crab! Stuffing is big and yummy!However, if you really care about the environment and the level of clearness. It may not be the right place for you. Maybe you can do takeout. My table is absolutely not clean, so I had to wipe it again by myself.Food is fast, and staffs remember what you told them no matter how busy they are.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 3:30 expecting a long wait, but was seated within 10 minutes (2 people). I wish we came with more people because there were so many things on the menu we wanted to try!We ended up with the crab and pork soup dumplings (of course), shen jian bao, chili and pork noodles, shumai, and scallion pancakes.Soup dumplings were amazing - crab taste was very apparent, which I liked but my boyfriend not so much. Skin was perfectly chewy and didn't fall apart super easily. Shen jian bao were also really good. There was also soup inside, and the meat filling was very flavorful. My favorite part was the crispy bottom of the bun.Scallion pancakes were just okay - too fried and oily for my taste.Shu mai was great. Loved the generous filling of glutinous rice.Chili and beef noodles were nothing special. Wasn't even spicy unfortunately, and the meat had a strange texture.Overall this place was very good and worth a trip app the way out to flushing. Their famous soup dumplings did not disappoint, though some of their other menu items fell a bit short. Also they are cash only so come prepared!
Came here on the weekend, I think some time in between breakfast lunch and dinner. I only had like $5 worth of cash (this place doesn't take card), so my options for ordering were limited to basically fried dough and soy milk. They were pretty cheap for a sit down restaurant, so that was decent. The fried dough was also very good, probably the best I've had in NYC thus far. However, since I ordered it at like around 11 am, I wasn't surprised to find that it was a little cold. I guess this place, like many places which serve fried dough, only do it once a day, and then leave them out to sit for the rest of the day.May be back, but honestly going to real restaurants which don't accept card is a real pain.CASH ONLY
I was craving Xiao Long Bao but had to get the veggie dumplings instead of beef or crab because everything else contains pork or is pork-based. I think the dumplings contained cabbage and some other veggies I didn't like. It was bland and I hate cabbage too.Rant:  I couldn't find only beef dumplings anywhere in flushing which is deeply saddening. After looking through the ENTIRE food court for beef dumplings, an employee finally told me that Chinese people don't like beef. She failed to explain why as she's not fluent in English, which is not her fault. She was nice though.Other Rant: I fail to understand why Asians and some Arabs use cabbage as a substitute in salad or any other dish? Cabbage CANNOT & will NEVER be lettuce. Yes, I'm a lettuce lover, especially Iceberg lettuce. I hate cabbage unless its kimchi or cooked desi style.
Great go-to spot. Solid, affordable comfort foods with quick service. Bring cash!
Proper soup dumplings on a good block of Flushing to go food hopping. I would recommend getting a couple of steamed ones and definitely give the fried ones a go. The fried ones will take a pretty long time, and the wait to sit is usually quite long which is the downside of the spot. Also, pretty important to note that this is a cash only spot.
My favorite spot for soup dumplings! Too bad it isn't in the city or I'd be here very often. The pork soup dumplings are my favorite here - piping hot soup in a thin wrap with pork. The pancakes and the udon are my next go to orders. I also tried the shanghainese shu mai; almost a sticky rice dumpling. Nice to try but don't think I'll order again.
Got the pancake and not really a fan. As someone who has the original before, this is a little too salty at various spots in the bite (seems like the salt weren't mix in well during the process) and it was too doughy in the middle (taste like the dough was under cooked while the outside is crunchily good). Got the pork chop noodle, which I'm also not a fan of. The pork chop came separate and it's super oily. The only thing that came out well is the Seafood Noodle, which also went a little on the salty side.
Soy milk was good (it's sweetened).Xiao long bao was good. Came out fresh and hot (they won't taste good if they have been sitting for a while).Sheng jian bao had too much bread compared to the amount of meat inside (e.g., meat to bread ratio too low).Overall pretty authentic but it's weird they also mention they have northern dishes right under the store sign which makes me question the authenticity.
Best soup dumplings! Delicious food. Beef and string beans, noodles everything is delicious. Service was fast and friendly. If possible I would like to visit again.
Really good scallion pancake- nice crisp, good thickness and moist inside. pea shoots were tasty maybe a bit oily and salty but good. nice xiaolong bao skin. The cloth on the bottom of the steamer is fabric and makes the transfer much smoother. Good salty bean curd and milk.
Really fair pricing for better Chinese food than Chinatown!Loved the beef scallion pancakes and Shao Mai. The skin of the shao mai was really thin just how I like it and the sticky rice tasted really good. Unfortunately didn't have a chance to eat the xiaolongbao because my friend doesn't eat pork, but I'll definitely be back!The seafood crispy noodles were a disappointment though. They were very bland in flavor. The fish and noodles were good, just lacked flavor.
Wonderful service,  the staff was very friendly. I recommend everyone to stop by for a quick bite
Nan XiangNY Queens Flushing12pm Friday 23rd September 2016Four StarsIt was good but not that good. Tiffany tried to convince me that they had a Michelin Star but I am pretty sure their B food safety rating would automatically eliminate them from contention. They are however Michelin recommended which holds some but not very much significance. We were seated immediately. The warm soy milk was too Asian for me. The sticky rice with Chinese minced beef jerky was good. The beef noodle soup had some amazing noodles. They were thick, chewy, and fresh. The small strips of beef were dry and mediocre.  I want these noodles with Xi'an Foods Spicy Tingly Beef.  Today's the Soup Dumplings were good.  The wrappers were a bit fat and soggy but they were pretty thin.  The junction at the top was very thick and chewy.  The meat had a nice combination of fatty and lean meat. The soup was warm and delicious. The service was decent.
Authentic and delicious at the right price with extra props to their crab and pork soup dumplings and spicy beef noodle soup. Convenient metered parking lot across the street.
Good eats! Very popular spot for soup dumplings, noodle soup, scallion pancakes and other delicious dishes. Staff is friendly and quick to get food on the table.
Not incredibly sure if it's worth the hype--but you definitely cannot go wrong with a visit here. I really only came from the rave reviews and the nice Michelin man welcoming me in on the window, but I wasn't disappointed. My pork dumplings were fresh and tasty, and maybe not the best I've ever had, but very good nonetheless. They were pretty busy so I was happy to have gotten a table on a Friday night. Service was no frills, quick, and dependable. A really good choice for some Asian food.
Favorite and best for soup dumplings. Can't go wrong here. I've been at least a dozen times. Sometimes they forget my order, take too long to take my order or give us a receipt. I get they are always busy. I still go for the great food.
I been wanting to come here and never did because of the long lines. So my boyfriend and I were meeting friends around the area. Before that, we wanted to grab something before meeting them. When we went in, the lines were okay , not to bad. So we got our number and was told that it will be 10 mins wait. That's not bad at all. So we waited and waited for about 20 mins and we were still not seated. So they called number by number order  and suddenly skipped our number. We were like WTH and asked them what about us.  They told us because there was only two of us so we have to wait for a little bit. WTH. I do not understand the long lines. They were few tables that were empty and don't understand why can't we be seated. Anyway, not to long after we got our seat after 30 mins of wait and we were told 10 mins. So whatever, I'm just excited to try the xiao long bao and other stuff. The service is so terrible. The server was so rude, I asked for hot tea and he said I have to order first. WTH lol. I cant read Chinese character and  on the menu it didn't said unsweetened soy Milk so I  asked the server if there's any unsweetened soy milk.  I don't know if the server tried to be smart ass or what not and he told me to look at the menu. Wth lol. Whatever I'm hungry, so we ordered  crab and pork xiao long bao, beef pancakes, some handmade dumpling and rice shumai. To be honest, this place is so overatted. The food is okay and not that great but it's CHEAP tho. I saw a lot of good reviews and I was expecting more but I am not WOW. Maybe when the Chinese restautants gets popular the quality sucks more. Will I come back again? No, thank you. I rather go to the food court instead. The place is overcrowded and felt cramped when we waited inside. So uncomfortable.
Came here for a snack and ended up devouring a full meal - I don't regret it the least bit. Ordered the scallion pancakes, pan-fried noodles, fried dough, and way too many soup dumplings. Everything was hot and delicious. Both service and prices are classic Chinatown, lackluster but cheap. I typically just go to Manhattan's Chinatown to get my Chinese food fix, but this place is worth trekking to Flushing for. It's a cheaper version of Joe's Shanghai, essentially!
I've been here several times, from Brooklyn, and it is worth the long drive. During peak hours there is a line so be prepared to wait. I really like their varied menu and their soy milk-I've been told that it's actually made on the premises. My favorite items are the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, ALL the buns and Shao Mai. You can't go wrong coming here.
My hubby and I live in Brooklyn, and the subway ride to Flushing, Queens is a schlep--one we happily make for Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. We recently met a couple of friends there and the four of us shared steamed pork buns, steamed crab meat & pork buns, handmade dumplings, seafood crispy noodle, and scallion pancake with sliced beef. Everything was freshly made, absolutely delicious, and the prices couldn't be more affordable. My only less-than-happy constructive criticism would be for the restaurant to do a better job of keeping the bathrooms clean--they were, hands-down, the filthiest restaurant bathrooms I've ever seen.
We saw all the great reviews and just had to try it, and were greatly disappointed. There were some great dishes, but overall the food was bad enough that we will not be returning. Both the sweet and salty soy milk were okay. STAY AWAY from the fried bun with chives & egg, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, and chicken with wine sauce (was not even cooked all the way!). Some of our party liked the vegetable dim sum, but majority of us found it a great disappointment. We absolutely loved the scallion pancake, jellyfish with radish, and crispy noodle with beef. The service was great, but the staff do not speak great English.
The positive I enjoyed the crab and pork soup dumplings they were well made, and you could watch them being made to order by a couple female chefs in a room near the dining room. The scallion and beef pancake was yummy but the sauce inside was a bit on the thick side for me. I was not a fan of the Shao mai at all. The service here was absolutely terrible and the waiter were beyond rude and dismissive. We sat promptly and it took us over 10 minutes to finally get someone to come back and help us, mostly because the hostess saw us looking around for help and yelled from the hostess stand if we wanted to order. The place was empty which made no sense as to why it took so long. The dumpling were good, I don't know if I'd say they were the best in New York, but the service definitely doesn't have me wanting to come back.
Always packed here but i must say i love their soup dumplings and im very picky about my pan fried dumplings but here its great!
The food is a solid 3.5, the zombie quality service and cleanliness last time I was in drops it down to 2.For a long time this was my classic spot for xiao long bao. My last visit though, the quality of both the pork and pork/crab soup dumplings were just ok. The wrapper should be thin and with ideally 18 folds, these XLB were thicker and doughier and made for a chewy rather than silken texture. The soup and fillings inside were above average. Michelin and other guides point this restaurant out for soup dumplings, and I would agree that this place is still currently one of the best places in NYC for them given the soup quality and the low price. I pretty much liked most other items on the menu better than the XLB here tho. The food is very inexpensive and this place stays open later than most during the week, so I'll probably return and just skip the XLB next time I'm in the area.Other notes: -Grab a ticket number inside and head back outside to wait.-Buy a drink, the water is comparable to pond water.-Brace yourself for shit table service.-Cash only.
Best Soup Dumplings in the city, don't tell anyone cause lines get long.  Hot Soy Milk is great and plate of pure gluten is even better.
The soup dumplings may be almost the best in Flushing but finding parking around here and service makes it difficult to fully enjoy the food there. The main draw here are no doubt the soup dumplings. They will usually only have that and a few other smaller dishes...at least morning and the day. If you want a sit down classic Chinese sharing meal with plates of food, then look elsewhere. If you crave soup dumplings and other small dishes, this is the place. The only gripe I have with this place is the service. The lady in front isn't the nicest person and sometimes really grouchy but don't let her get to you, that's just how some people are. Once you are seated down, it's all up hill from there. Note: There are 2 types of soup dumplings. 1: Classic Pork. 2: Shredded Crab Meat. And one order contains around 6 dumplings  Your first time? Grab an order of both...unless your allergic, then get the other one. Enjoy!
I practically come here every time I go to Flushing now(5ish times in the past 6 months)..... Items you MUST order: Scallion Pancake W/ SLICED BEEF & Wontons in spicy peanut sauce(not wontons in soup)...havent had that.Can't get enough x3
We love their juicy bun and their hot soy bean milk. But  find their other noodle dishes very greasy. Their cold selections of appetitors are delish.   I was a bit  shocked that they don't have rice dishes. Ask if they can prepare cook it and told that they only cook what's on the menu.  I will only  go back because my husband loves their juicy bun. Do not expect good service.
Cheap and good. The soup buns are only $6!!! The inside is cool as well, you can see them making the food and it's pretty big, 3 sections total. I always get their ice soy milk and the fried rice. Nice place to eat good Chinese food, great place!
Service IS HORRIBLE.food is decent.  got 2 Xiao lung bar (one pork and one with crab meat). skin was not too thick and was able to hold a lot of soup and moist meaty filling.  tripe and beef was delicious and numbingly spicy.  sweet rice dumplings were also good.so why 2 stars?  we got a soy milk drink and when they brought it, there were food on the lid.  what did they do? wiped it out with their hands in front of us and walked away as if nothing happened.  when we asked questions they either avoid us or come to us in an annoyed facial expression.after we ate and paid, they actually stopped us asking for more tips....we had tipped them the amount we thought appropriate for their lack of service, if they want more tips, then please act the role of a good server, smile, and do a better serving job!even if the food is decent, with this kind of attitude and service, I would rather never come again.
I've been eating Chinese food my whole life in the nj/ny area. This is by far the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. I was in the flushing area of queens for a concert and went to yelp to find some food for a late dinner. Im glad I decided to come here. We ordered crab dumplings, seafood soup, and pork in fried noodles. Now they make all the pasta for the noodles and the dumplings in house, and you can tell. The dumplings tasted so fresh and delicious we didn't even need soy sauce for dipping. Im used to jersey dumplings where the pasta is almost rubbery. These dumplings where lite and melted in our mouths. The broth for the soup was phenomenal, even better than a typical ramen place. The seafood in the soup was very fresh tasting and the shrimp was perfectly cooked. There was noodles in the soup and my wife finished them all that's how I know the pasta was great because she didn't typically eat carbs. There was other fish in there but we didn't know what kind, but it was still great. My pork and noodle dish was perfect, not to saucy and gunky like your typical Chinese take out place. This place has long lines and 90% of the people who eat there are asian so you know its great authentic food. If your in the area and hungry def try this place you won't regret it.
Get the soup dumplings! I advise you to order the spup dumplings Asap. I ususally order them first and order rhe rest of my food afterwards because of the long wait time for the soup dumplings.
Decent Chinese joint in Flushing that is open late.Everything is pretty average here and I usually stick with the small plate choices that they have in the prepped food trays.  I like the fact that they have a decent amount of choices.  Although, somehow I always end up getting similar things...The XLB and dumplings here are ok; nothing out of this world. I ordered fried dumplings that came out within seconds.  I mean it literally.  Seconds... Were they really for someone else...?  Didn't care.  Ate them anyway.Service is pretty sparse and you may have to throw a spoon at someone to get a little love and attention.  Don't worry.  Spoons are plastic.  Ain't gonna hurt nobody...
I feel other reviewers have done a great job expressing how great the soup dumplings are, haven't seen enough praise for the beef chive pancake- they use a great sauce with it and its truly amazing. Also I don't understand what everyone is talking about in regards to the wait. I have been a few times and it wasn't an issue. I went even today in peak waiting time on a holiday and we waited about 10-15 minutes but it was very organized and the staff very attentive and helpful. Not only the best dimsum in Flushing but the best in NYC.
This is my first time to eat Shanghai food. Xiao long bao is very special. I think I might come back.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and there was a 15-20 mins wait for a party of 3. We ordered 1 pork soup dumplings, 1 crab meat with pork soup dumpling, Shanghai Shao mai and Shanghai Pan fried U-don to share. The Shanghai Pan fried U-don came out within 5 mins after placing our order whereas the soup dumplings took over 30-35 mins to come out. I understand that the soup dumpling takes longer to cook but there was another party of 8 that place their orders after I did and received their soup dumplings first. Everything was alright but I've had better soup dumplings else where. I would not recommend the Shanghai Shao Mai because the shrimp pasta made it taste a bit off.
If you are in queens or willing to go there this is a must ! The wait can be long at times but well worth it ! The soup dumplings - both steamed and fried - are delicious.
As with many of the busy places in Flushing, the food is stellar but the service subpar. The waiters and waitresses aren't the nicest or friendly, but dude, THOSE SOUP DUMPLINGS! Little hot pockets of soupy happiness that will make you forget about that surly host. Don't go during prime time because you'll always wait. We've gone a few times Friday around 8:30pm and easily snag a table for two. Spicy shredded beef noodles in soup, pan fried pork buns (YUM!), dumplings, and stir fried Shanghainese style rice cakes are our go-to :)
Came in after seeing they had a little following on yelp.   Went with Soup dumplings and noodles.   Both were great with a nice scoop of chili paste.    Prices are reasonable and service is friendly
Best soup dumplings around. Every time I'm in NY I stop by here. They are open early and late too. 6 pork soup dumplings for $5.95 and the ones with crab for $1 more. I've also had their soy milk cold and it is really good too. Not too sweet with too much sugar. The scallion pancake is also really good. Overall they are preparing good food and for a good price too.
Soup dumpling is definitely a recommended dish here.  We tried this and could not stop on just two case and had to order more.  Great place. Very busy at night so I do recommend to drop in reserve at once.  I don't think they accept phone reservation but I would recommend to call in to check the statues before going.
Legit xiao long bao and northern Chinese food. Was quoted a 25 min wait on a weekend for lunch but ended up waiting only 10 minutes for table of 2. Service is quick but they seemed short staffed so there were quite a few tables empty even with a line outside. We ordered:Hot soy bean milk in both sweet and salty. I grew up drinking sweet soy bean milk so it hit the spot. I never tried the salty version before which came with the fried dough that you usually eat with congee floating in it. It has the same consistency as the sweet soy bean milk but just blander, it was salty at all. Pan fried udon - I love Shanghai noodles because they're not too salty and the fact that the noodles are nice and chewy. The dish was mainly noodles with a little pork and bok choy mixed in. Shanghai siumai - these are siu mai with rice inside instead of pork and shrimp. I've never tried this version and actually prefer it over the dim sum version. Replace scallion pancake and beef scallion pancake - both good but I preferred the regular pancake without the beef. Xiao long bao - very good, came with 6 pieces
Delicious Xiao Long Bao. Waitresses are very attentive and prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back on my next trip to NY
The best soup dumplings in NY. Skin is super thin and holds the soup. Our go to order is the pork soup dumplings, garlic cucumber, spicy beef tendon, pan fried pork buns, and beef and chili pepper noodle soup. Service is quick but not the friendliest - they just want you in and out. Expect a wait on the weekends. Cash only.
Food still great but get rid of the cashier girl. Her apathy and lack of class is beyond rude and annoying.
My favorite soup dumpling place of all time. It is cheap, quick and delicious! Highly recommend the Shanghai pan udon and the scallion pancakes with beef along with the soup dumplings. I always have a good meal here, and it never lets me down. I would say try not to go on sundays since it does get very busy here and there can be a line!
Like so many people I came here for the soup dumplings. Being a big fan of Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings, I decided to give it a try because my friend said they were better than Joe's. I thought the dumplings were as good but not necessarily better. In other words, they were delicious!! And I would recommend getting the soup dumplings here. I also ordered pan fried dumplings, which were good but not as good as the soup dumplings. I believe this place also got a Michelin mention. So expects lines. I'm giving four stars for the dumplings. The broth inside was very flavorful. It's definitely worth checking out.
Yummy Taiwanese breakfast style place, but expect a long wait on weekends. I love that it has savory soy milk, fried oil sticks, and soup buns. The main star of the this place are the soup buns, of which my favorite would be the crab & pork ones. The soup is delicious and the meat is tender, while the skin is nice and thing, but not broken.The savory soy milk is regular hot soy milk with vinegar to curdle like tofu, then various fixings are added in. I like to get an extra order of the fried oil sticks and dip them into my soy milk. This should also be done if you order a bowl of the sweet soy milk.I enjoyed the beef wrapped in fried scallion pancake with an oyster sauce. The only issue with ordering this is that I always feel like a ball of oil afterwards. The little random cold dishes are a hit or a miss. I've had the cucumber which is nice, but kind of soggy. The wood ear mushrooms are delicious.
Oh hello delicious soup dumplings. Nan Xiang is my all time favorite joint to get soup dumplings. They're consistently well made (if you dine in the main area, you can watch the pros make 'em) - never overly salted, because let's face it, too much salt will kill a meal; good meat to wrapper ratio; and the soup...so good.Their scallion pancakes with beef are quite tasty as well. They're especially good with the garlicky cucumbers in the side. The cucs are refreshing compared to the (greasy) scallion pancakes. The only downfall is that you have to wait a while for the soup dumplings to come out! But that's what you get for great quality.
The last two times my boyfriend and I visited Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao we were pretty satisfied with the service and the food quality, but third time wasn't a charm. We came around 2-3PM on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded, nor busy. They usually give customers a number while they are waiting to be called, but we didn't receive any number until 5-10 minutes at the restaurant. We sat in a different dining area/section that we typically do. We knew exactly what we wanted to order, so we ordered away. Other customers after us were sitting a few tables away from us too, but they all received their orders faster than we did. We were already starving, but after 15-20 minutes (already 2:30PM-2:45PM) our food still didn't come not even my cold soy milk which doesn't take any time to make, as I've ordered soy milk before. We flagged down our waitress to ask her about our food and my boyfriend told her that everyone that came at the same time we did or after got all of their food except for us. We tried to flag down someone that appeared managerial, but his back was turned to us most of the time. Our waitress didn't have a real reason as to what caused our food to take forever and she also seemed to be avoiding us.The third or fourth time she came to our table, she brought a plate of garlic cucumbers as a sign of an apology, but it didn't help much and we also didn't eat it. After a 30-45 minute wait, my soy milk and our rice cake, soup dumplings, and scallion pancake finally arrived! The food was good quality as always, but honestly I lost my appetite after a major delay in our food arriving to our table. I am quite sure that our waitress put in our order late or gave some of our food to another table, as the other customers looked more like tourists. I used to like coming here for good soup dumplings, but after this service and experience - no more.
I was looking for soup dumpling near me. Foods are very reliable price and taste was greet! I will definitely come back
I do like the menu with pictures, and the restaurant is spacious.The Xiao Long Baos here are a little bigger than the ones I'm use to. Just a tad, and they are juicier. For the average price of $1/piece. They come in an order of 6, instead of 10, which is nice. The tongs are a nice touch.The beef noodle soup lacks in taste and the noodles texture/type didn't go well to bring the experience together. I would have preferred a thicker noodle (maybe torn noodles) and a richer broth. I've had Mama Lu's, ROC, and 101 Noodle Express to name the larger Taiwanese chains to compare Beef Noodle Soup (from Los Angeles). The green beans in the soup was confusing. Maybe it's a variation I just wasn't use to.I ordered the Soy Milk with the Youtiao --for a typical Taiwanese experience. But the Hot Soy Milk...didn't taste fresh (maybe a porcelain bowl would have made it taste better --I don't make sense as it spilled on me when I tried to drink it). Come here for the Xiao Long Baos ---but Flushing has so many places selling them, I'm not sure you need to stop by this place for them.Verdict: 3.5 stars, but I feel the Beef Noodle Soup could be so much better. --it's a Taiwanese Staple!
Came in the morning and gladly saw only one person ahead of me. I asked the Lady in the front for a table of one And she nodded. I waited for about 15 min. Until someone Else came in And ask for a table of two and the lady at the desk and gave them a ticket number. So I asked her if I should have gotten One too but she kind of just ignored me. The service is not that great. It took forever to get Me seated and even longer for the food to come. I got The soup dumplings, which were fairly good but i wouldn't come Back just for it.
The soup dumplings and noodles are to die for! Their scallion pancakes are also amazing!!!!! Actually everything here is amazing and cheap! Whenever I come I order a bunch of different things and share it amongst the table so we all get to try something new! Absolutely love coming to this place! Also there is a municipal parking lot across the street which makes this location very convenient!
I heard about this place for soup buns. Everyone said try this place and I finally did. The place is small. I got there at 2:45 and there was people waiting to get a table. Restaurant is cash only. Waited 15 mins. Ordered soup buns one pork and one crab meat with pork. Very very tasty. The crab meat better than the pork buns. Also we ordered seafood pan fried udon noodles and a ordered of veggie dumplings. The noodles portion was small but tasty. The veggie dumplings needed additional seasoning. A lot of greens in veggie dumplings. Very plain. I should've gotten another crab/pork soup bun. I definitely would come back.
Nan Xiang is my favorite Xiao Long Bao spot in Flushing. The service is pretty good even when the restaurant itself is packed. We got a dozen of the crab meat ones, the pan fried dumplings, and the scallion pancake. The price for all of that was fairly cheap as well! I'll be back very soon.
I was brought here by a friend who swore by their soup dumplings. I would imagine a restaurant with "Xiao Long Bao" in their name MUST have the audacity to really know how to make a killer XLB. Anyways, it was Friday night at 6:00PM and there was a half full (or half empty - whatever floats your boat) restaurant. Our party of 4 was greeted by the kind host (who can speak English and Chinese) who also sat us down.When you come to a place with "Xiao Long Bao" as part of the restaurants name you are basically forced to try their signature dish. Wow. These were the soupiest soup dumplings I've tried in the NYC area. I was "wowed" - which normally takes a lot for someone like me. if you've read my other reviews I on dim sum or soup dumplings I've given nearly everyone a 3. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao surpasses those restaurants and earned itself a 4. Why not a 5? I wasn't "wowed" by the service or cleanliness of the restaurant. Though the cleanliness is enough to be acceptable by the Health Department, it seemed like the back of the house was kind of dirty (concerning for a health freak like me). In addition the service was sub par for a relatively easy Friday night. We ordered the scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, and crab soup dumplings and it took what felt like 20-30 minutes. Besides the slow service and the unsanitary appearance, the food was absolutely amazing. I am definitely coming back to show friends!
I don't think this is the best soup dumplings, but they're definitely very good. I think I have an issue with the fact that they're not hot enough when they're served. So the soup starts to coagulate and doesn't taste as good. The scallion pancake with beef is definitely a must. They also serve tao foo fah aka taho for Filipinos. I think it's listed as a soft soy bean curd. Cash only but don't expect to be spending too much as everything is pretty cheap!
The level of consistency here is pretty amazing - I had this like 6 years ago and had a similar solid experience. Get the pork soup dumplings and scallion fried pancakes. Make sure to eat the dumplings the authentic way by dipping it in the black vinegar, holding it in a spoon, and drinking the soup. Service is what you'd expect from a Chinatown joint and it's cash only but we're here for the food.
It's really hard to not order everything off the menu here - everything is freshly made and super authentic. Don't be scared off by a line, the wait moves very quickly and it only took about 20 minutes to be seated on the weekend. Definitely do not pass on the soup dumplings - get several orders! They are the best I've had in NYC and maybe all of America... I also loved the salty sticky rice rolls (fan tuan), spicy beef & tripe, and the stir fried rice cakes with chicken. The iced soy milk is also super tasty. All the food here brings me back to my visits to Shanghai, and the prices aren't too inflated either. Service might be a little slow/hard to grab their attention as with many Chinese restaurants, so don't be afraid to speak up if you need something.Highly recommend!!
Definitely must try. We went and not one server spoke english so we just pointed at things and they brought them to us. The power of hand gestures. Everything was fresh, piping hot, and delicious. The service, friendly, even with the language barrier. The place stays packed, so expect a few mins wait. Its totally worth the wait. And then our check came and we thought it was a mistake. We couldn't read the language so we told her,  we ate so much, this can't be right. Turns out, it was correct. Sooo cheap, and immediately added to our rotation. Don't know how they do it, but we're mighty happy they're doing it.
I came here twice with people who heard how hype this place was. I came and left both times in a disappointment. Xiao Long Bao was average, didn't find the soup to be tasty. Shanghai noodles: the noodles were very firm and salty.Scallion pancake: was crispy (the only thing I kinda like)Cold beef flank and slice meat: was good. It had enough spice to it. I wouldn't get out of my way to come to this particular establishment.
Went here after work to have dinner with a few close friends. In the cold weather winter we were in a mood for soup dumplings. This place offers two versions of soup dumplings. One is just pork and the other is pork and crab. We decided to try both to see which one we liked better. All of us agreed that the pork and crab soup dumplings had a more rich and complex flavor than the pork ones. We decided to order another two rounds of the pork and crab soup dumplings. Of course to eat soup dumplings, don't make the rookie mistake of biting into the dumpling. Make sure you rest the soup dumpling in your soup spoon and use your chopstick to poke a hole in dough of the dumpling to let the broth seep out into the spoon. Then sip the soup until the dumpling is empty and finally eat the dumpling. I only docked the place a star since they don't have a huge selection of other dishes in addition to the soup dumplings. Service is okay, but could be better.
One of the most reviewed and well rated restaurants in downtown Flushing - decided to meet up with my aunt for a catch up early dinner before the rush. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs but since everything was so fairly priced, we sampled a little bit of everything. Cold sweet soy milk - authentic Chinese soy milk, nothing like the boxed stuffs in the American grocery stores. Smooth and chilled - thirst quenching! Crab and pork soup dumplings - best of the best! Fist sized - stuffed with fillings, so so juicy, and bursting of flavors. Pan fried dumplings - these weren't served until we were half way through all the other foods but they were definitely worth the wait. The pan fried skin - crispy yet chewy. The filling again was stuffed! Shanghainese noodle - a bit too greasy but still very yummy. The noodle was perfectly chewy. There were lots of veggies and shredded pork mixed within. Beef scallion rolls - too much of the sweet soy sauce. The beef was a bit tough. Not as good as ones I had in other shanghainese restaurants. Red bean puffs - we weren't sure what to expect based on the Chinese and English name. Tiny sweet bean filled puff pastries - the skin was a little too thick, filling was lacking the sweet red beans. Nice try but wouldn't get them again. Overall -  Service was standard Chinese. Foods were for the majority hits! Traditional shanghainese cuisine done right.
This joint serves Shanghai style dim sum. They don't have the steel carts being wheeled around. However what they do have are pre-prepared cold dishes you can find in most of the Shanghai-nese restaurants. In addition, they also have the traditional dumpling fare including soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, dumpling soup. I'm a fan of wheat based Chinese foods, so this was a nice fit.If you're really looking for the traditional Chinese breakfast, especially in the north - try the fried dough with warm soy milk and add a side of salt soy bean curd.
Very horrible service.Waitress is horrible and no manners. Bad experience on Chinese New Year Day!Shorty after, 2 guys look like from NY Dept walked in and told all the customers to leave immediately and do not worry about the bill.
Came back again today for lunch, and I must say that the visit was perfect. We ordered one streamed pork bun, pan fried pork bun, scallion pancake with sliced beef, braised beef noodle soup, and rice cake with shredded pork and preserved mustard to go. This was my first time ordering the beef noodle soup, and it's great I did. The soup was tasty and not very spicy (despite the intense red color), the noodles weren't overlooked and the beef was very tender.Instead of ordering too much and getting too full like last time, I took it slower. I also didn't eat more than two bites of the scallion pancake because too much oil makes my stomach hurt.In addition to avoiding a stomachache, the service was also very pleasant. Though the interactions were brisk and efficient -- as they typically are when eating at authentic Chinese restaurants -- the wait staff was pleasant. My girlfriend and I waited a bit for water because the restaurant ran out of clean cups, but the waiter seemed apologetic. It was all good. Five stars for this visit!
I heard this place was famous and my boyfriend was very eager to take me here. I always had the rule of thumb that you would know if the restaurant is good and authentic if you look at their clientele. That being said, it looks like they are more catered to the general american public. we ordered the the pork soup dumpling, vegetable dumpling and their beef pancake. Pork soup dumpling - good and savory but only for the first couple of dumplings until the pork "after taste" comes. Vegetable dumpling - it was very dry and bland. Beef pancakes - definitely have had better. The beef cut was too thick and dry, the pancake itself is too thick and they smothered it  with sauce to try to hide the "dryness" of it. I wish I could recommend another place close by but if ever you find yourself in Los Angeles Califonia, 101 Noodle in San Gabriel Valley will surely hit the spot for beef pancakes - Din Tai Fung will satisfy your soup dumpling cravings.
Four of us came here on Sunday for lunch around 1130 and didn't have to wait for a table. Got seated in the main dining area when you walk in. Although, it seems they've expanded quite a lot over the years..We ordered two baskets of Xiao long Bao and a handful of other side dishes. (A bit too much food to be honest) while all the dishes came reasonably quick; the Xiao Long Bao took a while. So try not to fill up on the small appetizers. Overall, everything tasted great and was reasonably priced. The one star lost is due to the lackluster service and you kind of get the feeling they are just trying to turn as many tables as possible.
Love their soup dumplings and it's cheap..it's a CASH ONLY place. And people complain about servers not being friendly. But I don't care I'm not trying to be their friend just pass me the soup dumplings so I can eat
I love soup dumpings and this place does not dissapoint. I remember coming here as a kid with my grandparents and we would get the soup dumplings, beef scallion pancake, fried dough and sweet soymilk. That would be the best breakfast ever! I've come here a few times this past year, and I've noticed that they don't make the beef scallion pancake as well as they used to, but it's still good. If you ever come to flushing, this place is a must try. The soup dumplings is juicy and delicious and the soymilk just makes everything better. Must try!
I try their soup dumping during their first few months of opening. That was really really good! The outer layer was very thin, but just enough to hold the filling when you pick up the   dumping and put it on your spoon. The service was good, the cashier was nice. So they should have my 5 stars...Until people start waiting, and they become famous...Now, I get attitude from the waiter or waitress when take more than few minute to order. The soup dumping outer layer is so thick. I actually talk to the manager about that, and he respond that the thick layer will be easy for most of the people eat it without losing any soup. And I don't really believe it. That's should be easy for them to make the thick layer instead of the thin layer.One good thing is they still able to keep the taste for the soup dumping. For other foods, the taste is about standard or maybe even below standard. But who cares, I believe people come here are for the soup dumping only.One last tip for everyone, don't order the crab meat soup dumping. The reason is they don't put much crab meat and there is no big difference and you can't really tell. So don't order the "over price" crab meat one, just stick with the regular one.
I like to come here after getting a happy ending cus it really is like the icing on the cake or cherry on the whatever they say.
Came here last night around 7:15pm with my girlfriend and it appeared to be quite busy. We were first on waiting list and just stood off to the side of the counter after being told we could sit next. Then another couple came in and got seated before us! We asked the hostess why they seated them first after we had came in first and she said "I don't know" then I asked her in mandarin she suddenly seated us a table immediately which was empty the entire time. Last night we got the pork soup dumplings, crab pork soup dumplings (had literally crab shells in them which I had to pull out), scallion pancake with beef, fried bean gluten (looked old), and the spicy beef noodle soup (shouldn't have ordered). After putting in our order our food came pretty quick but they gave us the wrong scallion pancake so we had to send that back. Overall, I'm only coming here for the scallion pancake with beef and the prices are great, but that's not even worth the under average service. I'd rather go to their new competitor Shanghai You garden two blocks down for soup dumplings.
This spot is usually my go-to for XLB (Xiao Long Bao) and  I've been going here for quite some time but this bad review is for that particular waiter that usually works on the left section of the restaurant. Among a few things that we ordered was the scallion pancake with beef dish. When some of the food finally arrived to the table, he puts down the scallion pancake (only) dish. I notified him that wasn't what we ordered and he replied back (in mando) saying, "it was made already and I can't take it back but if you want to add in an order the scallion pancake with beef you can." (..!?) I've never gotten that customer service before where the waiter doesn't fix his own mistake and tell us to pay for another one. That's just very disappointing.
I come here with my brother often but not as often as we used to. We order udon noodles, beef roll and two orders of pork soup dumplings. It's reasonably priced and the staff are quite courteous.
Came Friday right before noon and beat the busy lunch time rush. Good amount of seating and fast service. 1) steamed pork and crab soup dumplings - (5/5) the soup is very flavourful and the dumplings held a crazy amount of soup in them. One of the most delicious ones I've had2) beef noodle soup - (4/5) handmade noodles with clear flavour not too intense. Not very spicy which is perfect for me but watch the green peppers. Beef is very soft to he point of being too soft if that's possible. 3) beef pancakes - (4/5) great flavour and new take. The crust is like You Tiao and deliciously crunchy.
Solid food at great prices!! The XLB is perfect; the meat to soup ratio is spot on, and the dumpling skin is just the right thickness. An order comes with 6 and costs $5.95 (+$1 for crab+pork filling). The cold appetizers were delicious (try the fried bean gluten; trust me, it tastes way better than it sounds!) The noodles are average and not much better than ones you would get from a fast food joint. Skip this, and go for the items with the bizarre names.They also have a great breakfast menu, which we were allowed to order from at dinner time. The scallion pancake with sliced beef is the best I've ever had! A super crispy and flaky pancake with juicy, tender meat in the center. A little oily though, but that's prob why it tasted so damn good.-1 star for being cash only and for having flimsy, dirty laminated menus that have seen better days.
Unbelievable food... and you can eat the whole menu for $30.  I still dream of this place regularly.  Traveled from Suffolk county today.Pork buns, beef rice cake, cucumber salad, beef udon, scallion pancake, beef & chili pepper soup.
Came here after a long day of moving into my new apartment in Astoria! I think we came on an off day and time (lunch on Thursday at 3:45 PM, anyone?) so we were seated right away. I was with my Chinese-speaking family, so communicating and ordering with the wait staff was easy and enjoyable. I'm not sure if my experience would have changed were I not with my family, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt (they even asked to what family we had left in China/Taiwan, what they were up to... Chinese culture, y'all). We ordered our food, getting a shacha (Asian sauce) beef stir fry noodles, beef noodle soup, beef-green onion pancake roll, steamed char siu buns and a couple of soup dumpling orders to split in our party of four. Our orders actually took longer than expected, for there not being that many people in the restaurant but everything was solid and pretty authentic. I really liked the soup dumplings, get the pork and cabbage ones!! Probably some of the best I've had in New York. Unfortunately, they did forget the char siu buns that we'd ordered so we were left sitting at the end of our meal waiting for the buns... I think we waited about 15 minutes before my dad gave up and asked for the check. They asked if we wanted to wait a little bit and have the buns boxed and we could take them to go, but we declined. Overall good eating experience though, I'd go again if I were in Flushing but wouldn't make the long af trip out to Flushing to go again. Would recommend to anyone looking for Nan Xiang food (or authentic Chinese) in Flushing!
These soup dumplings are amazing. It is perfectly made each time and is packed with flavor. There are many restaurants in flushing who sells soup dumplings but this is the only place that really satisfies my soup dumpling needs. Absolutely a place to try out when you are in the area. The pork soup dumplings go for $6.50 for 6 which is a pretty solid deal. They have other great selections but I only get soup dumplings when coming here. The wait time is usually swole around 7-9 pm for dinner and 12-2 pm for lunch so get there alittle early to beat the line.
A no-frills dumpling and noodle joint that really hits the spot. The decor... well, there isn't any. And the great service... well, there isn't any of that either. But if you're looking for delicious Shanghai style noodles and dumplings that are made to order: this is the spot! I always order the shanghai pan fried noodles and the steamed pork dumplings. The pan fried dumplings are also good but I find the steamed to be more moist. The menu is very simple. A two-sided laminated sheet has some pictures and the back is the list with prices. They come around and refill your hot tea for free which is nice if you don't order a beer.Cash only is the only downside
Wow. Just wow. I've been going to Joe's for years, and I'm disappointed that I've never encountered this establishment. 13/10.Shanghai Pan Fried Udon ($6.95) 5/5 - the noodles were pretty greasy and kinda lacked flavor. But the bok choy mixed well with the noodles, and the small beef strips were a great addition. Definitely recommend due to its great price and amountScallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($3.95?) 7/5 - uhhhhhh get this please. no regretsShanghai Shao Mai ($2.95) 2/5 - tastes pretty bad, i don't recommend this to be honestCrab and pork soup dumplings ($6.95) 6/5 - tastes sooooooooo good. Make sure you eat this while it's hotI came here for the reviews, left with a full, satisfied stomach. Between 3 people, we all ended up only paying $10 each. Amazing. Life-changing. A revelation. Definitely going to come here at least 4 times a month
I was getting my car worked on in the area. Saw all the reviews on yelp so I decided to stop in. The place was pretty busy but I had no issues finding a seat. I ordered the crab & pork steamed bun and shao mai. It was real good. Hit the spot.  I'm coming back here with friends in a week or so to try some of their other items. Glad I found a new spot for grub. Also it doesn't hurt that it was inexpensive =)
A bit disappointed the last time was here. Xiao long bun, which are usually fresly made, steamy hot and juicy, were just average. I think the waiter waited too long to bring them to the table as they were cold when we got them. Don't expect much of a service, evdn though they have a lot of waiters and waitresses, it takes forever to call tgeir attention and get something. Other food is just average.
Short versionGood: Great XLB, tasty scallion pancakes, a variety of Shanghainese specialties. In general all their food is great.Bad: Cash only, service is hit or miss, long wait. Long versionThere is a great variety of food here. My father is from Shanghai and loves his Shanghainese breakfast food like salty soymilk and fried cruller. They do both very well here. Their scallion pancakes is also very good: crispy, fragrant, and good portion. The XLB is actually not the best I've ever had. That goes to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao. But these XLB are no slouch. The skin is not as thin but the meat is very flavorful. There's sufficient amount of soup in the bao. Unless you really, really like crab stay away from the crab XLB. It's not really worth the extra money for a small taste of crab meat. They have expanded but the wait is still sometimes ridiculous. Try to come on a weekday and bring cash... lots of it.
Finally came here for the first time on a Saturday around 4pm which is an odd time - too late for lunch and too early for dinner so there was no line! The soup dumplings were OK - the best I've ever had? No. Better than Joe's? I don't think so. But I do appreciate that these were bigger. Bigger dumplings = more soup! We also ordered a pan fried noodle dish with chicken. This was also just OK. Chicken was a bit dry and the noodles were more wet than crispy. Overall, just OK for a cheap and fast meal in Flushing.
This is my go-to place for soup dumplings. Its perfect to eat them especially during the winter. It tastes even better when you pour soy sauce and a piece of ginger inside of the dumpling. I always order scallion pancakes and sprinkle sugar on them. Must try them!!
Delicious soup dumpling. I like the crab and pork way better than just the pork soup dumplings.
Utterly fantastic. Great food, lots of choices, reasonably priced and very convenient. I was most impressed with the glutton tofu, oh my gosh! You can't tell it's tofu! Great pan fried noodles too. Big thumbs up!
Soy milk and You Tiao, chinese fried dough is the best combo for breakfast. It's one of the most traditional Chinese breakfast. I am also a big fan of chives pancake. Chive is a green vegetable with a special aroma. Since I don't eat red meat anymore, I don't order Xiao long bao anymore. I like to order the cold dishes, cucumber and seaweed, very refreshing. The price can't be more decent.
This place is legit. We finally had a chance to visit Flushing during our trip to NYC. We came to Nanxiang after eating at Joe's steamed rice rolls (which was also amazing). Although we were so full after Joe's, we still ordered 2 orders of XLB and pan fried pork buns. Not sure if this Nanxiang is affiliated with the OG one in Shanghai, this location doesn't disappoint if you are looking for authentic XLB and shanghainese food!
Food comes almost immediately (dumplings take long though). Everything tastes really good, only thing that's kind of annoying is that it's cash only. Service is ok, not great especially not during peak hours. But that's normal, good place to grab a quick lunch.
It was...okay. Scallion pancake just tasted like grease. Steamed buns and dumplings were okay...the broth was a little too fatty for my taste. Udon noodles were the best part.
I've been a regular here since they only had two store fronts and getting tables fri-sun nights were an absolute struggle. Glad to see they got another room to feed all their soup dumpling loving customers! I never been to a soup dumpling place better than nan xiao long bao and their cheap price seals the deal. I also usually get the lettuce and pork noodle soup but the size of the bowl shrunk since 4 years ago. But I honestly don't mind because you still get your money's worth. Service is not the best but I go for the food not the service Try their breakfast items too! I sometimes get the red bean puffs for dessert and they come out steaming hot and crispy.
Woke up early cause of day light saving so we went here for breakfast. OMG!!! It's delicious!!! Even our picky eater kids loved their soup dumplings. Will definitely be back!
Not as good as chinatown ones. Taste is not strong enough, just as normal as other street stores. Many ppl wait in line just cuz the famous name and long history. But I don't think it keep the performance standard hight
The soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes were A++. The pan fried dumplings bordered bad. Practically no meat inside. The Shanghai Shao Mai are apparently popular, but fell flat. But still, I can tell the place delivers with the Monday night crowd and large menu. And the two dishes that were better, I absolutely loved.
The food was okay   in comparison to the other restaurants in flushing.  The soup dumplings were the best thing from this place. The pan friend noodles are alright. The service was okay forgot to bring the dumplings but he was nice about it .  Besides that everything else was okay..
I have been here sooooo many times and I never leave disappointed. The service is very fast (unless they forget a part of your order, which has happened to me more than once and is the only reason why the lose a star). Order both flavors of soup dumplings (that's why you're there, right?), scallion pancakes, and rice cakes. None of the other dishes are worth your time. Quick service, extremely affordable, and delicious food. As they say in basketball, this place is a slam dunk!
I came here for dim sum thinking they have a lot of varieties to choose from but it wasn't the typical dim sum. The food was alright...nothing special. My friend and I came out full but not fully satisfied. While exploring the area, we were like we should have ate here or here or here.But it must be me...because this place gets really pack. Must be the noodle soup...that looks good. Didn't order it but it looked good.
If you ever have the chance to visit, you MUST order the beef pancake. It is soooo good!!! The hype about the soup dumplings are true, they melt nicely in your mouth and the flavors are wonderfully situated. Love the food here, soups, noodles etc.
This place seems to always be packed and it has a great reputation. The soup dumplings are really good and I'm a huge fan of the beef scallion pancakes. The service is pretty good and the prices are not bad.One downside I have, though, is that one out of the two times I've been here, my spoon smelled very very strongly of a bathroom odor. The second time, my spoon was fine but my friend's had that same smell. Even after asking for another spoon, it smelled the same. I'm not sure why no one else smells it, or maybe it just isn't as strong to them as it is to me.However, it did have an impact on my experience. The second time eating there was much better than the first.
Came here on a Saturday around 5:45 and didn't have to wait for a table for 2. We weren't super hungry, but wanted to eat something before we headed back to Manhattan. Service was meh - it took us forever to get seated because the hostess just seemed to ignore my presence for 5 minutes? The servers were nice, but not really attentive; we had a back table so we had to keep trying to flag their attention. We ordered: Cucumber and Garlic - this is the perfect appetizer when you want to order something lighter. The flavors are subtle, yet satisfying. The pickled cucumber reminds me of a home-cooked meal. We didn't expect it to be as good as it was.Scallion Pancake with Beef - a normal scallion pancake stuffed with beef and Peking duck sauce. You can't really go wrong with that combination, but I found that the whole thing just tasted like the sauce. Not bad, but not particularly impressive either. XLB - good, but not blow-your-mind good if you've had a lot of XLB in the past at places like Din Tai Fung. I've definitely have XLB with thinner skin before. The soup inside was flavorful.Total came to $20 after tip. I'll probably be back to fulfill any XLB cravings unless I find somewhere better.
Shhh-shh, it's okay. Nothing lasts forever.Nan Xiang is still an acceptable option - on par with Joe's Shanghai - for soup dumpling newbies wanting a 小籠包 experience that probably won't suck. The wildly popular restaurant has expanded into either of the spaces beside it, the menu is entirely in English with photos, and waitstaff are more than ready to jump in in English if your Chinese falters for a second.But as far as the *best* xiao long bao in NYC? Alas, no more. The xlb had always been inconsistent, but the majority of my visits are now disappointing. The dumplings are still huge, filled preposterously with lovely gelatinous broth... but the skins have been too thick, never as tender as they used to be. Considering an order is more expensive than others in the area, it's no longer worth it.I didn't mention in my last review that all the noodle dishes on the rest of the menu are actively bad. We used to order noodles here solely to fill up (can't eat a meal consisting only of soup dumplings!) but I realized eventually that I've literally never enjoyed them - bland, greasy, often just starch and sauce. I'm giving up.Once a bright spot on the menu, even the Taiwanese breakfast has become subpar. The 油條 (Chinese cruller) is half the size it used to be, the soy milk served tepid. The scallion pancake beef roll features a thoroughly blistered pancake, deep fried at such low temperatures that it's oil-logged. Worse, the paltry amount of sliced beef inside is an insult. I don't think beef needs to be the center of this dish, but come on, Nan Xiang, you've brought in tons of revenue from good press over the years. At least try to deserve it.They're still cash only, they're still busy no matter the time of day, and I'm sure they won't miss my business.
The food has been good 2 out of 3 times I've been here.My last eat was:crispy seafood noodlessteamed pork dumplingsFood is satisfying but not something to write home about.I wouldn't say these are the best soup dumplings but they taste very good.Waiters are there to only order your food and bring it to you. They don't check to see if you need anything more after that.Nan Xiang is open a bit later than other restaurants in the area, so its not a bad choice if you're out and want some decent food. Just don't expect great service.
Cash Only. Don't expect good service Stick w the soup dumpling and handmade (smaller 8 pcs) dumpling. I didnt like the Siomai-it's fake- rice and  no meat. Fgats dissappointing
Have been here a few times previously and went again this past week while in Flushing. Huge thunderstorm hit on a Wednesday evening so no lines which was a good thing. Had to order the XLB, the pan fried pork buns, the beef wrapped in scallion pancake, rice cake with pork and sour cabbage which are our go to dishes. All are very good but my favorites are the pan fried pork buns and the beef in scallion pancake...can't go wrong here although the service can be quite slow and they only take cash...so be ready
Came here for dim sum menu on a Sunday afternoon and was pleased with the food and flavors. This place is strictly about the food and you're in and out. You're not going here for decor or fancy linens, although they can improve on the area by the bathroom, where boxes were exposed to the customers that are seated nearby. The food comes out very fast and it would be helpful if they refilled your tea without having to ask for it or look for a server to refill my cup. The scallion beef pancake was delicious. The pork buns were good. The spicy beef noodle soup was amazing and so was the crunchy noodle seafood. I didn't have to wait long to get a table.
Shanghainese is our "flavor of the month" it seems.  Can't get enough of it.We were in the area and decided to try NX -- based on the stellar Yelp reviews.  Not much I can add after almost 2000 op-eds before mine -- other than to say I don't think the food was 4 or 5 star outstanding. The soup dumplings are definitely worth a taste -- they are flavorful, "soupy" and texturally perfect -- as advertised.  But the Shanghai shiao mai were very average (Shanghai in Ft. Lee yelp.com/biz/shanghai-re… does them far better -- more mushrooms, better texture and up tempo  seasoning).  The tea was little more than hot water. Disappointing in any Chinese restaurant.Service can be brusque and it is cash only -- probably why everything is so cheap -- and parking in the area is a bear on Sundays.  Our fried bun (more like empanada) with chives and egg was mostly chives with a dash of egg, lightly fried but with an unpleasant, burned oil after taste that lingered. The crispy noodles with beef and mushrooms was a pleasing study in contrasting texture and flavor - but the saucy beef and mushroom mixture was overly thickened with corn starch and set up unpleasantly with clumps of jello-like goo.If in the area, I would go back to NX for the XLB -- and maybe try a few other dishes -- but the limited menu and missteps will probably keep me in NJ or Chinatown when the Shanghainese mood strikes me.Top Tip:  Use the parking lot in the Prince Tower -- $6 bucks for 2 hours.  Better than municipal parking with little hassle.
TL;DR--freaking amazing food. freaking horrible service. but you're not here for the ambiance, you're here for the foodGot seated pretty quick. No wait. To be expected as we were there ~10:30 on a Thursday morning. Still a decent crowd for that time of day though. I'm pretty new to the XLB game but I think I found the all time champs. The xiao long bao here are excellent. Even better than Din Tai Fung in my humble opinion. The crab in the xiao long bao is super generous and the dumplings themselves are rather big compared to other XLB places. They're stuffed full of a savory, perfectly seasoned generous pocket of meat with a deliciously soupy, body warming broth inside. Everything is so juicy; your eyes will roll to the back of your head when you take your first bite. A MUST GET for sure. If you absolutely have to pick between the two, get the plain pork XLB. While the lump crab flavor was excellent, I found the texture to be ever so slightly distracting from the overall mouth-feel. But I'm being nitpicky; just get both of them. Doesn't matter if you're eating by yourself, doesn't matter if you're already full, doesn't matter if you're broke. Just get both types. Worst case, Take it home and heat it up and relive the awesomeness again.   Other dishes we got: Scallion Pancake with Beef: I found a lot of people raving about this but I found it over-hyped. Yes, it was pretty good but would I order it over a second round of XLB? nah. The hoisin was just a little overpowering. The pastry a little too dry, especially paired with that type of meat. I think it was beef flank. Cooked that way, it tends to be dry and chewy. Maybe get it once to try it but I found myself wishing I had order more xiao long bao instead. We also got Fried Dumplings. My SO ordered this despite my reasoning that we were at a soup dumpling restaurant (the guy really loves his fried jiaozi). I regretted my protest after I tried one. I ended up fighting him for the last one. O.O. These fried dumplings are probably the best ones I've ever had. Incredibly crispy on the outside yet incredibly moist on the inside. They seem to have the same filling as the XLB so they have the same excellently seasoned meat. The best part? There was broth on the inside!!! Not as much as the XLB but holy crap, it elevated the dumpling. Imagine: biting into a crispy, perfectly doughy crust and then finding a small explosion of delicious pork and juice in your mouth. ;) I liked these almost as much as the xiao long bao.So yeah food's good. But service was not. I'd give service probably 1,5 stars. We saw our waitress maybe 3 times. Once to bring out tea, once to order food, and once when we got the food. Didn't see her to get our check. Had to get up and tackle someone else down (not really) but after awkwardly saying excuse me and raising my hand awkwardly for 35 minutes at various staff members, I really had to boogie out of there. But whatever, 5 star food and 1.5 star service doesn't equal 4 stars but whatever, food's that good!
This place is a slice of China right in the middle of NYC. This place is authentic Chinese food. Mostly dumplings, noodles, and dim sum. The service was fast and friendly, with a never-ending cup of Oolong tea. They had a deep selection of everything- we went for the crab dumplings, scallion pancakes, and seaweed salad. The seaweed salad was crispy and fresh, perfectly marinated. The scallion pancakes tasted like onion filled Indian fry bread. Crispy, sweet and perfect. We also got some smaller dumplings that seemed to be full of a grain, like bulghar. The prices were quite reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food. The restrooms were inoperable when we came. The waitress suggested that I go a few doors down to the liquor store.
Xiao Long Bao and Green Onion Pancakes pleasantly satisfied my party on a cold and rainy day. My party of seven had come mid-afternoon after flying into NYC. The rich broth was perfect for warming us up. The skin of the dumplings were tender while springy. The Bing (green onion pancakes) were quite oily, so I would not order it again. The staff refilled our tea plenty of times during our visit.
The staff doesn't have a very good attitude toward customer, but their food is okay, they have pretty good breakfast
The food tastes great here!! But the service is BAD!!! No staff care about serving us hot tea! Our buns and shumai came in first, when we almost finished the buns and shumai, and after asking the waiter again and again, our soy milk finally came. Our appetizer-the cold dish came in last! We asked for our check, and again it took them so long to give us. The bad service ruined everything! It's not just a bummer, it's horrible experience!
This is my favorite xaolongbao in New York! (Walking distance from 7 Train)Fun hang out with your friends and slip on the juicy and flavorful dumplings. The place has three different parts for seating with so many different menus: cold appetizers, dumplings, and noodles.The people who work here are nice!! For first timer, they have English menu with pictures on one side and more menu on the other side. Also, if you are having trouble with anything, dumpling are really delicious and cheap!I usually get cold appetizer, spicy bamboo shoot! It has a sour and tangy flavor on top of spicy oily sauce. The main part is the soup dumpling. You have a choice between just pork or pork and crab meat. Both are so good! If I'm hungry or with many people, I get scallion pancake with beef. Oily and crispy outside with tangy yet oyster-y sauce and beef inside is something to start off your meal right.Service is not the best but you come here for the food not the service. There is usually a wait here if you come on Friday or weekend but usually it is not too long. Make sure you remember that "cash only" so bring enough money pay for your food!!
The noodle soup kicks ass and the prices are so good. I think the xiao long bao is a little weak compared to Joe's. But then Joe has a secret they put lard inside. Shhh...  Girls will like Joe's less usually because it is less greasy.
Best xiao long bao in nyc. Also the beef wrap was tk die for. Superpacked on sat. Get their a littlelater to get a seat.
Met friends here for dinner. I enjoyed the company certainly and the soup dumplings, and the price... but that's it. All other dishes were rather salty or oily. The staff were nice though so a definite plus!! We were also not bumping into the next table as it's common in flushing... Again a plus :-)
3.5 stars. Came here after hearing and reading about all the hype of this Michelin Recommended spot in Flushing. Ordered the scallion pancake with sliced beef, the spicy pork and vegetable wontons in peanut sauce, and the famous pork soup dumplings. The scallion pancake that so many on Yelp bragged about was disgusting - an overly greasy pile of dough with a razor thin slice of beef and some hoisin sauce. It was something you would get in a ghetto Americanized Chinese restaurant. However the bad food ended there. The spicy pork and vegetable wontons in peanut sauce were fantastic, and the sauce was the star of the dish - and not overly spicy. The pork soup dumplings (which every packed table ordered) was great. I'll split hairs here and say the dough was a tad too thick. You can actually see the soup broth in other soup dumplings offered at other places in Flushing. But these soup dumplings were big, super soupy, and is the reason why this place is known in the area. Cash only.
One of the best dumpling spots I've had in the city. Unless many places in Flushing or in the city, this place stays in touch with their Chinese roots. No fancy music, no overpriced bullshit, no over the top decorations to draw in people, just really good food for a good price. They have a very wide selection in their menu. I had a few different varieties of dumplings along with the steamed pork buns. It was all very good. The service was relatively quick and good as well. Highly recommend.
Although the food is pretty good the host at the front is extremely rude, she doesn't acknowledge you or welcome you when entering the restaurant. Also the cleanliness of this restaurant isn't very good, bathroom is disgusting, the top of soda cans are dirty, the floor need to be swept and mopped, and if you can see inside or the kitchen it isn't very clean either. Also this place only takes cash to avoid paying there fair amount of taxes so they are getting over on the government and the community.
This review is for the breakfast- namely the you tiao, fan tuan, dou jiang, sheng jian bao, and cong you bing. Being a Taiwanese-American, I simply LOVE Taiwanese breakfast, and there really aren't that many options in the area, so I found this place via yelp. The food is definitely quite good, and prices all reasonable. Only thing is I came at 10ish in the morning, and they didn't have any fan tuan or sheng jian bao available, so I ended up waiting 20 minutes for them. Cashier gave me a tip to call my order in ahead of time next time, which I did, and was very happy with it!TL;DR- call ahead for your breakfast orders otherwise you might wait for the yummy fan tuan and pan-fried dumplings!
Worst service ever. Ordered pan fried pork buns, took a bite into it and saw that the meat was RAW. Returned it expecting to get a new order. Receive my SAME order (bite mark still visible) just refried, and probably cooked with other buns. AT LEAST GIVE ME A NEW ORDER SINCE I COULDVE BEEN SEVERELY SICK WITH THE RAW MEAT YOU TRIED TO SERVE ME.Also refused to sit my family and i at a preferred table for 8, when the restaurant WAS COMPLETELY EMPTY AND NOT BUSY, and we didn't want to sit by the bathroom/kitchen.
This is my second time visiting this place and was the worst experience. Food is good. Service was horrible. We left the tip we did since all our server did was bring the food and was never to be seen again. The server was so quick to take the checkbook away after we put our cash in the checkbook.As we were about to leave, our lady server comes back to us in a nice tone that we didn't leave enough tip. This whole experience, she probably said less than 15 words to us. Her tone was especially nice when she found out our tip was not enough.I never write reviews on yelp. But this experience really made me mad that they would do that.Tip is for service. And overall our service was not great.Please do not demand tip from your customers.
Had to get the soup dumplings (they were very good 4/5).  Also had the pan fried dumplings (4/5), chicken in wine sauce (4/5), cucumber in garlic (5/5). Perhaps a little too authentic for western pallets, but plenty of options to satisfy everyone.
I love this place. I come here for the soup dumplings but I also love the beef pancakes and the spicy beef noodle soup. I fell in love with soup dumplings at din tai  fung here in Seattle and I ended up finding this gem of a place in NYC when I wanted my friends there to try them. I try to go to this place every time I'm in NY. The service is very professional, you'll get everything you ask for but don't expect smiling faces. Great food. Great price
This rating is strictly for the beef noodle soup.  I found the noodles to be soggy and likely reboiled.  Arghhh   what a waste of noodles!  Can really make or break a bowl of beef noodle soup.  The soup was light and very enjoyable.  Nice and dark.  The beef was tender and broke apart easily.  Did not see tendon as an option.  I am willing to try again as they were packed.  This rating doesn't reflect their soup dumplings which are to die for.   Their soup dumplings and vegetarian steamed dumplings are top notch. But I came here strictly to try their beef noodle soup.   There cold dish bar is great.  Love walking over and picking appetizers. The marinated seaweed and the jellyfish are killer.   Be prepared to wait.Will definitely return. I also realized that I did NOT capture a photograph of the beef noodle soup.  I shall return!
The food was amazing. The pork soup dumplings was very juicy. Definitely a great place to go with family or luncheon with coworkers. Try the crab pork soup dumplings. Careful when eating though. The soup was burning hot inside the dumpling.
This is a staple stop for me whenever I'm staying in the Flushing area. The prices are super good and the food never disappoints. I almost always get the Shanghai noodles and soup dumplings. I also love the hot soy milk and crispy dough to dip in for breakfast. Last time I tried the scallion pancake with sliced beef and it is now my new addition to my regular order. A bit on the greasy side, but still a tasty dish overall!
This place used to be better now everything is just pretty greasy and oily and you need extra napkins to wipe your mouth and hands are usually always get the Shanghai Nice noodles but now they put less meat and vegetables inside the noodles looks like they're getting cheaper the chicken soup used to be very flavorful with Chinese herbs and now he's just he's like they throw in a bunch of salt. After you had a meal in this place you really need to chug down two bottles of water cause your mouth will be extremely dry and thirsty. The soy milk is also very water down.
Incredible food, we especially enjoyed the pork soup dumplings.  The spicy beef & tendon , fantastic!  Our first time eating scallion pancake with beef slices very flavorful.  We will definitely be back before our trip is over.
I really want to give this place 4 stars but the quality has gone down in its XLB. I'll start with the food. I came with a group of 6 and we ordered multiple orders of the pork XLB and the crab XLB. The XLB came out piping hot which was exciting but the skin texture was much too thick for it to be a XLB. It tasted like a dumpling wrapper and didn't fit the bill. The soup inside the dumplings was also average. It could have used more flavor. The crab one had more flavor in its soup. The actual meat was flavorless. The flavor of the meat just never came out. Dissapointing. If you have to order XLB - get the crab one. We also ordered the scallion pancakes with beef. The scallion pancakes are different as they are deep fried so it was super oily. Also, they added too much sauce into it and not enough meat. Only a few pieces of meat were inside. We also had a few appetizers to begin with. Those were on point. Real flavorful. We got the bean gluten and the spicy beef with tripe. Highly recommend on both. Service here was mehhhhh. Took multiple times to get water and ginger for our XLB. They were friendly though and spoke English well enough to understand us. I really hope their quality of food comes back up. This used to be my go-to spot for XLB but it has regressed and has become your above average  XLB shop.
It's really a toss-up between this place, Kung Fu, and Joe's for best soup dumplings. But some of the pork dishes here have made it my top choice. And the prices can't be beat.
I'm impressed with the XLB at Nan Xiang. I've read some mixed reviews on Yelp but happy to say my experience was what I hoped for.Ordered 2 orders of XLB, 1 of the sheng jian bao (pan fried buns which are my white whale), 1 of the guo tie (pan fried dumplings aka potstickers), 1 of the rice cake with pork and preserved cabbage, and 1 of the scallion pancake beef wrap. The potstickers, rice cake, and beef wrap were all nothing to write home about, and varied between eh and decent. I wouldn't waste my time/money/calories on them next time.XLB: Next to Joe's Shanghai/Ginger, probably my favorite that I've tried in NY. I'll have to return to check on consistency, but I loved the non-sweetness of the broth and the well-roundedness of the skin: neither too thin or too chewy. They were hot, they were fresh-tasting, and they were gone too soon.Sheng jian: I'm feeling ambivalent about these. On one hand, they're one of the most bready iterations I've ever had - I really got the "bao" part when eating through. That means the broth/juice from the insides of the bun gets completely absorbed by the bun itself. I don't like that. On the other hand, however, the resulting soaked bun was incredibly tasty and the meat inside was flavorful, so I wound up eating quite a few and enjoyed them more than I thought I would at first bite. Overall, I still haven't found a sheng jian in NY that can stand up to those I used to eat in Shanghai, so I'll look on and skip these next time at Nan Xiang.Overall, Nan Xiang's XLBs were definitely worth it, and I'd come back just to have an order or three of them. There's great food worth trying everywhere in Flushing, so I don't think I'd order other dishes here again, but I can see myself taking people here for a snack or an early round of restaurant hopping.
Yummy soup dumplings! Though they are just as good as the ones from Joe's Shanghai. I recommend the crab and pork soup dumplings. They will come out super steamy hot and we had to wait 5-10 minutes for them to cool down.We ordered the spicy tripe as an appetizer and it was extremely spicy (must be the red peppers sprinkled all over and maybe they were doused in hot sauce). It was difficult to finish such a spicy dish but we managed to with the help of water and hot tea. I also ordered a chicken soup that was basically a watery broth with pieces of bland chicken and bone. The scallion pancakes with sliced beef we ordered were very filling but would be better with some sort of teriyaki sauce.Lastly, make sure to bring cash because they do not accept card! Though, the prices are overall a good deal and cheap. The staff was more direct and rushy rather than friendly. Overall, it was nice to try their soup dumplings but we prefer Joe's Shanghai for next time.
Soup dumplings are great :)Yes service is not great - don't expect a smile or good attitude from your servers. Food is great though- my husband and I only come for the soup dumplings (pork and crab and just pork). Their soy sauce mix thing is amazing also. Love the hot tea too :)
This is a popular place with great food, good location, so so service, and no atmosphere.  Yes, the dumplings are excellent.  We had the about six different dishes including the soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, and pan fried buns.  They were all excellent.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
If I could give a zero, I would. They had a bug in the beaf and refused to replace it, saying that it was after the fish was given to us. We were so upset that we gave less than one dollar gratitude because they literally gave the worst services and showed no respect to customers. After we paid, they came to us and yelled in front of all people that tips have to be above 15%. When did customers have to pay that much gratitude when they had no service at all? We jut kept walking out and one of the staff still came after us and threw the coins we left to our faces. Just one advice, avoid this shitty restaurant if you don't wanna eat bug and get robbed!
So this place features in Michelin guide and though the food was good but I would not call it the best Chinese food I have had in the states. Having said that the food was still good and maybe lets say one of the best xio long bao that I have ever had (and I have had the din tai fung in California).  We got pork xio long bao,  wontons in spicy peanut sauce,scallion pancake, chive hot pocket and crispy noodles with shredded chicken. The xio long bao was full of soup and was really good, scallion pancakes were just ok not the best we have had, the chive hot pocket was good and stuffed with a lots of chives but the shredded chicken noodle dish was just meh. The dish of the day was 100 percent the wontons in spicy peanut sauce. The peanut sauce was so good that I wanted to drink it, I poured the remainder of the sauce all over the noodles so that they might get a little flavor. They say that don't expect good service from a Chinese restaurant and this place was a good example of why Chinese restaurants have that reputation. We had no sauces on our table and we didn't get any with xio long bao. The nice couple on the next table noticed and passed us their bottle of sauce since they were done. When they left the restaurant we had borrow the chili oil and other sauces from that table. Also the table was small and there was not enough space yet they didn't bother to remove the empty dishes after we were done with a dish. But other than that food was decent, next time I would like to try some of the breakfast dishes.
Absolutely LOVE their soup dumplings. I was spoiled by this place and now whenever I eat soup dumplings from anywhere else, I cant help but compare to these. The wait normally goes by pretty fast depending on what time you go. So the soup dumplings are the best item on the menu but don't let that keep you from trying the other items. I also enjoy their scallion pancakes and some of their other dumplings. Overall, I think that this place is definitely worth a try especially if you are in the area and in need of some warm, comforting food.
Arived 2pm, wait 20min for a table, 3,5 groups ahead of us. Clean space. We order sweet soy milk, served in a bow. Not too bad. Homemade chive dumpling, Shanghai shao mai, pork and crab bun. Everything is very different since it's Shanghai style, it's not dim sum if you - just like me, non chinese expect. The nightlight is salad bar, I order cucumber salad, bean curd with mushroom and bean curd.Tasty
Today  I went there for dinner  with my friends,   we love the dumplings. The service was not good, maybe they were busy and they accept cash only.  No good
Came here from the US open for a quick bite, food was amazing, had the pancakes with beef and scallion and also the dumplings filled with pork and soup.
The crab & pork soup dumplings here are DELICIOUS.. so much better than most other shanghainese restaurants in the city. I also really liked the iced soy milk, it was refreshing especially since I came here early in the morning right after a red eye flight. There seemed to be a lot of hype with the scallion pancakes, but I wasn't the biggest fan of them. I prefer mine thin and crispy while these were really thick and dough-y. But I think it's just my personal preference because my bf really enjoyed them.The Shanghai Pan Fried Udon was decent, but I didn't think it was anything special. I think next time I'll stick with just getting multiple orders of soup dumplings and I'm interested in trying their fried rice cake dishes!
Come early or come late to avoid the crowds. The soup dumplings are good better than Joes. Has a mix of some dim sum plates too. A decent experience without having to wait hours to be seated.
Decent food with surly service.The XLB are excellent here and pretty cheap. The beef scallion pancake is also very good (I mean how can beef wrapped in fried goodness with hoisin sauce ever be a bad idea?).Skip the shao mai (almost entirely rice) and just get another round of XLB.
I'm typically not a fan of 'Chinese' cuisine, but everything we got at this place, I found to be delicious:pork soup dumplingscrab soup dumplingsblack fungi...can't remember what else...Will definitely be back, and this time introduce some other friends to the place.
I've been several times and I'm still in love with their pork soup dumplings. I think this is the best fresh soup dumplings I've ever had. The beef pancake also hits the spot too. I would 5/5 recommend this place to have a quick breakfast/lunch
You're here for the steam dumplings, so don't be shy. Try the ones with crab and the ones without and decide for yourself which you like better. Don't miss the scallion pancake with beef. It's the best scallion pancake I've ever had.
The food comes out fast and it's delicious! Came here for soup dumplings and it's definitely better quality in my opinion (less salty, less oily) compared to the other popular restaurant. We also ordered the fried udon noodles which is now my favorite dish. Will return with a bigger appetite! FYI cash only!
I spent all week searching high and low for some soup dumplings. I stumbled upon an article and settled for this place considering I live on Long Island and did not feel like going into the city. We arrived at dinner time and were seated immediately. Upon being seated we were given green tea and our menus. My brother in law ordered the Shanghai Pan Fried U-don and I ordered the Scallion Pancake. Both extremely delicious and we knew we were off to a great start. We also ordered the regular soup dumplings and the crab dumplings. Everything came out in a timely fashion. Soup dumplings were filling, delicious, and rich in flavour. My only complaint is that the spoons provided were a tad smaller than the dumpling therefore it was easy to accidentally poke it and have the soup pour out. Other than that, and the fact that the servers weren't the most attentive, everything was great. Can't wait to come back to have some more xiao long bao and try the other dishes this place has to offer. *As others have mentioned the place is cash only and kind of easy to miss.
Nan. Xiang. Xiao. Long. Bao. Review is over. LOL jkThis is the best soup dumpling place around - in New York. For those that disagree, go get your taste buds checked at the taste bud doctor. This place is not overrated. This place is not To start, this place is located in the heart of Flushing. A little annoying to get to, and usually there's a wait, but good things come to those who wait. The service here can be a bit 'rigid' or 'cold' but I think that's just due to the culture barrier/language barrier of the restaurant. Don't get too taken aback by it. The go to is the pork soup dumplings. I personally don't like the crab meat. I don't really like the yellow color or taste. The cucumbers are good here, the scallion pancake (though oily, doughy and not worth it). The noodles always look really god. The reason why the soup dumplings are so good is because a) the dough they use for the bao is solid, not too doughy, not too light, just the right amount b) it's fresh and doesn't have any weird tastes in the pork / soup c) the bao doens't just break when you pop it Moreover, if you want soup dumplings. Come here. Just stop reading this review, and google maps, apple maps, waze, uber, lyft, tinder, juno, whatever this place here and eat this soup dumpling. Then let me know how right I am:)
Really great authentic food! I ate the scallion pancake with the vegetable dumplings and it all came up to $10. They serve you hot tea once you get there so it's not an additional cost. Problem I would have to say is the space and that it only accepts cash. Great experience !
I'm really disappointed. The soup dumplings taste so different from what they used to taste like. It's a bland off balance mixture of meat and ginger that does not taste inspired. The service is good because they don't bother you but... a few times we were there, they ran out of cups (????).  So strange. Anyways, they do care that you're satisfied though. One time, we had a cucumber garlic dish that did not at all taste fresh, and they gave us a new one right away.Hope this downhill trend reverses soon!!! Also, a tip for those who are coming here for the first time, you have to go to the hostess to get a ticket/number! Otherwise, you'll get skipped by all the regulars.
So I've been to this place a couple of times & last night I went dinner with my brother & co yelper Kathy & Sierra after the yelp event. When we got there we got seated fast. Me & Sierra got the crab meat soup dumplings & I got the siomai. Kathy got the beef pancake scallions. As always its delicious!!! You enjoyed every bite & its cheap. For drinks I got the cold soy milk & its refreshing! Service is fast. I paid around $13 for my food with tips on it already. I love this place!
There was a wait, but good things come to those that wait in this case.Got the crab and pork xiao long bao, pork xiao long bao, pan fried udon, crispy dough and hot sweet soy milk. Everything came out at once and little talking ensued.The crab bao was not as salty as the pork, would have gotten another tray if we weren't so full. Highly recommended.
XLB for the win!! Omg. These were the best pork soup dumplings I've ever had. Yes, better than din tai fung, better than joe's shanghai. I was completely and utterly in love after my first bite into that succulent, juicy, extremely flavorful dumpling.The SO and I came later in the afternoon so we didn't have much of a wait. In addition to the dumplings we also ordered the scallion beef pancake ( a bit too oily for me. Very crunchy), the garlic cold cucumbers ( super refreshing), the braised beef noodles ( so tender and amazing broth) and two orders of soy milk. The entire meal came out to be approx 30 and we were stuffed.  Service was in point too! I would just say try to avoid the busy hours and go with cash. Definitely try out the soy milk and the cold appetizers.
Love the soup dumplings. Try the fried ones too
Yesterday I ate something with my family in this restaurant. It tasted really good. My family also liked it very much. Thank you, we will come again next time, highly recommended! !
Great dim sum at the best prices! I love the spicy peanut dumpling and of course the soup buns. Service is courteous to friendly depending on who helps you, but never bad. We're regulars here! Definitely no frills but one can understand the Michelin star- it's all incredibly fresh and leaves you satisfied and not weighed down with potential additives. Highly recommend!
Food- Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes were perfect.Ambiance- super casualService- sucks but fastDrinks- had basic hot tea
I think it's really a 3.5 stars kind of place. Food is decent for the most part, but didn't really blow me away with anything. I ordered salty soy milk, beef pancake, red bean puff, turnip buff, fried dough, and of course steam dumplings. Out of everything the red bean puff was my favorite, flaky pastry with the right amount of bean paste. Steam dumplings were okay, not the best I've had. The dumpling skin is a little bit thick in my opinion, but flavor was alright. I didn't want to order the beef pancake initially. But then saw almost everyone there ordered it and there are so many pics on yelp on this dish, so I tried it. It was a bit greasy. But the pancake was crispy. I think this is a well received dish among more Americanized pallet. I still prefer mine the old fashion style, with just scallion! :POverall not a bad spot for some Shanghainese style dim sum. But I would not wait on line for a spot and definitely not a must-try kind of spot in my book.
Reliable and delicious and cheap. I hadn't been here in ages, so when a friend visiting from China for an extended period told me she was craving Chinese food, I took her here. We ordered the crab roe soup dumplings, spicy beef noodles, beef & tripe appetizer (my personal fave and a must-order whenever I eat Chinese/Sichuan), cold tofu slice appetizer, and a beef pancake thing. If this sounds like a ton of food for two people, well, it was, but in our defense a few of the foods were just appetizers :) Every dish was excellent - the beef & tripe was my favorite but it might just be because I love the dish. Soup dumplings were spot-on, although ours didn't come with the lettuce underneath so we had a few casualties (i.e. leaked soup). The beef pancake thing was recommended by the waitress and was basically a beef sandwich inside a scallion pancake - so good. Go here. And order everything.
great place and delicious food, will be back next time I am hungry in this area, the service is great and friendly
Came here again on June 2017.  Same experience as before. Food was incredible and cheap. But service was horrible, as waiters only cared that you vacate your table as quickly as possible, and they are not very attentive of what you want. You have to keep on reminding them of your order or your water or tea.
Dropped by late night on Valentine's Day. We were seated quickly and given our tea. The table has the ginger and vinegar for the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) by default, so it seems to be assumed that you'll be ordering them. I did order them. Very good soup dumplings. They were very hot, the soup within was flavorful, and the skins did not break when lifting them. Also picked up the scallion pancakes, fried pork buns, and a bowl of braised beef noodle soup. Scallion pancakes were especially crispy, and the fried pork buns were cooked perfectly. The braised beef noodle soup had good beef, but was mediocre at best. At a place with Dumpling House in it's name, make sure to stick to their dumplings/buns.
Easily packed and for good reason, the food is relatively cheap for what it is. It's authentic as can be and reminds me of simpler times, so i'm slightly biased here. It's walkable from the 7 train and you'll even see a lot of foodies venturing out to try this place.
I went with a couple of fellow yelpers after a yelp elite event. In the event, they only feed us some yummy dessert, so we all were in a mood for dumplings. There was not wait in the restaurant with is great always. We all share some orders; Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and some jelly fish.Scallion Pancake: the scallion pancake was very crispy and was  wrapped around the sliced beef and that delicious sauce, a good option while is warm(don't taste if is cold), I will say that the taste was perfect. Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns: this is not my first time having this plate, I remember that the first time I burn my tongue eating this, so this time I was prepared to eat it. It had a good amount of meat inside, a flavorful broth, and a tasty dumpling wrapper that held up to the transfer from the steamer to my spoon, I just add a little touch of sauce to give it an extra taste. Pan Fried Pork Dumplings: the dumpling was very juicy on the inside and crispy seared outside! great taste. I also try the Rice Cake, I wish to order this plate; the Rice Cakes were very addictive. The server was good and the food was excellent.
We had xiao long bao, Shanghai noodle, jellyfish, seaweed and a few other cold dishes, very authentic and reasonable price!
The xlb here are really solid. The skin is pretty thin and the soup inside is flavorful, plus you can actually taste the crab which is kind of a rarity. Unfortunately things go downhill from the XLB. The beef scallion pancake roll is just ok. The pancake is a bit too greasy and would be better if it was thinner and there was more beef. The shui jian bao are pretty mediocre with a bad meat to bun ratio (too much bun).But on the plus side, you only really have to get XLB anyways so just get like 1-2 orders per person and you'll have a great time.
For two people who were rather hungry, it was a half hour wait after a 20 minute estimated seating time. Fortunately, the weather made it comfortable to wait outside.We ordered (after quite a wait for a server to take our order) two orders of steamed pork buns, the scallion pancake and the crispy noodles with beef. We ended up full and satisfied with our choices from their surprisingly limited menu. We actually could've done one less item and still been full. Each of the dishes was good, none amazing.  I prefer soup dumplings elsewhere and the lack of options elsewhere on the menu caused us to double up on the dumplings.The service was very slow to bring the check and change, but surprisingly efficient with refilling water and tea.  Glad I checked it out, but probably not returning.
Good selection. Great tasty food. Youtiao was a little tough and oily. Shalongbao was soupy n moist, skin was medium. Overall good
While the scallion pancakes, garlic cucumbers, and noodles are excellent, the service was sub par - waitresses never came back, difficult to get a glass of water or a new utensil - and the other dishes we had were mediocre to less like the scallion pancake with beef (the reason I went I the first place) and mustard green rice cake.
Love both kinds of their Xiao long bao! They are the juiciest Xiao long bao I've ever had. Nice job. The drunken chicken is not that good. The shumai was ok but very authentic.
Cash only. We ordered 4 dishes totaling to $27 (Before tip), they serve you free tea which is great for this NYC weather. There was not many people when we ate, so service was attentive, and fast. We really enjoyed their food.
The wait around 2pm was only like a minute, since they have ample seating in the adjacent room. However, you can tell they really try to utilize their space so you may end up with a very small table with cramped seating. Beef Scallion Pancake & Scallion Pancake were both super crispy and delicious, however I liked the regular pancake over the beef pancake because of the sweet brown sauce they put in the beef one. I'm more of a savory food person rather than a sweet food person, and the sauce was a little too sweet for me personally. I also tried the Shanghai Udon Noodles, which were pretty good, but its a little too oily for my liking. The pork soup dumplings had a really taste and hot soup broth, however, I didn't leave thinking the dumplings were amazing. To me, it was just average, but not super good.For the prices, this place is cheap, but service is ehh- I had to wait a while for cold water and the check.
Food was superb! There's so many places to choose from in the area but glad we went here. There is a reason why it's 4 plus stars. Can't wait to go back.
One of the best place to get your carb fix in. Everything from their Shanghai Soup Dumplings to Beef Roll to Pancakes to Soup Noodles to rice cakes to the cold dishes to the regular dumplings are so good. I came here for breakfast and lunch before and it never disappoints. This place has expanded a few years ago after their neighbor restaurant closed down so now they have more tables and the wait is not as crazy long. During prime hour, expect a wait.I usually order the Shanghai soup dumplings, an order of their pan fried dumpling, beef roll, rice cake and a few cold dishes. Yes, full of carbs! They are all freshly made and is meant to eat right away. Meaning if you let it sit at your table, it won't be as good!Don't expect great service, but this restaurant is priced reasonably and has a great selection of Shanghai and Taiwanese cuisine. They serve free tea as well.
Small store front with plentiful seating. Came on a weekday morning, so line at all haha.Best Xiao Long Bao place I've been to by far. Lots of soup with lots of love inside. They are freshly made so you may have to wait. We started out with the garlic cucumber. Sweet, crunchy, super refreshing 10/10 would recommend.You can't expect stellar customer service from a restaurant from Chinatown. This is your classic Chinese brunch place. They do the job and done. There's a language barrier so read the reviews on here instead of asking them for recommendations!!!I don't really have to mention parking since this is New York!!
Came here several times to see what the hype was really about. The food was only okay. The soup dumplings that they are famous for are just mediocre. I've definitely had better soup dumplings else where in flushing. The service was lacking all the times that I went. The servers were rushing and not attentive. I guess its suppose to be a sit, eat, and out place. There are better places for soup dumplings in flushing, will not be coming back!
They have all the reviews and customer they need service is poorFood is ok Price is a bit much for flushing
Something different, good reviews on the soup dumplings so gave it a try but they only have pork soup dumpling, wish they had other option. But overall the experience was good
Ok so the service here sucks! They just left us hanging for quite a bit, even people around us were also complaining. I know it probably gets hectic and crazy but the waitresses/waiters should really pay attention to the customers. Anyways, I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup, my boyfriend ordered the seafood crispy noodles, we then ordered the crab meat and pork soup dumplings or steamed whichever you prefer to call it. Neither of us liked our noodles we ordered because there was no flavor whatsoever but we did enjoy the soup dumplings. The only reason why I'm giving this place 3 stars. I'm from Philadelphia and I'm so use to having my soup dumplings with hot oil also, so I was bummed out that they didn't have it. Still good alone with vinegar, I like to drown mine.Overall, soup dumplings are awesome but the service isn't
Always great food, my fav comfort food place. My only issue is the long wait. Soup dumpling with crab is my favorite. Shanghai noodle is great too!
I like the food. Just like in China my mom make some tst. I will come back again, service was good too
Came here with the bf on a Monday night and surprisingly the place still got packed by 9pm anyway lol. We went ahead and ordered the crab&pork soup dumplings as well as the pork soup dumplings since we saw that this place was popular for it and boy we're the right! Loooved them! Had the perfect amount of savory flavor and they all held a lot of soup. Me and my boyfriend are big on the hot oil and chili so it was even better adding it to the soup dumplings, highly recommend it. We also got beef noodle soup & pan fried pork dumplings which were just as good! I'm definitely coming back here, just the location wasn't too great since it's in such a crowded area, it took us almost an hour to find good parking.
So i came here one night with a couple friends to see what this is about.  I think the reason why this place is getting such good rating because it's CHEAP!!!! When i saw the bill i was like "omg"! The food was really not that great - too oily.  The soup dumplings were really good! Come here for that! We ordered scallion pancake, pork and veg rice cake, and other stuff (forgot) and they were SUPER oily and the cashier was yelling at some staffs which i didn't like.  I really hate it when i see the staff are not treating other staff with respect - such a turn off.
Went there around 6pm and the wait was about 15 mins for two. Which isn't bad considering that the juicy buns there are amazing! They're made fresh and you can definitely taste it. Best juicy buns in flushing.! If you want juicy buns this is the place to go! Just make sure you bring cash. Cards are not accepted.
4.5 stars rounded down.It's a bit of a trek, but this authentic little gem was worth the hour subway ride. Their menu is pretty small and from the pictures on yelp, the same 4-5 dishes are ordered repeatedly: crab soup dumpling, pork soup dumpling, shanghai shumai, shanghai noodles, and beef rolls in green onion pancake. In my opinion, only the soup dumplings and the shumai are the only dishes that makes this place special. I recommend getting a couple orders of each and then eat to your heart's content. The cheap priced doesn't hurt either. I usually expect subpar service at any really authentic Chinese restaurant, they're usually borderline rude and only have one facial expression. However, believe it or not, the service here was surprisingly pleasant. It could have been a one time thing, but either way it won't stop new yorkers  or helpers from coming.
Delicious cheap eats in Flushing (CASH ONLY)! You can spot this place from afar from the long lines. So it is highly recommended to go a little before "peak hours".  I actually don't come here for the soup dumplings however they are quite good here.. much better than Joe Shanghai for sure!  If you are a first timer to this establishment then yes GET the soup dumplings. Don't expect much regarding decor.. It's flushing its very bare minimal.What I come here for and recommend; - Rice cakes with shredded pork and mustard plant (So good!) - Scallion Pancake with sliced beef- Beef and chilli pepper noodle soup - Beef noodle soup
I used to like this place a lot because of their side dishes. Very tasty and fresh. Today I decided to go for breakfast since I haven't been there for a long time. How disappointed!!! First my side dish (cucumber) wasn't fresh at all! Tasted like it was made from the day before. And the most disappointing thing was from where I was sitting... I saw waiters putting foods into the microwave to heat them up. Dish after dish of food was being heat up before serving. We ordered a salted bean curd鹹豆花, it was also being heated up in the microwave.
Having a bit of time before a Yelp Elite Event (Snowdays a few doors down - highly recommend for dessert after) I decide to finally try this place on my own to see what all the hype is about. I enter the cash-only establishment early on a Monday (5pm) to find many tables open and surprised at how large the space is - three attached rooms of tables. The hostess asks how many I say just myself she directs me to the room next door. I am given tea and a menu which has two sides - pictures of items on one side are very helpful.The service is very friendly and I go with the ever popular pork and crab soup dumplings. Shortly thereafter another server brings a small dish of julienned ginger and tells me that black vinegar is on the table. I didn't realize at the time that most people make a dipping sauce of ginger and the vinegar to compliment the flavor of the dumplings. Silly me, I ate pieces of ginger like a palette cleanser - haha, my bad! I must say this was some strong, flavorful ginger pieces - I liked that. I did try the vinegar by drizzling a bit on the dumplings so I got the affect after all.Another popular dish is the scallion pancake with beef so after I finish my dumplings I get an order of this. I liked them very much - quite flavorful with hoisin sauce added to the beef to add some sweetness to the dish. Great flavor, but I could only finish one of the three pieces.Nan Xiang is a great choice and is open pretty late on weekends (1am) so it is good to go with a group to order a few different items and share. The decor is very basic so it is all very casual. I can see the appeal of why so many love the top notch food in the low key surroundings. My kind of place!
The cashier is ugly.  The waiter is lazy as hell!Food is not that great. Too oily.  I don't they deserve 4 stars reviews. So I have them 2.
Authentic shanghainese food! The portion of the cold dish were little too large, good for sharing. Love the soybean milk
I was really disappointed with this place when I first came here a few years ago. My friend insisted on having lunch here so I thought I should give them another chance. I was once disappointed again, even more than the first time. Just as a two star rating would say, "Meh. I've experienced better." Exactly how i felt. I'm sorry for not understanding the wow factor of this place but the quality of the food had disappointed me more than once. I live 1.5 hours away from here. I will not travel all the way here again, just to be disappointed. The scallion pancake with beef was not flakey and crisp enough. The beef was too lean and not tender at all. The beef pancake was cut in three pieces, only the middle piece had a decent amount of beef. DId someone eat the beef from my scallion pancakes? Because I couldn't find them in there. I tried both soup dumplings. The pork ones were not juicy enough and the skin was way too thick. It's hard to explain in details, but I just did not like how they make their dumplings here. The crab soup dumplings did not have enough crab flavor. The ground meat in both dumplings were too lean and the stock was not rich enough. And I always prefer lettuce over paper. I was excited for the Spicy Beef & Tripe "husband and wife slices", it was decent but I can't seem to really enjoy it after having bad soup dumplings. There were too many beef shank slices in mine and I'd prefer more tripe or at least an equal amount. I paired the spicy beef tripe with a sweet soy milk and garlic cucumber. This was my only part of the meal that I enjoyed. I do not recommend the crispy noodles, the noodles itself was alright but the sauce on top was too salty, in a weird way. I usually love salty food so if someone that likes salty finds it salty, that's really something. It was very unappetizing to me. I was craving for the wine chicken. They didn't offer the wine chicken during lunch hours but they would have it on their menu, okay. The service was not consistent, had to ask them to refill my tea while they just stood there on their cellphones. The place was NOT crowded at all. It was either that, or they just stood there watching us eat, making us feel uncomfortable. I went to the food court to get more food afterwards because the meal wasn't satisfying.
New York's Chinatowns are changing right before your eyes, but thankfully Cantonese home cooking still exists in Flushing!!The fried pork dumplings are perfection; the pork chop noodle soup is heartwarming comfort food. The scallion pancakes and assorted bao are delicious. Everything is prepared from scratch, in-house; no surprises - just great food for a great price. I love this place!
I've seen this restaurant on Yelp really often when I was searching for places to eat in flushing but I never tried it out. One day my boyfriend and I finally decide to try it. When we walked in, the hostess asked us how many people right away. We got seated rather quickly. However since there was a lot of people and we were just two people we got stuck at a tiny table squished between some other people. We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, 2 orders of soup dumplings and the Shanghai udon noodles. I really enjoyed all of the food and so did my boyfriend. The beef scallion pancakes were cooked perfectly, it was soft on the inside but had that flaky crunch I like about scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings were great as well and I loved the sauce they cooked the Shanghai noodles with. It was a simple but savory dish. Overall, the food was amazing and the price was low. Although it was crowded and loud, it's a given since they have such good food at a low price. I will definitely be coming back and recommend this to anyone that was authentic Chinese food!
Lives in nearby hotel and came here to try the food after reading the good reviews. Food: soy milk was rich and warm reminding me the childhood memories. 油条very disappointing because it did not taste like fresh made and seemed a day old which is surprising since I went in at 0800 am. Soup dumplings were really good. Will be back to try other things,
Came here today (Saturday) with two friends around lunch time and this place was PACKED!  They have a regulated queue system though so everything went smoothly.  We waited about 20 minutes only and got seated.  We ordered the Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Steamed Pork Bun, Soy Milk, Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don and Pork Wontons in Spicy Peanut Sauce.  Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns - my favorite dish!  The crab meat was super tasty and the soup base was bomb!Steamed Pork Bun - love this regular favorite as well. Soy Milk - I love how they give this to you in a to go cup!  The soy milk was so sweet and authentic.  One of the best I've ever had!Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don - this was delicious!  It didn't feel heavy at all.. Although I wished they gave more veggies!Pork Wontons in Spicy Peanut Sauce - did not like this dish!  It was super bland and I did not feel the heat at all. This place is fairly inexpensive.  Our meal came out to be less than $32.00.  Their service was prompt although the soup dumplings took really long to come out but that's because they steam them fresh!  I will definitely come back if I'm around Flushing!
Food: 4.0/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 2.5/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Nan Xiang probably has the best soup dumplings in the city.  Unfortunately, the service is fairly terrible, and the cost of tasty XLB is a long wait (think up to 30 minutes on a weekend mid-afternoon for a restaurant in Flushing).  The rest of the menu is fairly basic.  I would recommend ordering a few apps just to pass the time because they do get backed up on the XLBs which may end up taking 20-30 minutes to come out.
AMBIANCE: bright, open, somewhat clean. It definitely has its authentic asian touches. LOCATION: This is located in the heart of Chinatown, so you know its authentic. Easy to find. Street parking.SERVICE: Quick service, not the friendliest bunch, but that is expected, especially when everyone else is speaking their native tongue and you don't.FOOD: All dumplings were delicious. I tried fried, steamed, with all different proteins in the middle. There is definitely a perfect little dumpling here for each and every person. I tried beef, pork, chicken. All were delicious. I also tried their scallion pancake and was mildly impressed. It was very oily, I understand it is fried, but most places will try to soak the oil out before bringing it out. Also, it was not nearly as crispy enough and slightly too thick. Stick with the dumplings when you get here. I also saw other customers slopping down soup, looked good. I will try it the next time I come back.PRICING: Reasonable prices for dumplings. $5-7/dish with 5-8 dumplings each.
This place is over rated by the people. The food was okay. The crab meat dumpling is good and juicy. But the service is very bad and the waiter is rude and doesn't care about you since they are busy for their business and totally ignore your request, even refill a glass of water or ask for a spoon. Dine in on a Saturday night and left very angry.
Been here a couple of times and it hasn't disappointed me yet. Cash only place but that's fine! Definitely an affordable place to eat at if you don't want to spend too much for a brunch with a friend. Came here on a sunday afternoon and had to wait roughly 15 minutes for a seat, no big deal. Had the soup dumplings that everyone was raving about but honestly wasn't my favorite. Felt like they just heated it up and served it barely warm. Other than that, the stir fried udon with beef dish was pretty good.
Came here for the soup dumplings! Ordered both the the crab and pork. Pork was much more flavorful than the crab but both pretty good. The dim sum here is limited. In addition to soup dumplings, we ordered the pan fried noodles, wontons in spicy peanut sauce, scallion pancake w/beef, rice cakes w/pork, and fried dumplings. Everything tasted soo good. My favorite being the scallion pancakes. I'd come back just for that! Over all food and service were excellent. Wait time was bearable. Just FYI there's no sign in English so just look for a crowd of ppl waiting outside.
Grew up eating Xiao Long Bao at Joe's Shanghai...but I knew I needed to eventually venture over here to try theirs so I did! This place is more casual and is definitely more Westerner friendly than some other restaurants in Flushing. The best selling items have photos on one side of the menu, with the other side of the menu listing every item by genre.Tried the pork & crab XLB, seafood crispy noodles, stir fry udon noodles and scallion pancake. The scallion pancake was really good, flaky and crispy fresh all at the same time. The XLB was juicy but some of the skin stuck to the cabbage (guess I gotta be extra careful next time). It tasted really good like aligned with din tai fung...but I still have to stay loyal to my OG XLB experience at Joe's! I preferred the seafood crispy noodles, they came with a whitefish and shrimp which surprised me because I'm used to seeing some squid or shellfish in my crispy noodles at other places. Overall tasty and enjoyable but I did feel very thirsty for the rest of the night.Prices are cheap and food is great to share with friends or family. Not sure I would come back since there's a lot of other places I love in Flushing but the XLB are pretty good and it's a quick casual spot to grab a meal!
The quality of the food here has definitely gone down throughout the years. Now that so many other xlb places have work opened up, there's no need to come here if I'm craving for xlb.If you're coming here for dinner, especially on a weekend, you'll have to wait for a while because its popular restaurant.The food has gotten really REALLY oily (like the rice cakes or the noodles). I feel like every time I leave the restaurant, my stomach hurts a bit because of all the oil. The scallion pancakes are still really delicious and crunchy so I definitely recommend getting that.
Don't know how I forgot to review this place... So to get this out of the way, service here is bad, maybe even worse than the average Chinatown restaurant. Ditto with cleanliness... I mean if the health department cared they could probably shut this place down anytime they felt like it. OK so maybe I exaggerate a bit, but you've been warned none the less.But the xiao long bao here are arguably the best we've had (and we've had a lot). They are consistently well made and juicy and wonderful and everything you want in a soup dumpling. This place hits the spot 9 times out of 10 which ain't bad for Chinatown.Many of there other dishes are also good, but you go for the xiao long bao and you'll be happy.
Cash only. Me and my friend were waiting outside like 25 mins. Finally we got seat.  We order 2 nan Xiang xiao long bao, but only comes one. We ask one of waitress and she said we have to wait other 15mins because they forget order. Everything tasted good over there. The service was not very good.
One of the better places to get soup dumplings.I've eaten here for both takeout and dine in. Both times, I think I came during off hours, because there wasn't really much of a wait for a table or takeout.I definately think that dining in is better, mostly because the sauces for the dumplings are readily available on the table. It was a bit of a pain to season the dumplings in my takeout container.I've tried quite a few dishes here. The pork soup dumplings are where its at. Seems like that's their specialty and that's what they're known for. The soup from the dumplings is (temperature) hot, so you have to let it cool down a bit, before you inhale it. You get six of them. The skin is nice and soft and is very tasty. The soup is very tasty as well. I can definately see why this place gets so many good reviews. Only knock on this place, are that the soup dumplings are a bit expensive at around $6.If your in flushing and you're a soup dumpling fan, definately give this place a try.
The food is nothing spectacular but it it is good and you'll enjoy yourself for sure. The food is good despite the simple house-style way it is presented. The service isn't the best. However, this is a go-to place whenever my friends and I need a place to eat or settle down on. Always go for the soup dumplings regardless of what else you order.
Great pricing. Beautiful soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and other Shanghainese cuisine. Seating is a bit limited but you can get a table pretty fast.
I love this place. Their dumplings are incredible. Please eat their dumplings. They will bring you much pleasure and mirth.
Really delicious food with a surprising array of vegetarian options (but you have to ask for them). I loved the cold bean curd dish. The rice cake dish was also amazing. I'd seriously consider making a trip out here just for this food. The atmosphere felt a bit like a food court and the wait staff was hard to flag down, but the food made it all worth while.
Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are one of the best in NYC but to be honest, sometimes just isn't enough to make up for some of its weaknesses.Both the crab/pork and the pork soup dumplings are delicious but a bit pricier than most places in flushing at 6.75 and 5.75 respectively. If you like soup dumplings but want a little more crunch, it's also worth trying the pan fried pork dumplings that are basically a xiao long bao with a thicker, firmer pan fried skin but similar soupy filling. My old favorite was the hand made steamed dumplings but every time I've gone, "the chef isn't here". The other dishes on the menu, like soy milk and noodles, do not particularly stand out and are sometimes disappointing.Since Nan Xiang has gotten more recognition, it's been much more user friendly to non-Chinese customers with things like an English and pictorial menu to help with ordering and more English speaking staff. However, service and ambiance is still very utilitarian as expected in some old-school establishments in Flushing and new crowds of tourists take a bit away from the experience.All in all, I would still come to Nan Xiang for a quick dumpling fix by myself or with a few friends, but definitely would not expect this to be a place to really hunker down and catch up or to impress parents from out of town.
Bad customer service.  I called the restaurant and placed my order at 9am and I got to restaurant to pick up food at 9:10am and they apparently messed up my order with a different noodle.  They could have told me they made my order already but it's a different type of noodle and it works fine with me too.  But they didn't and redo my dish so I waited 20 more minutes for my order.  No apology from the lady who messed up my order.
This is probably one of my favorite and most recommended restaurants to go to! If you're looking for one of the best/if not the best soup dumplings in NYC, this is it!1) The food is consistently delicious. Soup dumplings are incredible. I loved their turnip puffs and the scallion pancakes aren't nearly as oily as most Chinese restaurants while maintaining great flavor.2) The service here is great! I didn't have to wait very long to put in my order and have it served onto the table. Personally, I hate it when a waiter/waitress constantly hovers over customers to check in on their needs. This place has it just right. 3) The price point is as best as it gets! I've ordered Shanghai Udon, two orders of soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, turnip puffs, scallion pancakes and a chicken soup.  For what you're getting, quality dishes for under $30 is astounding!The only partial con I would consider is the wait time to get seated in during lunch/dinner hours. It will take a while, but IMHO, it is absolutely worth it!
I still like the soup dumplings and although the place has expanded, there is a wait, albeit 15 minutes on a Friday night.  There were several large parties before us which probably precluded us from being seated immediately.  I guess that's a good thing.   In the old days, we would have waited much longer.  When I went up to the "hostess" to get a number and asked how long the wait would be, she said 10 minutes and in a slightly brusque manner, retorted, "You want to wait?" and threw me the number when I said yes.  Nan Xiang is still popular and the food is good.  We ordered just 3 dishes for the 2 of us: beef noodles, seafood with crispy noodles and the obligatory pork and and crab soup dumplings. All were tasty, prices low but my bf and I both noticed some MSG reaction after eating.  Nothing serious but he had a little headache and numbness on his tongue.  I had some sudden body fatigue.  We are not certain that our symptoms can be attributed to what we ate and the feelings went away but it was interesting we both had slight reactions.  Note, also the place does not take credit cards but generally that shouldn't be a problem because you can get away with less than $35 for 3 dishes, tip included.  Rumors have it or perhaps I read it in a New York Times article a while back  that only women make the soup dumplings because they can roll and crimp the dough thinner than men.  The men are allocated the kitchen work, stir frying in particular, because they have the upper body strength to lift the heavy woks.  True or not, we observed 4 women efficiently hovering over a mass of ground meat, two rolling out the dough and two filling and crimping the dumplings in a tight workspace behind the cashier/receptionist.  As far as food is concerned, the dumplings are decent and the other Shanghainese dishes are okay.  Don't come for ambiance because there isn't any.  It is a typical Chinese dumpling and noodle joint, small tables closely placed next to each other so you're listening to your neighbors' conversations and borrowing each others' condiments.  Knowing Chinese helps but is not required. The menu is not extensive and you pretty much build your meal around the dumplings.  The convenience of a municipal parking lot across the street is the another reason I will probably come back if I am in the mood for dumplings and in Queens.
LITERALLY MY FAVOURITE BREAKFAST PLACE AT THE MOMENT. I crave eating here at almost any time of the day! A very straight forward menu and their food is freshly steamed to order. Their Xiao Long Bao is the best one I've had so far outside of China, the skin is perfectly steamed and chewy with the inside still remaining full of soup and bits of meat. It's also piping hot which I love!!! They also use actual crab in their crab XLB, because I found a piece of the cartilage in one of my dumplings, LOL. The ginger vinegar that comes with the XLB is sOOooo heavenly when combined. Literal explosion of flavour in your mouth. Cold soymilk is super good and especially good with breakfast!!! Soymilk seriously completed the whole meal, it goes so well with everything and just made everything extra enjoyable. Shanghai Shao Mai was also pretty good, can't really go wrong with steamed sticky rice in a chewy dough wrap. Prices are really cheap and food is authentic and super yummy! This place is a must visit if you're ever in the area! Breakfast here is such a dream. I can't wait to visit here again!!!
Their dumplings are so good, but service is terrible. The pork buns (soup dumplings) taste exactly how they are supposed to taste--Extremely flavorful and juicy. They taste so good when eat fresh. Service is horrible here. Their waiters are not attentive. They simply don't have a solid serving system. Nobody knows what's going on when it is busy. One would think these types of businesses know what they are doing and are equipped to respond to busy days. No!!! They are horrible. Their isn't a designated server for each section. No one is responsible for anything, so no one ends up doing anything. The cashier (I believe the owner) was on her cell phone talking for a good 20 minutes while taking to-go order and bringing customer's up. Terrible service.
Cash only! Ordered their soup dumplings, beef pancakes, and savory sticky rice roll. The service was quick, atmosphere was clean and quiet on a Thursday morning, and the food was super on point!
Came on a Saturday night around 6pm, about 20 minute wait for 3 people.This is for just the soup dumplings- they were the BEST I've ever had. Not much more to say... we didn't really explore the rest of the menu and from what I've heard its pretty mediocre-bad lol. But the dumplings, wow.
Met all posted expectations.Food was excellent. From Calif. Used YELP the local foodies did not steer us wrong!!
I ate in here once and gotten takeout about 4-5 times in the morning. I do like the fact that they open at 8 am. I've tried their crabmeat soup dumplings, pork soup dumpings, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pan-fried pork buns, and their rice cake w/shredded pork. My son loves their pork soup dumplings and eats two orders by himself in one sitting. I, on the other hand, isn't a big fan of their soup dumplings but I do think the pork one tastes better than the crabmeat. In terms of flavor and the thinness of the skin, I still think Kung Fu xlb is slightly better. Their food aren't always consistent. I ordered the scallion pancake with sliced beef twice for takeout; the first time it had 4 pieces and tasted pretty good and the second time, it had 3 pieces-the beef was hard and chewy w/no taste. Same with the rice cake-it's good the first time but not the second. I didn't like their pan-fried pork buns; it was way too doughy and didn't have enough filling. I asked them to pan-fry the buns for longer bc I wanted them crunchier and of course, they didn't fulfill my request. Don't expect excellent service from here, they don't care...
We ended up here for my birthday last night because Joe Shanghai was closed and I had to have my pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup and dumplings. This place showed up on Yelp so we decided to walk a few blocks and try it out. There were 4 of us and we all agree that this place has taken over as our new go-to spot! First off, they are open late which is a huge plus. We were promptly seated and given menus and tea. We ordered the Shanghai Pan Noodles, Pork and Pickled Cabbage Noodle Soup, Pork Soup Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Scallion Pancakes with Beef and the fried pork dumplings. The ONLY thing I wasn't too crazy about was the scallion pancake with beef, otherwise everyone else enjoyed them and I thought the regular scallion pancake was so yummy. The soup was very tasty and better than the same one I get at Joe's. Everyone thought it was really good. The Shanghai noodles were gone in less than 5 minutes (and we ordered 2). The dumplings were a hit. Not too heavy and very flavorful. We all pretty much thought this place was outstanding, very clean, nice staff, fast service, great food and prices! We will be making this our new spot!
I'd give it 3.5 stars for solid but not perfect XLB and Chinese chive pockets. My goodness, those Chinese chives were so fresh and green and plentiful. I regret not taking a bag of them to go. The XLB...fantastic but they lost the edge since the last time I was here. I've been here once a year for a few years now, and this time I enjoyed them a bit less than last year. Watch out Nan Xiang, please keep the quality ultra-high like before!The place has a very local feel to it, comfy-but-not-fancy, and arriving right when they opened is good: we got a table immediately but the sit-down and the take-out lines filled up before we left. Food came quickly and hot!
I usually go to this place for the soup dumplings but the last two times our service has been so bad. I went there last night with a few friends and the workers were just horrible. Our waitress didn't write our order down and just grunted and left so we were wondering if our order was going to be placed correctly or not. Since the soup dumplings take while to make, shouldn't you confirm if the order is correct? We ordered a noodle dish, 1 pork and 1 crab basket of soupdumpling for 3 people. Our noodles came out first as expected but we sat there and waited so long for our dumplings and noticed everyone around us who placed their orders after us got theirs first. We didn't complain and when ours finally came she only gave us one basket and we asked if our second one was gonna come later or not? I spoke to her very politely in Chinese and she decided to yell "one! One! One!" over and over at us in English as I was trying to ask her a simple question to her in Mandarin. She could have calmly explained the situation of if it's going to come later or not or just not come at all. She made a huge scene and the whole restaraunt was looking at us wondering what the heck was going on! She just kept yelling one at us untill she finally rolled her eyes and sighed. She didn't apologise and said we have to wait another 20 minutes so we told her we didn't want it anymore which made her even more angry. We didn't want to pick a fight so we let it slide and wanted to get it as fast as possible. Our bill was only about 20 bucks and tip would have been $4 but since our service was so horrible, we didnt get what we ordered, we were humiliated , after we were yelled at nobody came to ask us if we needed anything and nobody came to refill our water or tea... everyone was just avoiding us as if we did something wrong even tho we never raised our voices and we didnt complain. So we left and a male waiter that didn't serve us and we didn't even notice comes running out after us. He had the audacity to ask us for more tip! So I calmy explained to him how rude the waitress was and what horrible service we got and explained why we gave that tip. He was nice and apologied and so we brushed it off and said it's fine. It's okay. Hope next time things are better. When we were turning to leave he grabbed my arm and asked for more tip..... I was so startled but calmly told him I wasn't going to do that because of the bad service and he said " but I said sorry, isn't that good enough? You have to give more tip" we were so shocked at his ignorance and how low he would stoop for another dollar! He wouldn't let us leave! He kept grabbing me while I was trying to turn away and then HE GOT ANGRY AT US! He said that tips were his pay and he needed money...... well if that was the case shouldn't they be nicer to the customers? So then he got even more mad and started to yell as us and every time I turned to walk away he kept grabbing my arm. He stood there yelling at us untill another waiter came out to ask what was going on and he began to  tattle on us like a child!  We were so baffled at the workers here we didn't want to explain ourselves again or get yelled at by a third worker that we turned and walked away before the guy could grab me again. I've been coming here since I was a child with my family but after this experience I never want to set food in that place ever again. They were so friendly when I was young but as time when on their attitude and service has gotten so bad. Even picking up a takeout order is horrible. The large lady sitting at the cash register gives you an attitude when you pick up your take out orders because  interup her afternoon drama shows on her phone.   Sadly I have to give it 1 star when I should be giving it no stars. I've never been more humiliated in my life.
Have been wanting to try out this place since forever and who better to come here with than my bro! We got here at 12 for lunch and were able to snag seats right away. It's a really popular restaurant and there are a lot of diners but it isn't too bad for a weekday lunch. The decor is pretty much your typical Flushing fare but it wasn't dirty, which is a plus. Service was not bad either. We got: Beef scallion pancakes- One of the most highly raved appetizers and I did think it was pretty good. I like how the pancake was very flaky but I would've liked it to be a little bit crispier since it was a little on the greasy side. The beef was very tasty though and the hoisin sauce complimented the beef slice and the pancake very well.Pork soup dumplings- These are definitely high quality soup dumplings and you can tell because the skin is not too thick. Be careful when biting a hole on top to pour the vinegar in because they are freshly made and the soup inside is very hot!Pork with crab meat soup dumplings- Honestly, I did not taste the difference between these and the regular pork soup dumplings so I would suggest just getting the regular ones and saving yourself a dollar.This is the most reviewed restaurant in Flushing and it understandably deserves this title. The place is clean, the service is pretty good, and the food is great. Definitely give this place a try!
One of the better Chinese restaurants around the Flushing area! We wanted to try another restaurant. We found this one. And what a wonderful discovery it turned out to be! When we first arrived at Nan Xiang, we waited about 10 minutes. The wait staff quickly prepared the tables and sat us quickly. We ordered the scallion pancakes. They tasted perfect - like the way they ought to be. We put some spicy condiments on them. It made the pancakes taste even better. For the entree, I ordered the seafood crispy noodle. Since I grew up eating this in Chinatown, I had high expectations. Once I tasted this dish I loved it! We did not need to wait long for our orders. We got refills for our teas. They gave us ginger to put in our teas. When around Flushing, stop over this place. Convenient to the Skyview Mall, you can go shopping after you eat at this place. You will not be disappointed.
This is a soup dumplings go-to place in Flushing area. Their pork or crab/pork xiao long bao has this authentic taste that can stay in your mouth for a few hours. Please have it with vinegar ginger sauce. The skin is thin but strong enough to hold the pork and juice inside. The way you eat it is to bite a small hole on the side of the soup dumplings, pour a tea spoon of vinegar inside, wait for a few seconds to let the heat come out, suck the juice out of it first, and then enjoy the rest of the dumplings anyway you would like. Be careful not to bite off the whole thing, the juice inside could burn your tongue! Some other dishes to order is spicy wonton in chili sauce, scallion pancake with beef, rice cakes and fried noodles etc. Price is very fair, and service is good enough. Food is the best part of this restaurant.
One of my favorite of all time  for soup dumplings. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced and this is as authentic Xiao Long bao as it can get. Within the recent years the Resturant has attracted along of people that are curious to try. eater NY and blog sites have consistently mentioned Xiao Long bao so there is quiet a wait for tables after work hours and weekends. The restaurant is also cash only so make sure you make a trip to the bank/atm before going.
CASH ONLYYou know the Chinese restaurant is good when there's a line forming outside. You know it's a really good Chinese restaurant when even white people are waiting outside for it. I would say to definitely get the soup dumplings (pork is good, don't think you need to pay an extra dollar for the crab and pork mix), I got one order just for myself. My friends and I also got spicy tripe (they only make a limited amount of it in the morning and sell until it sells out, which can happen in a short amount of time) and the scallion beef pancakes and the scallion rice cake dish. All are really good, the amount of beef in the pancakes is very little though so don't think you need to pay extra for it, just get the scallion pancakes. We also got an order of soy milk, and all of it, with tax and tip, came out to be $50.
Went inside, got a number, and turned around to go outside to read the reviews taped on the window until our number was called. Once we were triumphantly inside, we checked the menu to see if there was anything else we wanted. I had scoured the many previous Yelp reviews for the most popular recommendations, so had good idea of what we should get. We got the savory soy milk, youtiao, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pork xlb, and Shanghai Shao Mai. The sauce in the scallion pancake with sliced beef seemed like hoisin sauce, which was a nice surprise. My friend liked the vinegar for our xlb. Unfortunately, we waited too long to eat our xlb, so they were a bit cool, and probably not as delicious as when they first arrived at our table. What I thought was a reasonable amount of food for two people turned out to be a lot more - I didn't feel hungry for the rest of the day. It was worth it!
Noddles are no better than a regular Chinese place. Came here because New world mall was closed. Don't rust yelp review. This place is horrible. Also they don't bring you water unless you ask several times.
Spicy beef noodle is good but the pepper is very spicy. Good place to take a quick meal. It's crowded during lunch time but the price is very reasonable. Steam vegetable dumpling is not that good.
So we decided to try this place because my sister wanted soup dumplings. I learned that it is called dim sum. We tried the pork and crab dim sum. It was so flavorful. And the price was great. Just be careful coz the filling is super hot. Dont go chomping down. I wish the staff would show us how to eat it, we had to spy on others to figure out how to eat it. Definitively would come back for more dim sum. Not a huge fan of the scallion pancakes. If you are indian they taste like a poori. Definitely need something to eat with it. Very blah on ita own. The tea was good. Dont get the sweetened soy milk.
I came for the xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and I was not disappointed. For $5.50 you get 6 juicy, soft, flavorful soup dumplings. The dumpling skin is just thick enough to keep all the delicious broth from leaking out when you pick it up with chopsticks. Best xiaolongbao I've ever tried!We also ordered sheng jian bao (pan fried pork buns) and scallion pancakes. These were not as memorable as the soup dumplings but they were still tasty. The pork buns could've used more meat in the center but the filling was savory and the bottom was perfectly crispy. The scallion pancakes were a bit too salty and greasy, so I don't think I will be ordering them again.Our server seemed a bit cold and didn't really check up on us after we placed our order. We had to walk up to the hostess to ask for a check. However, the food was great so I will be coming back for sure.
There are three sections to this restaurant and wait time is about 15 minutes for a table for 2 on Saturday night. There isn't a lot of space, so you will be eating elbow to elbow and possibly joining in on your neighbors conversation. The menu is simple with the Shanghai staples. My boyfriend and I got two orders of soup dumplings, 1 crab/pork and 1 pork. Flavors are much cleaner than Joe's Shanghai. It's not too oily either. I saw a lot of others things people were ordering and it looked hella appetizing. Easily a quick lunch spot in Flushing. Staff could be a little more attentive.
Nice place to visit in flushing.  Nice people. Would recommend to read reviews. Try it your self to experience of the lifetime. I would probably  come sometimes in the future to see if there are even better then now.
SO YUM! Omg. Try the dumplings, of course, but also the rice cakes and the seafood noodles.
Favorite place for soup dumplings, pan fried noodles, rice cakes with meat and veggies, and scallion pancakes.  Top notch and cheap!  Gets crowded at peak times during weekends though.
Wonderful, but not as amazing as you would expect from a  Michelin-rated restaurant.
Pork and crab meat XLB (6). $7.50.Soy peas, cabbage, and shredded bean curd. $4.95.This place is cash only.1) Pork and crab meat XLBExcellent!!! It has been a few years since I had these most recently, and I revisited. This place still got it. Great and reliable as before.Crab meat is definitely present. The texture is right. The taste is delicate and subtle yet flavorful. Of course it is juicy, and you get a little bowl to let you devour all of the tasty soup. You get julienned ginger in a small bowl to freshen your taste. Black vinegar is on each table (a must).2) Soy peas (edamame), cabbage, and shredded bean curdDefinitely recommended. Find this under the cold appetizer. Mildly salted with a hint of roasted garlic and red chili in sunflower (?) or sesame oil. This dish might taste great mixed with bifun, on top of ramen, or with a steamed bun. Tasty and very versatile dish.The service is attentive (Sunday at around 9pm; staff members make sure you have enough tea and your needs are met) and the dining hall is very clean (as it has been). The tea could have been barley tea, which is caffein-free and has a ton of health benefits. Very thoughtful for a late night dinner. A sure bet for a great meal.
Food- 3.5/Service- 4Came here on Friday night and there were plenty of tables (due to the restaurant's extension). We ordered the original (pork) dumplings, crab dumplings, pork & cabbage noodles, and sweet soy milk.  The soup and fillings for both dumplings were okay although I would prefer the original. I don't think the crab dumplings are worth it. As for the pork & cabbage noodles, there were very few pieces of pork. The bowl was literally covered with cabbage pieces.  The service was pretty quick and attentive.
My wife and I spent a week in NYC where we literally ate Xiao Long Bao every day. Sometimes twice. I'll save you the suspense. These are the best. We didn't try the crab with pork here, but the all pork soup dumplings are as perfect as they can be.
The unorganized service and sour attitude from the staff workers here left a sour taste in my mouth. I'm going to opt for other dumpling shops to go to.I came in for a solo dinner, and confusion ensued within minutes of my entering in: when I asked for a table for one, the server didn't guide me to the specific table she wanted me to be at, but pointed her hand to the front corner of the eatery, then went back into the kitchen. That was a problem, since I ended up sitting at a table that was already occupied: a different server started speaking me in Chinese, to which I said, "I don't speak Chinese." She told me disgruntingly, "Someone else is already sitting there!" and directed me to a table in the back of the eatery. I responded by saying that another server told me I could sit in the front area, so she moved me to another table there. This second server had a frown on her face as she asked me what food that I wanted; I told her my order, but tuned into the troublesome vibes I was getting from this place. So as she approached my table with the cold soy milk I had asked for, I told her to cancel my order, that I didn't want to eat there anymore.I approached the two staff workers at the front table, repeating that I wanted to cancel my order. Neither of them looked like they cared about what was happening as I told one of them, "You really need to make your service better here," to which she dismissingly said, "It's okay!" I answered, "It's not okay", and walked out.
The sheer volume of rave reviews for this place speak for themselves, but I'll throw another one into the mix, with emphasis on their great vegetarian options. I've been here three or more times at this point, and I'm never short of 100% satisfied with the food. The vegetable dumplings are some of the best I've ever had; they're huge, the filling is flavorful, and their vinegar-ginger dipping sauce provides a fusion of flavors that is just on another level. I also can't speak highly enough about the variety (and quality) of their vegetable side dishes. I usually order a lot since they're so cheap, and all are great.Standouts include:-Fried bean gluten: basically what is called "seitan" in most vegan restaurants today. The dish comes with some black mushrooms and a thick, flavorful sauce. Very filling.-Edamame, spinach, and tofu: pretty straightforward, but really good.-Cucumber and garlic: relatively basic and simple dish, but with a ton of added garlic that makes it standout from other iterations of traditional pickled cucumber. So good.-Chinese black mushrooms: AKA "wood ear" mushrooms, these are are also prepared with lots of garlic and offer a super interesting texture that I love.-Shredded potato and pepper: a bit pickled, with a bit of garlic, maybe some other sauce - this one is also a regular order and never fails to impress.In conclusion: everything is amazing and I am always looking forward to my next meal here.
Solid place.  Had not been in the area for ~8 years, looks a lot different. Just keep on ordering till you are full.  Service was good and food comes out fast.
Service has gotten worse 2/10 . What is consider a good customer service? No refill tea or water. No greeting nor thank you. They seem to care about foreign customers more than the Chinese customers. But if you're Chinese they will assume you speak Chinese! Don't even deserve 15% tips. Must come for the soup dumplings!! But the size somewhat looks smaller every time I come here! The sauce is now on each individual tables. 8/10Pork and vegetable noodle soup 7/10: more vegetable than pork! The amount of soup and noodle are not the same amount. Wonton with peanut sauce 2/10: DO NOT GET! fake wontons, they are more suitable for foreigner who can't tell the difference between real and fake wontons. The portion of the fillings is ridiculous small!
I've had better, but this place does it pretty well. Not sure if I'm doing this place injustice because my standards for soup dumplings are pretty high. The soup was pretty good but the skin was thick. We got a pork soup dumplings basket as well as a pork and crab one, and we also got two orders of the beef rolled in scallion pancake (3 pieces on each plate). The soup dumplings had lots of soup, meat was tender and not dry, quite flavorful too. The beef rolled in scallion pancake was quite chewy but definitely could have done with more meat! Meat could have had more flavor too; they dumped a bunch of sauce onto it. Price pretty fair, not too expensive, this all came out to be around $25 post-tax (could feed 2-3 people for a meal).
I was immediately put off with the very limited menu... I should have went to the other dimsum joint on yelp i thought.. The one with 1300 less reviews.What was I thinking?Walking into Nan Xiang was under the guidance of the invisible hand of the lord. The Soup Dumplings here are nothing short of a religious experience. The broth has a velvet silkiness to it that immediately invalidates all previous prejudice. Take my advisement. All other soup dumplings are just charlatans. they exist to confuse.. to make you think that any schmuck can put soup inside a noodle and its aaaall good.. And its true.. they are all good. And I am sure you have had "good" soup dumplings. So have I.. From Stanton Social to Southeast Asia! But here in Flushing Queens is the ultimate Beacon of hope for the world! The Reigning Champion of Soup Dumplings My friends... do yourself a favor. Stop whatever it is you are doing at the moment and alter your current trajectory and put your destiny on a collision course for 38-12 Prince Street, Flushing Queens. Namaste, and bring CASH.
Amazing XLB; delicious, filling, quick and easy on the wallet. The broth is really good without being too greasy. I also like that there are small sticks of ginger in the soy sauce, which is served with a little spoon that you can use to pour soy sauce into the dumpling. Cash only establishment so make sure to bring enough.
Had my eye on this place for a while now. Nice big restaurant with plenty of seating,and cozy booths. Great menu options, little bit of everything to choose from. My wife  and I ordered soup. For the entree we went with kung pao chicken. Hot and sour soup was delicious! Actually, best I ever tasted. Cant say the same for chicken and corn. Bit too much flavor, just didnt taste right for me. The entree was very good. Just enough portion for twoa pple to share. Real pieces of chicken breast, and  and vegetables . Very delicious. Service was very good. We were always taken care of and wait for food wasnt long at all. Honestly, great place for for birthday  dining. Good food and service. Next time want to try the beef ( they were out of those) and chicken with mixed veggies. My only complaint is the tiny rice bowl that comes with the dish. Just enough for one person. Maybe, its just me? Either way still coming back. Craving for that  noodls soup already!
Although soup dumpling were great the scallion pancakes were not hot and seemed undercooked.Otherwise it's very good
I've been meaning to try this place for a while but parking is always a hassle. I finally made it in tonight and it was worth the trouble. The soup dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but they were still very good. Juicy and a thick enough skin to hold up. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef but they forgot the beef and the plain pancake was good enough that we left it off. It was chewy yet flakey and only slightly greasy. The handmade dumplings were just OK. I could've done without them. Definitely glad I made it in. Not sure I'd make an excursion to return but would definitely stop in if I'm nearby.
Hands down one of my favorite spots for some juicy Shanghainese soup dumplings.  The restaurant can get pretty busy during lunch and dinner hours, especially during the weekends, but be patient because it will be worth the wait!  Apparently, this restaurant used to take up half the area it currently occupies.  As I was informed, due to rapidly-booming business, it took over a neighboring business' space and became what it is now, a pretty roomy and successful Shanghainese restaurant.  Besides the crabmeat soup dumplings, I am a fan of their soybean milk, which comes in a ginormous bowl if you order it hot.  I also love their rice cakes, Shanghainese Siu Mai and cold dishes (spicy beef & tripe, gluten, cucumbers, etc).  Don't set your expectations too high with the service, as it is, after all, an Asian restaurant.  Just stop by for some simply made yet delicious food that will leave you craving for more.
Nan Xiang definitely warrants its popularity. The soup dumplings are their claim to fame. The delectable soup (not overbearingly fatty yet not bland), the thin wrapping, the delicious meat. They're definitely good, but there are a plethora of other great dishes as well -- crispy dough, chives pockets, scallion pancakes (with beef as well), etc. While service leaves much to be desired, the food deserves praise. Waits should be expected as well.
This place has pretty good xlb, way better than the ones at joe's Shanghai. The broth tasted clear and light and the skin was thin. I also got the sweet soy milk to go with the xlb. The soy milk was good, beats the ones that u buy in a can. Came here on a Sunday, around 2:40pm, no wait and was quickly seated. But right around 3 or later, there were a lot of people waiting to get seated.
My go-to soup dumpling spot. Prepare to wait a bit, there always seems to be a line. Dishes you can't go wrong with:Crab/pork soup dumplings Scallion pancake with beefShanghai fried udonRice cake with mustard greensSalty soybean soup? Not sure what it's called in English (picture below)
I have been to this place at least a hundred times in the past few years-- but for some reason never bothered to write a review.... this past week I ate here twice and I think it's time.First of all-- (this may become irrelevant), but it's great for Pokemon Go players. The place is next to a whole bunch of Poke Stops and you just KNOW people are using lure here. It's hard to play and eat, but it is your call and this is completely a harmless tip.Now on to the place, super quick service and great Chinese food. People come here for the soup dumplings (which is great by the way, totally recommend it)-- but I much rather a simple soy bean drink along with a sauced noodle for a quick meal. A decently priced meal, with that authentic Chinese feel, and a full bellaaay is what I come for ;)P.S. I am obsessed with kao fu, but would not recommend the kao fu here (they don't really go shanghai styled on it, so it's not especially flavorful).
Not the best NYC Shanghainese cuisine I've had but the xiao long bao was great!  Definitely will reorder this if we return.  Most likely my palette but I (and husband too) did not like the the seaweed dish.  We also ordered beef Shanghai/udon noodles which was tasty but was way too greasy for our liking.  Out of ignorance, I ordered the Shanghai dim sum thinking it would be filled predominantly wit meat but instead found they were filled with rice.  Our go-to xiao long bao and other Shanghainese dishes are Shanghai cafe deluxe in Mott St in Manhattan and Kung Fu xiao long bao on Main St in Queens.
mehhhh dis was aighttttttt. the service was p jankythey took like 15 minutes to bring menus to me and my friend after seating us so we just sat there w and it was awkwardwe had soup dumplings & fried pork bunswhich were....kinda bland n hard 2 finish n not v memorable mehhhh (｡**｡)
Excellent food at excellent prices! My husband and I ordered 4 dishes to share and we were really full by the end! We of course ordered soup dumplings, which we burnt our mouth on as they were so hot ha! So make sure you let them cool before eating them. We also ordered beef scallion pancakes which were AMAZING, I actually preferred them to the soup dumplings. We also had red bean puffs and steamed dim sum. The service was great, we actually missed our number being called (don't think it was called in English), but once they realised we missed it they seated us straight away. They were always on top of refills for our tea and the cheque and our change was brought quickly. I most definitely will recommend this place to friends and will be back myself! Great value.
My mother wasn't a very good singer. Neither was my Dad, nor any of my Uncles or Aunties. So I sometimes wonder how I ended up as a singer. Then one day, I saw an old, grainy video of my grandmother singing. Oh my goodness! She had the voice of an angel. The whole world stopped and listened whenever my "Nan Sang." So much so that this restaurant is even named after how beautiful it was when my "Nan Sang" (Nan Xiang in Chinese). So now you know.What to get: Pork Soup DumplingsWhat else: Just do what I said and get the Pork Soup Dumplings, k?What about your Nan: She's dead, alright? But she could carry a tune. End of cute story. Shut up.Why are you so angry today: I have a gun permit. So hand over your tampon okay.What does that mean: It's a Texas joke.Oh: Yeah.If a regular guitar is too big for your grandmother, then get her a "Nan Banjo." If she's broken a bone, she needs a "Nan Xray." And if she's a Sheriff in a small town that still builds gallows for criminals, then you should probably attend a "Nan Hanging" just to see what a violent bloodthirsty woman your granny is.Nan Xiang is one of the best Chinese meals I've ever had. Bear in mind the food is a bit oily but I *love* oily food, so. Certainly the tastiest and juiciest and hottest dumplings I've ever eaten. Now bear in mind, I'm no expert on dumplings and never usually order them. But when the entire Yelp community raves about this place for its incredible dumplings, I'm obviously going to stop in and try it. And I totally fell in love with it. The service is lovely. The prices are extremely, surprisingly affordable for such a popular place, so busy, with great decor. There's a mixture of tourists and natives, Asian Americans and other Americans, and a hefty dose of foreigners too.My grandma always used to speak in her own language. I called it "Nan Slang." She also used to use an extension cord to kill people. Her form of asphyxiation was known as Grandma Strangling or "Nan Strang" for short. I know, it's a little morbid. But like everything I ever wanted on E-Bay, I never had the final say. There were always morbids at the last minute.But this is far from a tourist place. It's a "hole in wall". You can see the huge jets thundering overhead on their way to LaGuardia. You can see the hookers in the alleyway peddling their wares. You can taste the scalding deliciousness shooting out from inside the dumpling. Okay I lied about the hookers. But don't burn your mouth on the dumpling juice.If "p**ntang" is slang for p***y then what is "Nan Tang"?It reminds me of something else. I can't think what. What else is it that when you bite into it shoots scalding hot salty juice down your throat? Which you then hungrily swallow down while rolling your eyes back orgasmically? I can't remember. Anyway. These dumplings. Are. The. Bomb. Dot. Com. What a silly expression, but I used it, and it's done. We move on.Crap I just missed a call from my Grandma. I didn't even realize my "Nan Rang."It was part of my Queens food tour this past spring. I tried White Bear, Xi'an (yet again), Lamb Noodle Soup, Kimganae Korean, and many more. None of them were better than Nan Xiang (except maybe Xi'an). Everyone who loves dumplings and loves Chinese food should come in here and give these cheap, filling, delicious dumplings a try. Yummmmmm. I can comfortably say these are the best dumplings I've ever had.Now I know you like g*ngbangs, but have you ever been to "Nan Bang"? It allows older ladies to live out their fantasies of having multiple partners at the same time. You'd love it. If you love nans. Or if you are a nan who loves boys. Or whatever. Only in NYC.And by the way I never take my own trash out. I have these little kids from across the street come over, and take my trash wherever I want them to. Because my trash contains all sorts of illegal stuff such as body parts, I mean broken glass, I mean, well, whatever. Drugs maybe. Idk. Anyway I call the kids my "Dumplings." I don't care if that's weird. A man having no hair anywhere on his body is not weird either, according to Genesis. And no I don't mean the Bible. Much better than that. Check it out.youtube.com/watch?v=lad6…Told ya.
I come here all the time.  Best soup dumplings ever!!!! This is the place to go to for good food.
Just waited 45 min for soup dumplings. Checked with the staff 2x about our order. Got fed up with the lack of concern and am leaving now. Many tables have come and go, but our dumplings are nowhere to be found. /edit, another table behind us with a hispanic family also waited extremely long for their xlb and were mad. My bf is Dominican, so maybe they're racist against Hispanics?I will say that the fried pork buns and beef pancake that came lightning fast were delicious.
Service is always pretty snappy and bad, but the beef pancake rolls totally make it worth it and more. Make sure your order is understood correctly! Ask for a receipt! I made the mistake of not checking, only to come home to a wrong order. The XLB here are okay, but they do package them up pretty nicely so they don't stick to each other. Just make sure you get the beef rolls :)
This place is definitely overhyped. I don't understand what is so good about this place. Once the waiter took us to our seats, I find a pile of water on my chair. He just looked at it and continue doing what he was doing and I had to wipe the puddle of water on my seat myself. Once I sat down my boyfriend pointed out to me that his spoon was dirty with stains of brown marks on it. I looked at my spoon and sure enough, there was a stain. It was pretty disgusting at this point. We ordered our food excitingly hoping it will get better at this point. It didn't. My boyfriend got the pork noodle soup. The whole soup was super oily, the noodles were oily. I don't understand why there were so much oil in a plain noodle soup. I got the Shanghai pan fried udon and it was just sparkling in oil. It was drenched in oil everywhere. I ate a few bites and I just couldn't take it anymore. It was super oily and it was hard noodles. It tasted like it was undercooked. When I ask for another pair of spoon my for boyfriend and I, the waiter ignored us. They really should hire better people. I needed napkins and I see the waiter on his phone texting in front of everyone. It was just annoying and unprofessional. Knowing that I can get better food and better service for the same price is really disappointing. I had a very unpleasant time at this restaurant and will not be returning.
Been here plenty of times, great prices, and plenty of seating. Well known place for soup dumplings. What to get: steamed pork buns, steamed crab meat & pork buns, scallion pancake w/sliced beef, crispy dough, sweet soy bean milk. Gets packed on the weekend but definitely worth the wait.
My Friends Matt, Billy, and Steve have been raving about this place for years.  I was not disappointed   Must try
This place is great.  Cash only.  I had the scallion pancakes, steamed pork buns and crispy noodles with chicken.  It was so good.  Service was fast.  I highly recommend it.
Pros: the food was amazing. I've had xiao long baos at so many good places in both ny and la and this place ranks at the top. There was so much juice in these baos. Not a single one was dry and the flavor was so deep. Onion pancake was also a great appetizer. Spicy noodle was good too but not a stunner like the xiao long baos. Cons: it was so hot inside the restaurant. I felt like I couldn't breath during the entire meal. Also with the lack of space you're literally sitting right next to strangers.  In the end, would come back just to have the amazing xiao long baos.
As a Chinese person I can certify the food's great!10/10 would go with Xiao Long Bao again!(Place doesn't accept credit card though)
Nan Xiang ranks 2nd in my list for the best Xiao Long Baos I've ever tasted. Definitely the best I've had in NYC. Food: These were the larges XLBs I've seen. I knew when I picked them up it would be sloppy because it looked like there was going to be a lot of soup. Definitely the largest and with the most soup I've ever seen. Odd they give you a spoon that doesn't fit the whole XLB. Things got a bit sloppy. I ordered the regular and the crab XLBs. I preferred the crab one. Ordered a shanghai rice cake dish as well. It was decent but nothing special. Lightly flavored with minimal protein. Service: Quick Chinese service. Staff was pretty on top of things. They were on a constant move. Environment: Definitely has a cheaper feel to it compare to Din Tai Fung, but nicer than Joe's Shanghai. Price: Cheap for the quality and portions. Food: 5Service: 4Environment: 4Price: 5
This is our go to place after a massage along Roosevelt. Xiao long bao is always good and just recently tried the scallion pancake with beef and was also superb. We also order the panfried noodles pretty much everytime we go here. Boyfriend loves their spicy beef noodle soup.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is one of my absolute favorite go-to places with my friends and family. They have a great environment for groups and many seats to accommodate the many people who come in and eat their delicious Asian cuisine. Everything is well priced and a person can easily spend $10-$20 and find themselves completely satisfied with a full belly. Something unique to Nan Xiang Dumpling House is that they have a station enclosed in glass walls to display how their employees hand-make their soup dumplings. If you've never had soup dumplings before, I highly recommend them---especially from Nan Xiang Dumpling House because they have the best quality soup dumplings I've ever tasted in NYC. Make sure to bring cash when you go because they do not accept credit cards, and come with an appetite!
Best xiao long bao restaurant in Queens. And I've been to many soup dumplings houses. Steamed dumplings skin is delicate so be careful when you lift it off from the steamer. My typical order of 3 regular (not crab) xlb dumplings... 1 fried xlb dumplings... and 1 stir fried beef udon noodle dish for 2 people. We tend to take the noodles home as left overs.  I visit 1 a month.
The menu items are palatable, not nearly as high in quality or artistically made as the same menu items as ordered in China or Taiwan, but serve as acceptable substitutes for the occasional fix.The 牛肉夾蔥油餅 (Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef) and the 南翔小籠包 (Nanxiang Steamed Pork Buns) are highly recommended for first-time visitors. The scallion pancakes were a bit thick, ~5 mm, so not very crunchy but still chewy. The 小籠包 are not pork "buns", as the listed on the English menu, but thin-skinned xiaolongbao filled with ground pork, chives, and a hot broth--which was more oil than broth (so don't expect to relive your Din Tai Fung fantasies here).The breakfast and cold appetizer items are a refreshing foil to some of the greasier menu items, but I was quite disappointed by the 甜糯米飯糰 (sweet onigiri) from the breakfast menu. As you can see from my photo, the "Sweet Sticky Rice Roll" consists of only rice, 油條, and  white sugar--not brown sugar, not ground peanuts, not black sesame paste, not soy sauce--all-purpose white SUGAR. No vegetables, no meat, no 肉鬆, no eggs. I regret ordering this because I could have made it at home, minus the 油條--saving myself the $2.95 I paid for just warm white rice, fried dough, and sugar packets from the coffee shop down the street.Table service was acceptable. Wait staff were attentive in refilling tea.This establishment falls short of a four-star rating because one grungy co-ed restroom is not nearly adequate to service an entire restaurant of 80+ customers and staff. Cash only. No reservations accepted, so FCFS for groups.
The soup dumplings were pretty good. We had both the pork dumpling and the crab / pork dumpling. I liked the pork dumpling better. The stir fry udon and rice cake noodles were both tasty. I wish it was not as oily though. It was not busy when we were there but for some reason the waitress was anxious to clear some plates. The udon dish was not done and she was rushing us to empty the plate so she can take it away.
After waiting 15 mins to order our food. Other table that was seated after us even got their food! We first received our chicken in white wine sauce and cucumber. Then she came by to ask if we are ready for the check, even though our main course soup dumplings and dry pepper & beef noodles haven't arrived yet. She looked very confused, asked what else did we order! Finally all our food came!!!After paying for our delicious meal in CASH! I was looking through my wallet, started taking out dollar bills. At that moment, she passed by glanced over and stopped at our table to remind us that minimum tip rate is 15% - which is $5. Mind you I never ever in life, tip less than 15% ever for slow and rude services!!!! I was once a waiter, I know how that might feel!
Insanely cheap! Great for late night eats but the soup dumplings here are just OK.6 pork XLB (soup dumplings) for $5.95. 3 stars. The skin was too thick and slightly undercooked. Generously meaty and soupy though. I also like that they give you tongs so that you don't break the skin.6 crab and pork XLB for $6.95. 2.5 stars. Stick to the pork ones especially if you're not a fan of crab roe. Seafood taste overpowered the pork.Fried Bean Gluten $5.95. 5 stars. An acquired taste so stay away if you're not a fan of greasy tofu. Flavorful and just the right amount of chewy,They make it just like my aunt does back in Taiwan. The mushrooms and bamboo shoots that accompany the gluten are equally delightful.Cold sweet soy milk for $1.50. 5 stars. Authentic. None of that American Silk crap.
Finally made the trek out here to try these famous soup dumplings. Fairly long wait 30$ min for table for two on a Friday night; however they give you a ticket and you can go outs and about in flushing and grab some bubble tea while you wait. Soup dumplings: as good as any other. I have to say though the dough was a little thicker in comparison to other recent soup dumpling places I've tried recently. Perhaps some prefer this but prefer the dough on the thinner side. Regretfully didn't get to try the scallion pancakes with beef filling...
Poor hygiene, long waiting time. Waitress don't take customers even tables are empty.
Love this place for their soup dumplings and veg chicken and tufu.  A long wait line is worth it.
Very bad customer service.... long wait on everything. don't go have here!!! There is so many restaurants in flushing. Why going somewhere that is unpleasant?
I fell in love with Chinese food after my visit here. Being a Korean, I never had authentic Shanghai food. I've had my fair share of Peking duck but that was the extent of my Chinese food experience. Since I came to visit NYC for the first time, my friends decided to take me here saying it would be worth it. And I can say that they were right. This is one of those cash only hidden restaurants. Once we got here,we ordered a wide variety of stuff of which none failed to disappoint. starting with the scallion pancake with beef i believe, and the soup dumplings with crab and pork. After feeling like we were lacking another dish, we ordered a pig ear dish which was surprisingly delicious. To those who have not tried it try it! It does not taste odd funky crazy or any other negative adjective that might come to mind haha. Oh and did I mention 9 people ate comfortable for about $100.
**TOURIST HUB**Food is so mediocre. Service is so crappy. I got the braised beef noodle soup, two orders of the pork soup dumplings and one of the crab, and the xiao mei. The braised beef noodle soup was lackluster: It came with 3-4 pieces of cilantro, the noodles were doughy, and the soup was thin. The menu said it was spicy but to who?? I had to ask for the chili peppers two times from a waiter because it wasn't on our tables and he forgot the first time i asked. The restaurant wasn't even busy; half my time there I saw him standing on the side and waiting for the food to come out from the kitchen.  The soup dumplings were doughy (but not as much as joe shanghai's i'll give them that)The XIAO MEI. Apparently the waiters have a hard time keeping track of orders because we received scallion pancakes which we didn't order, but was charged for, AND the xiao mei came 10 minutes after we got the rest of the meal. We spotted it first on the table next to ours, and after the couple told the waiter it wasn't theres, it traveled across the other side of the restaurant and eventually found its way to us. They were cold and the taste didn't do any justice to the wait. After the horrible service i received the first time i came last year, i decided to give this another shot, and was just completely enamored by how crappy their service is. I don't bother writing reviews of crappy restaurants but this one was especially bad. I went to kung fu xiao long bao the next day and received food and service that was a hundredfold better than this restaurant's. Do yourself a favor and CHECK KUNG FU out!!!!!!!!! Dear tourists, this is where you want to get your soup dumpling experience!!!
Decided to head over to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao for an early lunch via NYC subway. It was well worth the trip. I'm used to Din Tai Fung's thin wrapper dumplings. I don't believe Din Tai Fung has made it to the east coast. There are several in California. Din Tai Fung's juicy steam dumplings are the standard I use to rate dumplings. Din Tai Fung's wrapper is super thin and delicate. So, when I say "thick," it's all relative.I've had other soup dumplings with thick wrappers, and they have all been subpar. I thought that the thick wrapper took away from the flavor of the broth. Well...Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao proved me wrong. The broth, encased in the thick stretchy wrapper, was rich & flavorful! You can't go wrong with the steamed pork buns and the steamed crab & pork buns.
Cash only!!! This place was delicious. Comparing it to Din Tai Fung (my go-to), the XLB had more meat and more soup. The scallion pancake with the sliced beef was to die for! It combines two of my fave dishes - they add the beef with the Peking duck fixings (sauce, scallions)! It's a must order. Definitely coming back!
Been here twice for dinner.  Definitely not worth the crazy wait.  Ordered a soup dumpling, rice cake, pan fried seafood noodle which had a ton of cabbage. They were all decent to me.
A haiku:Take the 7 trainEat cheap, great xiao long bao and Badly burn your face
At first I thought omg this place is small but thank god expansion of tables in the next room. We were #13 and they only called up to #7. Inside of the restaurant is full blast of AC sooooo cool! My mom looked over the menu so that way when we are seated and ordered right away. The servers brings out the food fast after you place in your order. Food: Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, and a bowl Shanghai Wonton SoupOmfg everything that we ordered was AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! The wonton soup was so yummy and guilty to say its a little better than my mom...hope she doesn't kill me lol Not sure what else they add into the pork and vegetable filling!!! Seaweed with dried shrimps in the yummy broth!Mmmmm love the crispy scallion pancake wrapped around the sliced beef and that delicious sauce...I believe its also use in eating Peking Duck!I love the Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao way more than that boring ass pork only filling. The soup that I sucked up was soooooo yummy and it burnt my tongue. The ingredients are so fresh and I love every bite baby! Definitely a comeback spot! I couldn't believe its right next to my other love 66 Lu's Seafood =P CASH ONLY!!
Yes! Officially my favorite soup dumpling restaurant! Sorry, Joe's Shanghai and Joe's Ginger. The restaurant is always packed on weekend nights so keep that in mind when coming here. However, if you get here around 7pm, you should be able to grab a table. The restaurant is no frills, but the service is actually quite decent compared to my other experiences in Chinatown and Flushing.As for the food ... 2 words ... Soup Dumplings! Immediately, after you plop down on your seat, you should ask for an order of soup dumplings -- as to which type of protein feel free to ask the waiter. Then after that, feel free to browse the menu and order miscellaneous items of your liking. Personally, I'm a huge cold appetizers and crispy noodle fan so we also ordered the:Jelly Fish - The Jelly Fish is servede with Turnip, so it might turn off some people, but more the merrier for me! The Jelly Fish was real flavorful and some of the best I've ever had.Scallion Pancake with Slice Beef - They serve you 3 huge pieces. The skin was soft and the beef was marinated perfectly inside the pancake. Despite being full, we devoured this with ease.Crispy Noodle with Shredded Chicken - Another excellent dish! The noodle was very cripsy and there was more than a fair share of chicken, mushrooms, misc toppings and sauce.As for the soup dumplings, they were very good too. We were used to being served the customary 8 pieces at other restaurants, so were a bit surprised to only see 6 in one order. Other than that, no complaints. I definitely will be planning more future trips here .... very very soon!
Ive came here a dozen of times.  Food is good.  Dumplings take longer than expected but for the taste and price its worth the wait.
Normally I go for Joe Shanghai's when I think of soup dumplings but when visiting Flushing, Nan Xiang Dumpling House is where the soup dumplings are at!At a cheaper price, you have the option of either the Pork or Pork and Crab soup dumplings.  We had both which came with 6 nicely sized dumplings filled with so much delicious soup.   The two options had different flavors to the soup but they were both full of flavor and not bland like some other places that try to do soup dumplings.  I would go to say that this soup dumpling rivals that of Joe Shanghai's!Not a perfect 5 star rating though.  We did order other things on the menu which were mediocre at best.   We had the beef over crispy noodles and while the noodles were very delicious, the beef were cut into very, very thin strips.   There was so little beef in the dish so it was disappointing.  We did also order a 'cold' appetizer in the Spicy Beef and Tripe dish.   Again, disappointed.  Way too much tripe and not enough beef.  The little bit of beef found among the heaps of tripe were seasoned pretty good though.Ending note/ Pro tip:  Just come here for the soup dumplings, order a lot, and that's it!
terrible experience for takeout. Tofu is not cook well . Make me so sick of it. Don't come this place ever when u finish ur food. U can feel ur stomach really uncomfortable.  I throw away all the food. Really really terrible feelings! Never gonna come again .
We helped this place when were in the area. We ordered 6 dishes the udon noodles very fresh and tasty, the scallion pancakes were fluffy and crunchy and not greasy at all. Pork fried dumplings were really good, the shredded potato salad who would have thought ? Incredibly tasty I have to learn  to make this and the cucumber and garlic salad.i can't say enough about those two dishes don't eat here with out ordering these. The pork dumplings in peanut sauce I didn't try, they came out last and by that time I was stuffed! My boyfriend reports that the first bite was ok then the combination of flavors hit the back of his tongue and it was incredible flavor. I left out one star because the floors were really Dirty and the tags they wiped the tables with needed to be burned.
A mecca for xiaolongbao in NY. It is a bit of a journey out to Flushing on the temperamental 7 train. Nevertheless, Nan Xiang XLB's soup to dumpling ratio is the highest that I've ever consumed. The steaming broth fills and satisfies all crevices of your mouth. Get the scallion pancake with sliced beef to round out your hearty meal. I would make a trek out here once in a dumpling moon, but other Shanghainese restaurants in Manhattan are more than enough to satisfy my urges.
Growing up in Flushing, finding places to eat soup dumplings were always an adventure for my family. Nan Xiang is decent, but I don't understand all the hype. The staff (when I went in the morning) were kind of rude and the food is mediocre at best. I'm sure this restaurant has seen better days, but places such as Shanghai You Garden offer better quality soup dumplings (with a free basket if you bought over $10 worth of food)
I do love good xiao long bao's (XLB for short). They have been more consistent now.  Really enjoy their various breakfast food-  Scallion pancake, pan fried buns, salty and sweet tofu pudding.  It's all good.  Gotta get there early ( before 10am) or you will have a long wait.
Without question, my favorite Shanghainese breakfast spot in New York. It's a bit out of the way for me (It's located in Downtown Flushing), but definitely worth a visit when you're in the area and even worth making a trip on the 7 train. Get the soup dumplings, some scallion pancakes with or sans beef, some tripe, and you'll be a happy and full human. You will usually have to queue for a little bit (or a long bit), but you'll be glad that you did.
I was hankering for something tasty when I stumbled on this place through Yelp. So I got my trusty metro card and swiped my way to flushing, queens. The restaurant is extremely big, because I originally thought it was small until the waitress walked my sister and I through the restaurant to a spacious seating area. We didn't have to wait long to be seated or served we got there around 1 o'clock and all the waitress were very attentive. We were seated and handed menus immediately. My sister and I ordered the crab and pork dumplings, the beef scallion pancake, and the seafood udon noodles. Since Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao serves large portion were shared everything. Let's talk about how good the seafood udon noodles were, which consisted of shrimp and crab meat. That was the first dish that was served to us and it was hot as in the noodle had steam coming off of them, but it was not scolding hot.  That how food should be severed to customers. It was delicious, using my chop sticks I pick up those noodles and it tasted like a well season noodle from heaven. I loved it,  the udon noodles were extremely good. Whatever sauced they used on the udon noodles,it  was absorbed by the shrimp and Crab meat and it enhances the savory flavor. The udon seafood dish is to die for, literally.  I also noticed that the udon noodles had mini Bok Choy leaves in it. Our second dish that came out was the steamed pork and crab soup dumpling. The crab and pork are minced and mixed together inside the dumpling. That's another must try dish, it tasted amazing. The moment my sister bit into the dumpling the soup juice squirted all over the table. That was pretty funny, I knew it was good because she wasn't speaking just chewing. The beef scallion pancake was okay, whatever sauce was inside I guess it was barbecue sauce made it too sweet. The scallion pancake itself tasted good but I didn't like that sweet sauce inside of it, not my favorite. However, I loved the service; the atmosphere; and the food. I highly recommend that you come out here and try the food. Get the udon noodles,lol!
UPDATE: still 5 stars. Awesome consistency with the wrapper. Not too thick and not too thin. It has the perfect balance to hold the flavorful, juicy broth inside.
Just a short walk from the mall, my family and I traveled after our shopping trip and were seated right away! This place is CASH ONLY so make sure you pull out some cash, you won't need much though because we were able to feed 5 people; with each person having several plates of food, for $60. The food was really tasty, we actually ordered some plates twice, and my parents really enjoyed their meal. I'm vegetarian/vegan so I was able to have some options. My only complaint would be the greasiness of the food after I ate it. Some of the food was bathing in oil and it made me feel a bit queasy (I always feel sick after I consume too much oil) but this wouldn't prevent me from coming again!
Food was amazing. The part not amazing is if YOU DONT TIP and the waitress makes you feel guilty and yells at you and everything. In ASIA tipping is consider a sin and extortion. I mean you finish eating u have a food coma. The best way is to pay the bill and go. Not THINK ooh how's the service? did they keep water or tea full? Should I tip 5% or 10% or 15% or maybe 20%. Ooh wait I can't think I need my calculator.  Worst thing I ate over $60 with my friend and I. TWO people and they still want a tip?!? WTF?!? Only gets the extra star due to food. Try not tipping and you will see.
Omg! I can't believe this place has so many reviews. Of course I had to come here to see what the hype is about. The food here is delicious. I wish they had more vegetarian options. This place has good amount of seating space, it is clean, and service is great. Definitely seems like a hang out spot for the locals and Asian people. I have seen all different types of ethnicities here though. I love that about NYC. I will be back!
The last time I ate XLB was at Din Tai Fung in Taipei. I'm not a big fan of pork so even Din Tai Fung's XLB did not impress me much; their XLB skin was very delicate & delicious though. Similar to Din Tai Fung, the wait for Nan Xiang was no joke. I waited close to 30 minutes for a Sunday around 1 PM, which with so many other restaurants in Flushing I could've easily escaped to, is a very long time. After being seated, I ordered the beef scallion pancake, beef & chili noodle soup and XLB x2 for my boyfriend and I. Beef scallion pancake was not the best I've had but tolerable. Beef & Chili noodle soup tasted like MSG infused broth. Therefore, the highlight was definitely the XLB. While the skin of the XLB can't compare to Din Tai Fung's, the flavor of the pork was much better in my opinion. For somebody who doesn't even like XLB, this place won my heart. Prices are also VERY fair for such a popular restaurant among locals and tourists alike. Service is what you would expect from a busy restaurant in Flushing. Nothing to rave about. Some to complain about but really, who would care?
The first time I ever had soup dumplings and they were out of this world. Well, better than I ever expected soup dumplings could be. The udon noodles were incredible too
Getting straight to the point, food was still good. Service was literally shit. We ordered one order of the pork soup dumplings AND one order of the crab meat ones as well. We got our other orders of noodles and scallion pancakes pretty quick, as usual. The soup dumplings on the other hand, took forever to come out (20+ mins) and on top of that, we didn't get the order of the crab meat dumplings. My friend told the waitress that we were missing an order but the waitress retaliated back by stating that she had only written one order of the dumplings down. Instead of wanting to make it an even bigger incident, we just left it as is and ate the single order of pork dumplings. That's the first fault in this updated review: the waitress never said sorry nor did she bother to confirm the orders with us in case there was some form of miscommunication, which did happen. Adding on to that, our dumplings took longer than usual to come out. I've been here multiple times and our dumplings never took longer than 10-15 mins no matter how busy the place got. Also, it was hard to get someone to take our order in the first place even though I made eye contact several times with a different male waiter.Secondly, since that waitress left us dissatisfied, we decided to leave a tip of $2. Granted, that's basically nothing but my friends and I didn't feel like they deserved any more. After leaving, I had a feeling that someone would come out running demanding for more tips and guess what, I WAS RIGHT. My friend (since she's more fluent than us in Chinese), explained why we left the amount that we did. Waiter stated that he was sorry but he doesn't get a paycheck and only relies on the tips he gets. A sorry means nothing in our books. We're good tippers especially if the service is great and tips reflect the service that we get; they're not mandatory. After having said all that, although the waiter kept saying sorry and was trying to be nice about the whole situation, we just left. There's nothing more embarrassing than having to chase a customer and be chased by a restaurant staff member demanding for more tips if they know that they didn't provide decent service. Nan xiang, I love your food but I won't be back for a while.
C'mon now. You already know what you're getting into. Soup dumplings are what they're known for but their other stuff is just as delicious. Greasy, oily plates of good old comfort food. The dumplings are great in whatever form - soup, steamed or fried. Then make sure to add the pan-fried noodles or the scallion pancakes w/ beef...so friggin moist and warm and crunchy. Waiting on line has never been a problem for me, although I tend to come for dinner on weeknights. They've been rapidly expanding so there's a lot of room, although I hear weekends are a killer and there can be a bit of a wait during prime lunch hours. But still worth it.Service is a bit lacking and communication can be a bit of a problem sometimes, but not for their lack of trying. Who cares when the prices are this cheap!?Cash onlyyyyyyyy
Best soup dumplings in the neighborhood. Some of their other dishes are hit or miss which is disappointing. The majority of the staff being unable to speak English fluently is frustrating at times. They have pictures of alot of food simplifying ordering, but some of those foods aren't all that good. But again best dumplings so expect a long wait.
Definitely recommend! The soup dumplings were fire. We also got the beef scallion pancakes. They were heavier than expected so one order is good to split between two people. The food came out really quick. 10/10 would eat fire dumplings again
This Shanghai style dim sum restaurant is a cut above the rest in Flushing. The decor is simple; the prices are fair, and oh those sumptuous, delicious dumplings! Go there on off hours, if you can. This place gets mobbed at peak times.
This is a great Shanghai Restaurant in Flushing New York has great food and comfortable seedings. It started out as a small restaurant but with the high volume of loyal customers they were able to expand the restaurants. We always order the Shanghai dumplings, noodles, fried pork buns, scallion pancake, and much more when we come. The sad for super friendly they have sufficient amount of wait staff and the wait for a table is not that long. The prices are fair and you gets to walk away happy. I do recommend this place to a lot of my friends and they have intern continue to return to the restaurant and bring their friends.
For less than $50 (plus tip), our party of four received: --18 pork soup dumplings (rich, incredible)--6 crab/pork soup dumplings (still rich but more balanced and even more incredible) --6 veggie dumplings (full of perfectly cooked greens)--Scallion pancake with beef and hoisin (golden brown savory-sweet indulgence of doom)--A plate of garlic cucumbers (cool, crisp and lovely with a drizzle of chili oil) --A plate of rice cakes with shredded pork (a bizarre yet amazing mound of chewy little discs just begging to be smothered in chili oil and toasty chili flakes). I strained to find something to nitpick, but this spot really is lights-out fantastic, especially for the price.
The best scallion pancakes in town! You know the food spot is amazing when all the locals go!
Rice cakes are a MUST. The food is all good but those were amazing! Great welcome to flushing I also got some thick noodles but don't remember what they're called right now. Service is whatever but fast. Food is cheap but really yummy.
"Service with...out a smile", but it had the best dumplings and scallion pancakes I've ever had, service was quick, and wait time for our table on a very busy night was minimal, as they're great at turning over tables here. My favorite part about this place, though, might have to be that their host/manager looks like a Chinese Dick Cheney. Go for the food, but stay for the "Dick Chiney".
Crabmeat and pork soup dumplings on a cold day or any day as a matter of fact. This restaurant has very fast service. Food is fresh and delicious. The dumplings have an amazing skin and just the right amount of filling. Definitely a go to spot for these.
AMAZING experience. Totally worth the 1 hour train ride to get there. Everything is on point! My personal favorite was the scalion pancake with sliced beef, so much flavor! My friend and I ordered the pancake, steamed dumpling, fried buns, and the Shao Mai. We were not able to finish it all and the check totaled 21 bucks! Simply an amazing deal.
I had my first XLB experience here and I fell in love!! The crab XLB is seriously to die for!! So juicy, savory, and flavorful! We usually get seated immediately and the food comes out very fast. I took out 1 star because the server lady got mad at me because I told her don't speak Chinese lol.  But who cares?? When I tasted the XLB I didn't care about anything because it was so delish. The price is really great too!! We got 5 orders of crab XLB and 3 cans of soda btw my sister and I and it came out to around 40 and we were soooo full. Definitely a place to visit every time I'm in NYC.
I love this place! Love like I could eat here everyday. And to be honest, this is the third day in a row that I've found myself here. I literally crave the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The spicy beef and tripe is great. The garlic cucumbers fantastic and refreshing. I have yet to find something that I didn't like. If u don't live in Flushing, it's worth the commute!
Excellent soup dumplings and scallion pancakes at very affordable prices. Parking in the area is tough.
Nan Xiang is my favorite place to go to for soup dumplings! Even though it's a trek (Flushing is far!), I love coming here. I've personally never been here on a weekend, so I've never had to wait to get seated. I went yesterday (Tuesday) around 7pm and was seated right away.I always order the pork soup dumplings and it is DELICIOUS. It's 1000% better than Joe's Shanghai. SO MUCH BETTER.The scallion pancakes here are amazing. They are doughy and crispy, just how I like them. From the appetizer menu, I love ordering the spicy beef & tripe. The iced soy bean milk is a must when you come here. It just pairs so well with everything.I ordered the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don for the first time yesterday and wasn't too impressed with it considering that it's recommended a lot here. It's pretty standard, and I felt like our noodles were a bit undercooked.
Xia long Bao was delicious and juicy! It's very busy on the weekends but the service and was quick and efficient.
This place is very authentic. I had many soup dumplings when I was growing up in China, and this place really reminded me of those days. Their dumplings have nice size, good taste, and the juice is just satisfying. They also have some selections of dim sum, and Szechuan food, which is great for a spicy food lover like me. On average the wait time is 1-2 min, and I get a seat. But I usually go there alone so that might be the reason. They have two big dining areas with plenty of seat, so if you go around 10pm or later, there's no need to wait in line. Service was ok, nothing real fancy. The get you your food pretty quickly, and are very helpful if you need get your water filled or order something else. Only draw back is they only accept cash. For me, I usually eat a lot, and spent around 23 dollars. So now you know how much to bring.
Came in the morning with a friend to have some soup dumplings, noodles, and soy milk for breakfast.I enjoyed all the food, was pretty full and happy with the cheap price! It was my first visit so I didn't know it was cash only, but luckily my friend already knew!Service could be a bit better, as near the end we were waiting for the check for quite a bit.
This place has gone downhill. What happened to the staff?Been here countless times over many many years but never experienced such horrible service today. Waitresses were clearly frustrated / stressed... they ran out of cups for tea, kept talking in their native language about what name-brand jackets customers had (yes, I understood), how much tip each table left, and took forever to get our check and give us back our change. We ended up walking up to the front desk to get it - and the receptionist / clerk was super rude. She said in the nastiest tone, "I dooon't know which one is yours!" She even made hand gestures like IDGAF. Honestly, I didn't want to leave any tip. Other tables were agitated by the slow service as well... with such a big restaurant, they should do a better job hiring and training staff... Beef scallion pancake was salty from too much sauce. Beef to pancake ratio was nearly nonexistent. Crabmeat soup dumplings are pretty good though. But in totality, I will give this place two stars. Joe's Shanghai, Kung Fu XLB, and Shanghai You Garden all have better food and definitely better service.
Honestly brings nostalgia and childhood to my taste buds. Their small, side dishes are packed with flavor. These dishes are relatively cheap as well, so you may find yourself ordering many baskets of soup dumplings and many plates of scallion pancakes. There's often a wait for seats during the weekends, but it's always worth the time.
I used to come here all the time for the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and rice rolls. But the service and the quality of the food has deteriorated over the years.Tried to come here last weekend for breakfast with the family. When I walked in, there was no one there to greet us. A lady sitting behind the counter did not even look up. I walked up to her and asked her for a table of 4. She did not even look up at us and was staring down at her screen the entire time, and said "just wait" in a nasty tone. Terrible service. And so we did for about 15 minutes. Someone else came in after us and asked a waitress who was passing by for a table. The waitress gave her a number. If there was a number system in place for tables, it would have been nice if we got a number from the start. Instead we ended up waiting 15 more minutes than we should have.I typically am not picky about the service and would go to any hole-in-the-wall for good food, but the poor service was way below what the service used to be.Won't be coming back in the future. There are plenty of other xiaolongbao places nearby with just as good food and even better service.
When I needed help with my knee about four years ago I came here and boy was I happy I did. The doctor took out the fluids in my hurt knee and then did therapy here and I loved it. Ladies and gentlemen were so nice.
Amazing pork dumplings and fried udon noodle. We got other pork dumplings that were fried and were not as good. The chili and pork soup had a nice broth flavor and the fried pork chop were nice but could have used a dipping sauce. We had to ask often for more tea and the wait staff was not very friendly.  I will absolutely come back for the soup dumplings and fried udon noodle. Not sure a vegetarian would fair well here.
I've been coming here for years with the family before all the yelp buzz. My most recent visit was a bit disappointing. There were pieces of sharp crab shell shrapnel buried in our crab xiao long bao. This is unacceptable - we could have been seriously hurt (esophageal laceration) if we tried swallowing without chewing carefully. Pretty thoughtless on the part of the person making the dumplings. On the bright side at least I know they are using real crab meat. The taste itself was very good as was the regular xiao long bao. The quality difference between the soup dumplings here vs the many other restaurants in the area is diminishing, however. There are a lot more options these days.The spicy beef tripe was quite greasy but was probably the highlight of the meal in my opinion - it tastes great mixed with rice.
Why 5*s this time as opposed to 4*s last?  Well, fairly easy, I followed my own advice, I went at an off time, sort of.  I took my daughter who was craving soup dumplings and she had an off day from school.  We decided to do a dumpling "crawl" and hit two other places after Nan Xiang (because of the rain and time constraints we just went to another place...IMO a contender for best xlb).  And given we were going to other restaurants we held off on the tripe and beef salad (in the multitude of times that I have been that tripe and beef has been nothing less than stellar) and just ordered the pork xiao long bao and the crab and pork.  The place was fairly empty (a rainy winter Tuesday at 11:30) so service was adequate, which for here is a huge step up.  After 15 or so minutes out they arrived.  Twelve perfectly steamed XLBs.  Deciding on which is better, pork or the pork with crab, really will depend on your mood.  Today, the pork and crab won out, by a smidge.  A dash of vinegar soy, a strand of garlic and a couple drops of hot chili oil.  Awesome.  As I have said before, I don't think you will find better XLBs in the tri-state area for the money...until today when we drove a little further.
This is the best place to get XLB. The service is fast and the food is consistently delicious. I've been here quite a few times with my family, and everyone enjoys it.I recommend getting the Shanghai noodles, regular pork soup dumplings, and soy milk with Chinese donuts. The noodles are addicting, and the dumplings have so much soup inside them. The soup is brothy and fresh: you won't be able to stop eating them! Side note: they don't accept credit card here.
Freshly made Xiao Long Bao and a simple menu that doesn't confuse you.
The wait for this restaurant was 20 minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait. This place was packed out at 9 pm, so you know it's a great spot. We came here as our first stop in our restaurant hopping trip and I wish we hadn't of left to go to another restaurant! The soup dumplings were the best I ever had and they were priced very well. The noodles were great and the beef scallion pancakes were also great.I plan on making this a necessary stop the next time I come to NYC.
I come a lot with my parents to Flushing to eat and we always see how PACKED Nan Xiang is (one of the reasons we never went in.) We decided to start Sunday Funday there and check out what all the hype was about.Let me start by saying that yes outside is packed because basically there is no room to eat inside, so don't let the amount of people outside phase you. The lady told us 15-20... she took us in about 10. We ordered two crab and pork soup dumplings (basically in dumpling heaven) and the scallion pancakes filled with beef. It is a bit filling not as light as scallion pancakes but were very good. The rest of our food was brought out to us in a quick reasonable timing, the waitress seemed busy but whenever we asked for something she was very attentive to our needs. Always a plus! We found a new authentic restaurant in flushing, our favorite!!
Amazing xiao long bao!! I actually am not sure how good other menu are. The soup was ok. Next time I would like to try there breads!
My friends and I made a weekend trio to NYC and stopped by flushing for some serious Chinese food eats. This was our stop as it's famous for soup dumplings. The bathroom's alright, decently clean for a Chinese place and the dining area is family oriented and clean. We got that and an order of shu Mai. The soup dumplings were definitely in point. Soupy inside, the dough didn't stick on the paper in the steamer which I'd think is high quality. The shu mai wrapper is thin. Good. But I found it odd that it had rice inside, that I wasn't used to. I'll give this place a 3.5 tbh: 4 for dumplings and 3 for shu mai. Still good Chinese food. I'd go again.
I can't believe that I am writing this. Could it possibility be that the soup dumplings isn't as good as I remembered it to be.The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) was good, but nothing wowed me about it. The soup was good, the pork was alright. Maybe it wasn't fresh or something. The wow factor wasn't there. Maybe I came on an off day.  In one of my crab & pork dumplings, there was a piece of crab shell. Gotta be careful about those shells. In addition, we ordered the pig ears, spicy tripe and beef pancakes. The pig ear was good, but there are better ones in Flushing. The spicy tripe was definitely spicy- kinda wish that they offered rice. Unless you are a lover for spicy food, the tripe might be a bit much. The beef pancake was good- remember to eat when its hot. At the end of the night, the best food was still the xiao long bao, it should have the highlight of the meal, but it wasn't. Service was subpar-kinda expected it, but atleast refill other people's drink and pay attention to customers. I finished my tea, but had to wait to get a waiter attention that I would like some more tea. At times, I found that the waiter wasn't paying attention to the customers even when we tried to get their attention for the bill. The picture menu is a nice touch, as it was very easy to order food.
Visiting from California and this was one of the spots that I had to try while in New York. Came with my girlfriend. Location isn't hard to find but we weren't sure if we were in the right place since the sign isn't in English. The food: ordered the scallion pancakes and the famous xiao long bao. 5/5 would recommend the pancakes. I was expecting a flat pan fried scallion pancake like all the other places I've been to. But when they brought it out my eyes popped a little bit. They bring you this super crispy, nice golden colored pancake. It could have used a pinch of salt but I think that's a personal preference.(added a few drops of soy sauce myself)The soup dumplings were fantastic. Very rich and strong taste to the soup. Good amount of soup in each dumpling. Wasn't too over powering. The meat was on the soft side. The skin was dry. A little too much dough for my own liking. Overall great place to get soup dumplings.Cons to my experience was the service. We ordered our food and received our pancakes in a timely manner but it took an extremely long time for our dumplings to come out. Parties that came after us sat down, ordered, and received theirs first. And I know that it was probably an honest mistake, but it left a bad experience for myself because I asked them to check up on my order and they didn't even apologize for the wait. Hopefully the next time I come for the dumplings I will have a better experience and change my review.
Place is alright. Its no Din Tai Fung but the soup dumplings are edible. The noodles are ok, nothing to write home about. Popular spot but the food is like Joes Shangai. Be aware that the tea plastic cups aren't all fully clean...my fiancé spent 15 minutes trying to wipe off crusted on tea....
The best soup dumplings around. Love their crab one the best. The rest of their menu is either good or great. Most items are under $10.  I took my family (5 people) and we were all so happy and bellies full with just spending only $60.
I have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and this place just never disappoints! Whenever I don't know what to eat close to Main Street, it is always a battle between this or the dry hot pot. The food here is oily, greasy and relatively cheap but pleasantly enjoyable!I came here last night, Thursday night, with my family to enjoy dinner. We were seated right away but by the door and as you know, when the door opens and closes.. you feel all the wind! Immediately when you walk in it looks super small, like there are only 5 tables but how can that be plausible for a place with such an overwhelming amount of positive Yelp reviews? Well, they have an extension to their restaurant which seats loads of other people once you walk in.We were handed the menu right away. The menu is pretty simple, not many pages to it, just a long sheet of paper that has been laminated front and back. I took pictures of everything we ordered so you can see below! The food is pretty good and definitely cheap. The sweet soy milk is actually not that sweet, but I'm okay with that because you can always add sugar to your liking. The salt soy milk gets a lower grade to me than the sweet soy milk, kind of tastes like soup? I don't know, not really my type of thing. The pan fried pork buns were one of the best I've had.. though, I usually try it from food carts and those are extremely oily and it's just a mess. But THESE! They are crispy on the bottom, just the right amount of moist and delicious filling! The seafood udon, though I was most excited about this, was probably the most disappointing. First, they are not true udon noodles and they were given to us kind of cold. The sauce is not to my liking, and I've had seafood udon at other places-- I guess every place makes it differently but this was not consistent with what I've had at 'most' places. The fried bun with chives and egg, although is a vegetarian option, is actually surprisingly delicious! It has a kick of spice in it, not sure where it came from though! Everyone raved about the beef scallion pancake, and although we opt'd out for the beef.. the regular scallion pancake is terrible! Super oily!! Of course, the highlight of this place is the soup dumpling which definitely did not disappoint. I feel like the more soup dumplings you have, the more your stomach just fiends for it haha!! Remember to get the ginger from the kitchen (by asking the waitress) if they did not already remember to bring it to your table. The concoction of ginger and vinegar mixed together and pour over the soup dumpling is orgasmic in your mouth! Overall, this place is not the best in service and one of the things I dislike most, cash only concepts, are shown here. But, the food is great for the price that you pay. It definitely wouldn't ruin your day to grab a breakfast/lunch/dinner here.
Came here Saturday for lunch. There were a lot of people waiting in line. But as previous reviews suggested, the line moves fast. About 10-15mins I was seated. I also liked the fact unlike other busy/small restaurants, they didn't ask me to share a table with a stranger just because I was by myself. I ordered cold soy milk, Beef and tripe, scallion pancake with beef, and Crab XLB (for which I was told the wait was 30-45mins. what!!???) Beef and tripe was pretty good. It was not like up to your face spicy as many other similar dishes. The kick was still there but in a much mellow and savory way. I liked this dish.Scallion pancake with beef also lived up to my expectations. Crunchy, chewy, and flaky pancake, well-seasoned beef, all held together by that black sweet/savory sauce (I believe it was Tian Mian Jiang in Chinese). Crab XLB didn't impress me as I had hoped. I blame partially on the fact that it was brought over 40mins into my lunch. By that time I was almost full and six additional heavy juicy meat buns seemed a little overwhelming. I finished them no matter what but I honestly couldn't taste much of crab part, and the meat juice was a bit fattier/oiler than Joe's Shanghai and definitely than Din Tai Fung. (Maybe my taste buds were already overloaded with MSG and spices by that time. ) Anyways everyone has a preferred style of soup dumplings. If you are into thick and chewy skinned, heavy meat juiced XLB, Nan Xiang is your BAE lolI recommend going there in a group so you can sample much more dishes without paying much. Since I went there alone, I ended up paying close to $30 (tax included) for the things ordered
Was underwhelmed- scallion beef pancakes where very oily- soup dumplings were better but not amazing.   Fast service though.
A solid 4 stars. This is my first pick for soup dumplings (Xiao long bao) in flushing. Joe's shanghai is great too but there can be a wait. For this place, I never have to wait to be seated.Nan Xiang is well known for their soup dumplings and sesame pancakes. You get 6 dumplings for $5.95 (pork) and $6.95 (crab). Their soup dumplings are great but their sesame pancakes are flippin fantastic. Personally I dislike their noodles and dumplings but everything else is great. Their service can be a real hit or miss. Usually the servers are nice but there are times when they are rude or apathetic. Despite that, many come here for good food not service.
Mediocre service.Food was ok for the price, but just tossing the food on the table and not giving me a soup spoon for a freaking order of soup dumplings, then giving me a pissed look for even asking? Wow. Then to top it all off watching the server running out the door asking for a bigger tip? I thought gratuity was 1) optional and 2)meant to indicate to your server your level of satisfaction with their performance. Customer beware!
I don't know if it was our lucky day, but everything here was perfect! The staff was super friendly and nice, as well as attentive. The food succeeded my expectations and then some!The crab and pork soup dumplings were juicy as I ever had. The skin was thin as can be, still able to grab each dumpling without piercing. The seafood noodle was filling all to itself. The soy milk goes perfect the youtiao. What else can be said, that hasn't already been said? this place is worth the trip, local or traveller!
This is a hole in the wall cheap easy in China Town you should not miss. The pork bum is really good. You won't go wrong with your order ID you like Chinese dumplings.
Came here on a Saturday night around 11:30PM. There was plenty of seating. We were served tea and ordered soup and veggie dumplings and beef scallion pancakes. Soup dumplings are flavorful. The veggie dumplings are packed with veggies. The beef in the scallion pancake was way too sweet for my liking but I would get the regular scallion pancakes again. I definitely recommend stopping by here. I shared everything with a friend and the total was around $18, so inexpensive.
Found this place by way of a cheap eats article online and it just happened to be right around the corner from our hotel. Double win. The food was perfect. You know how the best ethnic cuisine is simply flavored with great fresh ingredients and not overly complex? Well that's the perfect description for everything our family tried here. We had steamed Pork buns and pan fried dumplings along with the garlic cucumbers for appetizers.  It was all amazing but the cucumbers were my favorite. It's not always easy to find good vegetables while traveling and eating out and these were right on time. Next we had the scallion pancake. The crust was a perfection of flakiness, better than a croissant! The beef was a bit sweet for my taste but I literally have nothing to compare it to as this was my first scallion pancake ever. The flavor was good though.  Then we had the crispy noodles with seafood which surpassed all of my expectations. The fish was delightful and I almost cried when my son dropped one of the shrimp on the floor and for a second I even considered picking it up and wiping it off but thankfully I passed. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy and the sauce was light and just the right amount. The noodles were awesome too. The third dish we had was shredded beef with rice cakes and this was my favorite after the cucumbers. The flavor was a lightly smokey and the mushrooms were marinated so well I could have eaten a whole plate of them all by myself. There was little beef which I actually prefer because then I get to eat more veggies. Healthy choices people! For some reason I'd expected this dish to have a sweet sauce but was in no way disappointed when it was not sweet. The veggies in here were just right too and the only thing left on the whole table after dinner was a few bites of rice cake we were just too full to force down. My family of 4, 2 adults and 2 elementary age kids dined well here for a total of $52 which included a 20% tip. I thought that was very reasonable, and I'm an out of towner.
This is one the best authentic Chinese restaurants in Flushing. Love the seafood soup and steak vegetable dumplings. Note cash only.
Authentic, crowded and noisy Chinese restaurant with extra!  Since the reviews were so good for the dumplings and scallion pancakes that is exactly what I ordered. Me and a coworker split four dishes and left quite full. The fried pork dumpling and fried pork but was probably my favorite. Very savory and hot. My next favorite was the scallion pancake with beef. This had a complex flavor, mixing the hoisen-tasting beef with the scallion and a slightly sweet pancake holding it all together. If I could have eaten more of any of the dishes, this would have been the one. The last dish was the pork and crab dumpling. It was good but I wasn't ready for the amount of liquid inside the dumpling. I totally exploded one down my shirt. This place is obviously popular with locals and tourists. Unlike some of the other restaurants in the area, you definitely won't be the only Anglo in here. Cash only.
Worth the hype.The pork steamed buns and crab & pork steamed buns were pretty good. The soup tasted so refreshing like a hot broth and the meat was juicy and succulent. Both buns tasted the same to me. They use fresh crab, I found pieces of crab shells inside one of the buns. Skip on the Shanghai shao mei, it's just basically sticky rice filled in shao mei wrappers.. It was pretty bland compared to their soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with beef should not be missed, definitely one of the best scallion pancakes I've had in NYC. Prices are a steal for what you pay at Joe's Shanghai and anywhere else in Chinatown. Definitely recommend if you're in this area or if you never had soup dumplings.
The dumplings were delicious.  We had the vegetable, pan fried and the xiao long bao and they were all fantastic.  The service was prompt and the food staff friendly.
Honestly this place has one of the best soup dumplings I have ever tasted. It is a very welcoming place but the seats are very close together and sometimes the wait can be very long.  The food is delicious and inexpensive! I ordered the scallion pancake, three orders of soup dumplings, pork pan fried dumplings, and three sodas all for $30. The waiters did come across as a bit rude but the quick service made up for it. Great place 10/10 would go again and I'm looking forward to it.
The scallion pancake with beef was pretty tasty and very crispy. However, it was a bit thick and extremely greasy. But still I finished it because it was so good!The Xiao Long Bao was delicious and lived up to its reputation. It was really soupy and piping hot, which is something that's lacking in some other Shanghai places, and this one did not let us down. The amount of meat was slightly less than expected, but the taste and quality more than made up for it.The service was decent. Pretty quick... what else can you ask at this kind of place?
This place is nice to eat at.The food is a fair price and the taste is good.I have not  had everything on the menu but I like it.  :)
"Baby i like your style" - drakeI really like the soup dumpling style at this restaurant.    I pretty much only get that here.  Each dumpling consistently has soup which is a sign of great craftmanship
My family always comes here when we go to Flushing. The food is cheap, authentic, and delicious. In addition to the xiao long, the shumai here is one of my favorites. I haven't tasted an item off the menu that I haven't enjoyed.
This is my friends and i's go to stop for xiao long bao (soup dumplings). It can get pretty crowded so you might have to wait to be seated. However, popular as it is, I find that the flavoring of their food is pretty standard, nothing too special. I usually get the preserved cabbage with pork & noodles, which is good, and satisfies my hunger. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is that the service can be rather slow. The other day I went and had a waitress acknowledge my request to order twice, but not actually taking my order (like she looked at me waving her over and then walked away, the other time she said "ok I'll be right there" and did not come to us). I figured it was because they were busy, but it was just really annoying. Same thing when we wanted our bill, and they didn't give us our change back. It wasn't too big of a deal but I honestly wasn't trying to tip them that much (because of the slow service) so I feel like by not giving us our change they kinda robbed us of a couple bucks. We waited 10 minutes for them to bring us back the change but nothing. Of course, I didn't leave a separate tip since part of the change was supposed to be their tip. Who knows, maybe during less busy times they'll be more on top of their service.
When I'm not busy wanting to stuff my face with mac n' cheese, then I'm wanting to stuff my face with soup dumplings (or regular dumplings, once they're good!). These doughy, bag-like, morsels or joy are one of my favorite foods and I was introduced to this place after a Yelp event in Flushing where I got to stuff my face with Korean fried chicken...mmmmm.....chickennnnn...So Ingrid S, Anderson C., Roger H. and I hopped on over after a Yelp Elite Event and after we worked up an appetite after an unofficial Yelp afterparty karaoke extravaganzaaaaaa! Anderson ordered a yummy looking soupy soup, Ingrid ordered their beef udon noodles (I tried them and thought they were pretty good!) and to share we ordered a scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings and pan-fried pork buns.The udon noodles were hearty and full of flavor. The scallion pancake definitely is high on my list of scallion pancakes every consumed. They were crispy, had a nice texture and weren't too greasy. The soup dumplings were really fantastic. The skin was nice and thin and once I bit a tiny hole in and went for it there was a party in my mouth.The pan-fried pork buns were larger than I thought they would be and they were really succulent and awesome. MAN, I wish I had 1 to eat right now, lol. I'm rarely out in this part of town because commuting here isn't exactly a joyful experience, however I would totally come back to gobble up more food here!*_________________________________________________* Nan Xiang Dumpling House is a Cash Only establishment, so come prepared to shell out some paper. Lucky for you, they're super cheap - yay!
Not authentic food. Not shanghai nan xiang xiao long.Too much soup in the dumpling.The first sip is bland. Then the after taste is too salty.
Little round balls of pork, pork fat, and more pork fat. I would eat here every single day if I could do so without dying.
This place is open late and is known for their homemade dumplings. No cards are accepted. We wanted their homemade dumplings, but at 3pm they said they had no more. The place is big and the service was fast, but not very friendly (typical for asian restaurants).So we ordered the Shu Mai, crab meat dumpling and pan fried dumpling. The food was just alright. The crab dumpling was the highlight as the dumpling had soup inside. I never had that before. Eating it was like a bit of wonton soup in one. The Shu Mai was a little different and was made with sweet rice. We didn't like that one at all. The pan fried dumpling was just like pot stickers. The meat did not fill the the entire dumpling dough so it was mediocre. It wasn't the best chinese place and I'm not sure what the rave is all about for this place. You can skip this on your list, you won't be missing anything.
I have been here 10+ times and half of those times, we've had to flag down a waiter. One time, the waiter forgot to give our order to the kitchen. The crab and pork soup dumplings are good. Don't care much for anything else.
It was worth the drive from LGA airport. Roughly 20 minutes away, another China town! Service is terrible as usual with great food selection. I would choose this over Joe's! Cash only! Their crab xiao long bao is so fresh tasting even when it's a seafood choice. Scallion pan cake is a bit of a let down. Not as crispy or warm.
Was hungry for some soup dumplings and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat. Service is pretty fast. Food are all priced pretty fairly. We went family styled and ordered a bunch of large dishes. Plenty of seating inside.
I keep coming back to this dumpling house every month! This place obviously has the best soup dumplings. We ordered Pork Soup Dumplings, all in its flavorful and juicy glory. Since I'm a tripe lover, we also got the Spicy Beef and Tripe. It's a cold dish, both spicy and sweet. If you can handle heavily fried food, the Scallion Pancake w/ Sliced Beef is really good as well. It's fried to a crisp, but the pancake remains chewy and the beef remains fresh.We came in during dinner time on Sunday and were immediately seated. I've waited up to 20 minutes during lunch time before, but it's worth it. The small dishes range from $4~$7 (between 2 people, 3-4 small dishes is pretty filling). Will definitely come back for some more.
I've been to Joe's Shanghai and their food has unfortunately slipped a lot in over the years. Nan Xiang easily beats them in terms of quality and price. I ordered the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes with beef. With just a touch of soy sauce and chili oil, I was in heaven. Come here for authentic, delicious and affordable Chinese food.
The food is excellent here.  I highly recommend the Salty soybean milk, fried scallion pancakes, and of course, steamed pork soup dumplings. These are all very tasty and satisfying, and I will plan to be back in the future.   However, the service was subpar.  One waitress spilled stuff multiple times, but later on the service was better.
It's not nice at all to force customers to pay tipsLast time they forced me to pay $46 tips And the food was nasty
My favorite soup dumpling spot and is cash only btw! I always get their soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. My other favorite is the pan fried dumplings. The food is definitely worth the cheap prices! It can get pretty packed on the weekends and at night so there may be a wait outside sometimes, but usually there isn't a problem waiting for a table.
This is the best soup dumpling in NYC. Don't agree? Fight me.If you come during brunch-type hours, there may be a wait. Otherwise, you're probably good to go, and soup dumplings are good ANY TIME. Brunch dumpling bastards.Totally no frills, no f*cking around kinda joint. No extended menu, no large format dishes. Just dumplings and a few standards, which are almost all spectacular.You will get - Pork and crab soup dumplings (called "buns" on the menu) - the thinnest skin of any soup dumplings I've ever had in NYC, full to near bursting with atomically heated soup. Tastes just like your mother never made, that cold, cold woman. You will get two orders of this.Scallion Pancake (preferably with beef) - This is not like any scallion pancake you've ever had. This is like some other ballpark sh*t. The only comparable experience with the dish I've ever had is at Little Pepper, which is much more dense and less flaky. Kind of opposite sides of the scallion pancake spectrum, with this side on the "large and crispy" side. Exemplary.Scallion Noodle - Nothing like your typical takeout noodle. Fresh noodles, no peanut butter, minimal sauce, which is buried at the bottom and must be mixed in (if you don't, they will attempt to do it for you, which is delightful and did kind of make my friend want to learn how to say "I'm not an idiot, you know" in Mandarin).These are must orders, and you are not to disobey me in getting them. If you don't, I'LL KNOW.Rice cakes are also a good order, and perfectly serviceable, but if you want to know the secret quarter mile dumpling morning/evening/brunch bastard. Do this: Soup dumplings at Nanxiang, then hot oil wontons at White Bear, then design your own at Tianjin in the Golden Shopping Mall.See how nice life is when you just DO WHAT I SAY?
I'm super hungry and ready to feast like a tyrant ! This place is super inexpensive with great quality of food ready for your tummy. #Clean #AmazingStaff
We were all so happy that they expanded their space. More seating means less crazy out the door lines although that can still happen regardless. Fast service and delicious food. Fried dumplings, soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, noodles, fresh soy milk ... seriously, it doesn't matter what you order, it's all awesomely delicious. You will leave here with a smile on your face and a full stomach.
I usually come here for their Xiao Long Bao, fried eggs and chives, and their killer dumplings. Their crab Xiao Long Bao is out of this world, I actually prefer this place than the beloved Joe Shanghai. There's something mesmerizing about those little pocket of meats and soup wrapped in a thin-steamed dough. Best part, they're inconsistent with their food every-damn-time -- probably why they're Michelin rated. Summary: come here for their dim sum and xiao long bao. If you're going to order any noodles and dishes ask them to go easy on the cooking oil. Their a little heavy handed here.
I love this place! When I went to eat soup dumplings here, it was busy inside. When I was leaving, there was a line going outside! They have the best crispy and soft scallion pancakes in Flushing and the best soup dumplings. I highly recommend this place.
My dad always cooked Shanghai-style food so I used to go to Nan Xiang all the time to remember that taste from my childhood. I would get soup dumplings, Shanghai rice cakes, scallion pancakes, wonton soup (although I asked for it without all the seaweed in the broth) and some cold appetizers. And theeeennn.. I stopped eating meat and so I stopped going to Nan Xiang because I was sad I wouldn't be able to get my favorite dishes.  However, last week I caved in and went back- and I'm so glad I did because it turns out they have a bunch of on-menu AND OFF-MENU vegetarian options I didn't notice or know about before. So if you're vegetarian, vegan, scared of meat from unknown sources, or just looking for a great dish- here's my three favorites:Scalion PancakesSoy Peas, Cabbage, and Shredded Bean Curd (cold appetizer)Rice Cake with Vegetable (not listed on menu, but just ask for it, it's awesome- I actually enjoy it more than the version I used to have with meat)They also have a whole bunch of vegetarian options I want to try in future visits, like the turnip puffs, vegetable noodle soup, steamed vegetable dumplings, pan fried noodles with vegetable, and crispy noodle with vegetable (ok these last two aren't listed on the menu, but if they have off-menu rice cakes with vegetables they probably have these off-menu as well). So... ask for what you want, even if it's not written!
The terribly inconvenient location, lack of parking, inconsistent service, and scuzzy bathroom, are almost worth bearing for the sublime dumplings (both pan fried and soup dumplings).  The scallion pancake with sliced beef was greasy but also very crisp and tasty.  You can't eat very much of it, but it's worth trying.  The seafood crispy noodles were my least favorite dish, but man cannot live on dumpling alone.  Getting back to that bathroom...there wasn't a scrap of paper in there--TP or hand towel, now was there any hand soap.  I lasted a waiter for toilet paper and was given a single paper napkin from one of ten dining tables.  Wth is up with that?  If the bathrooms are gross, the kitchen cleanliness is suspect.  I wanted Shanghai cuisine, not Shanghai bathroom accommodations.
It's a great place regarding the flavor of the served foods. You may also adjust to your taste with some condiment on the tables. We have tried the Pork Dumplings, which they have to be made to order so they will arrive after other items ordered. Be careful as they contain very hot juices inside. Udon if you like noodles are a great choice. Spicy beef and tripe (this is a cold dish) also great. Scallion and beef pancake also another decent choice. This is a quick (after you're seated) in and out establishment. You patronize it for the food and the reasonably money paid. Nothing fancy and your seat might be very close to the person next to you, not to mention the dishes ordered do not fit on the table. No interaction with the waiter personnel. They do not want to answer questions, they give one word answer if it's even the correct answer. They only want to know what are you about to order.When a place is this busy (it open at 8 am and closes 16 hours later) they dictate how they run it. No need to greet and be sweet and... also not afraid to say: CASH ONLY
This place is amazing. The best and affordable Soup Dumpling restaurant in all of NY. Better than the places in chinatown or the rest of flushing. Besides the soup dumplings, the pan friend noodles, the beef noodle soup, and scallion pancakes are nice additions to the yummy soup dumplings. The price is also really cheap and all types of people love to eat here. The number of ratings and near 5 stars is really true because I have yet to find someone to dislike this place. Parking will be difficult because of the large population and traffic in the heart of flushing but this place is always worth the trip
Honestly, normal Xiao Long Bao much better than Ding Tai Fung. Soup taste stronger than Ding Tai Fung.  Strongly recommend if miss Xiao Long Bao.
In NYC, speaking of soup dumplings, it eventually comes down to either Nan Xiang or Joe's. Unlike Joe's, however, they are not just about soup dumplings. Their other food are also good.
The food here is really authentic and I actually enjoy their small menu options. The XLB here is good but I wouldn't say it's the best. I would give this place 4 star but their customer service sucks and the workers acted like they didn't even want to help us take order or bring food out.
Nan Xiang is a very well known spot for soup dumplings  in Queens. The place has very convenient hours with availability of a lot of the items even late night. I have to try and go during the day to compare but things are what I expected. The service is very prompt as was seating. They give you time to look at the menu because they know people will probably want something in addition to the xiao long bao. I was escorted to the other side of the eating area as were most of the late night customers. The dumplings were very good. This spot is great to go with your friends or if you want something to bring back home to eat later on.
This did not live up to all the hype behind it. I have given this two chances, and I will not be coming back here. The first time I came here, I got salty tofu soup, fried crullers, and the scallion pancakes with beef. The salty tofu soup was slightly curdled and had a very sour taste. The scallion pancakes with beef were extremely oily. After eating only one slice, I left with heartburn. The second time I came here, we ordered soup dumplings, fried gluten, rice cakes with beef, scallion pancakes, and the fried soup dumplings. Everything was subpar. The fried gluten was the highlight of the meal, and there are definitely places with better food and fried gluten to go to. Nan Xiang is supposed to be famous for their soup dumplings, but I found myself wanting more flavor from them. The flushing food court down the road has much better soup dumplings than here. The rice cakes with beef didn't have too much flavor and the scallion pancakes were just as greasy as the first time I ordered them.
Definitely a must when visiting Flushing.  Been here a couple times so far and it never disappoints.  Be prepared to not be seated right away... good things come to those who wait!
Nan Xiang is a great place to grab soup dumplings now. Its a definite go-to place to introduce someone to this type of cuisine. It's nice that they make the soup dumplings right in front. The best thing to get there is the crab soup dumplings. I occasionally go there for Taiwanese style breakfast, but its a bit too frustrating to come to flushing in the mornings.
Been at Nan Xiang only two times. The first time I had the pork soup dumplings and the pork&crab soup dumplings. They were okay, nothing to rave about or go crazy over. Just regular soup dumplings. The second time I was there, we never got our order. My friend and I placed a big order of soup dumplings. We waited for about 20 minutes which is kind of expected, right? Soup dumplings need to be made and steamed on the spot, so we didn't mind waiting for some fresh soup dumplings. We eventually asked the waitress to know how much longer it would take because we were starving. She told us it would be coming soon. We waited for about another 20 minutes to eventually find out the order was never put in. Maybe it was too busy? It would've been another 15 minute or so for them to get us our order, so we decided to leave. Hopefully if I'm ever in the area again I will try them again. Maybe the third time will be the charm, hopefully it will be enough for a much better rating.
Amazing dumplings and Udon noodles! The place looks like a hole in the wall but one of the most popular spots in Queens, all the locals come here.
Excellent Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing's Chinatown. We have been here a few times but this first for brunch. It's always packed and has a line---even at 9:30 am!We ordered a bunch of food. Everything was really good. I think this place is much better than the ones in Manhattan Chinatown, including Joe Shanghai. The soup dumplings are awesome. The spicy beef tripe was good... There are some interesting dishes that I haven't tried before, such as the scallion pancake wrapped meat pie. The wontons were yummy too.No matter when you come just be prepared to wait. Parking is a mess so be patient. It's also a trek to get here via train if you are coming in from Manhattan. Plan to do other stuff in the area to maximize your trip.Check out my pics of our brunch!
Excellent dim sum and xiao long bao! The major tip I can give here is to come EARLY and avoid the horrible wait given it's very popular. If possible, come at 11am if it's a Sunday. The restaurant itself is rather large and although they have normal sized tables in the first room, they have a side room with long tables that can accommodate over 10 people, which is nice. Oh, they also forget dishes if you don't remind them, so make sure to call to their attention certain dishes if there is a lag, or your xiaolongbao already came out, which usually takes the longest to prepare. 1. Kao fu: One of the better ones I've had. The spongy portion tasted fresh, and the mushrooms were good. It's on the sweeter side.2. Xiaolongbao: Better than Joe's Shanghai by far, it's probably among the best I've had in New York. It's still not as good as Ding Tai Feng, but it's quite satisfying. Get an order of the pork as well as the crab.3. Beans and tofu: Quite refreshing and delicious, it's a healthy portion that they serve. The beans are fresh. 4. Cold soy milk: People get the hot or salty soy milk, but with all the hot dishes, I need a cold drink. This hit the spot. I still dipped the fried dough into my cup. 5. Wood ear mushrooms: Love this dish! It's nice and crunchy. If you've never had this, you may get put off by the texture though.6. Pan-fried pork dumplings: Amazingly delicious. This is a must-get here.7. Scallion pancake: Really well done. It's a slightly thicker version than what they serve at most places, but it'll be among the most flavorful you've had.8. Fried dough: Always a classic, this is not for everyone. In fact, I'm not sure non-native Chinese food eaters will likely this given it's greasy and really just dough. Make sure to dip it in soy milk for the sweet combo.9 Chive veggie dumplings: I'm not a huge fan of chives, but people ordered it, so I tried it. It's decent.Again, make sure you come early to avoid the hour-long wait.
Overrated. Went here this morning with my dad. Ordered the scallion pancake that everyone raves about. It arrived as an oily, greasy , spongy thing with no flavor and a sprinkle of scallion. We also ordered the pan fried pork buns, they looked delicious, however, this too had no flavor. It was mostly dough , and inside was a small ball of ground pork, unseasoned. Yuck. Do not waste your time here, unless you enjoy paying $15 for fried , salty dough.
Obsessed with their crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, scallion pancake with beef, crispy noodles and cold appetizers (jelly fish isn't worth it). Service is hit or miss but I don't really care bc the food is so good.
Always my favorite place for Xiao Long Bao, I used to lived in upstate NY and always went here whenever I came down to NYC. And since I moved to CA, I always have to come here whenever I am back to the NYC. The crab Xiao Long Bao is the best, really juicy and tasty,
My go-to a few years ago used to be Joe Shang Hai for soup dumplings but never again after some friends introduced me to this nearby spot! I usually don't enter places that seem overly cultured, so I always passed by this spot thinking it was some extremely asian food spot for family friends of the restaurant.. but boy was I wrong.Soup dumplings, crispy noodles, soups. Almost everything I had was always consistent and great on taste. Very flavorful soup dumplings and can't forget to mention the quickness and PRICE (very fair).Actually because this place was so good, I was motivated to try the shops surrounding it and each one of them have a uniqueness to them. Definitely recommended for family, friends from out of town, and just a hangout!
was very good. It better be or they wouldnt stay in Business. Had dinner here before I went to the rooftop lounge .Solid meal for chinese food.would definitely recommend
They have some vegan stuff here. The veggie dumplings are totally vegan, no eggs. They have veggie noodle soup, udon noodles you can ask to have no meat, and I really enjoyed their cold dish, cucumber with garlic. Their scallion pancakes are pretty good, crispy and basic. :)
The food is good,  but they need to work on new systems.  Trying to get everyone to eat on the schedule is silly. If it is the only way to get the dumplings I then set up designated seating times. Currently,  if you happen to walk in and miss the seating time you are basically waiting outside until the next round even if they have empty tables.  Ridiculous.
Arrived in Chinatown wanted some crab dumplings.  I called ahead for 2 orders to place an order for pick up.  They told me 25 mins.  I went there in exactly 25 mins they told me they did not receive my order.  I showed them my recent calls on my phone.  The rude hostess insisted she did not know who took the order.  I am sure there are better places for dumplings in queens. Definitely do not recommend.
So I have been coming for years since I'm in the neighborhood but tonight was just a shock. My husband is white. They sat us down and proceeded to ignore us. I motioned for someone to take our order three times. The sullen faced male walked away and didn't bother to take out a pad and proceeded to wait on customers who came in after us. He motioned for a female to write down the order. When the order finally arrived they put mine in front of my husband and vice versa. I asked the waiter to switch it around. He walked away so I had to lift two boiled bowls of noodles with my hands and burned my thumbs. I would note the place wasn't busy and we were the only mixed race couple in the place and all the waiters were rude to us. First thing Tues we are marching to the human rights commission. Sad in this day and age a restaurant in Flushing would still do this to mixed race couples. No matter how good the food the service is unacceptable.
Two thumbs up. My faves are the Xiao long bao (can't beat 6 for $5.95) and the beef rolled in scallion pancake. Also great, the beef tendon - the Szechuan peppercorn is very prominent. We always come when we land or before we take off since Flushing is so close to LGA.Cash only.
This is the favorite breakfast place！The price is friendly，and the food are really Chinese style！ Xiao Long Bao is my first recommend！inside with pork meat，juice and delicious！Higher recommend people who likes Chinese food must try this place！
I would come back just for the dumplings and scallion pancakes. The soup was just okay, the broth was not anything crazy, but the beef was cooked perfectly, it just melted in my mouth. The soup dumpling were excellent, delicate, and very tasty. The scallion pancakes were also great, very crispy and not soggy at all. They had that great onion taste you expect from them. But they did not give us that scallion pancake sauce that they normally come with. Nice find.
Ok let's start with the fact that it took about 20 min for a waitress to pay attention to us and when she did she was pretty rude. Then after we ordered someone was cleaning the bathrooms and the entire restaurant smelled like bleach, gross. The food came pretty quick. We got the soup dumplings which were ok, they stick to the roof of your mouth so be careful. Then we got the dumplings in peanut sauce which were also ok I think I liked them better than the soup dumplings. We got the beef scallion pancakes which were good and came with a delicious plum sauce but it was so oily that I didn't feel good about myself after. We also got the udon noodles with beef which was nothing special. The noodles were thick and dry and there was barely any beef which we had to pay extra for. This place really didn't impress me and I prob won't be back.
Cheap Shanghainese food, great XL soup dumpling, soy milk, and Green Onion Pancake. Cold chicken is great too. But don't expect any service.
The Short: Good prices (most dishes below $10), My go-to place for xiao long bao, soup noodles are inconsistent, garlic cucumbers are good. Quick service and lines move fast.The Long:I've been her a number of times with friends and family.  The Xiao long bao are always consistent and my favorite part of the meal.  Always fresh and juicy, with a little thicker skin (compared to Din Tai Fung) but I almost like better since they are less likely to pop.   I would go to this place over Joe's Shanghai (less of wait and I think the Xiao long bao taste better.) The soup noodles are inconsistent.  Sometimes the soups are bland such as the beef with pepper soup noodle and pork chop soup noodle.  The sides are good. I usually get the green onion pancake and garlic cucumbers (my favorite).  Shanghai stir fried noodle is good as well. The service is also inconsistent.  Sometimes they bring you double of an order (if you're lucky) or sometimes they will forget something.  Just depends on how busy they are.  But then again, it is a chinese restaurant, so what do you expect? Overall, good food (maybe stay away from some of the soup noodles) at a good price.
Great xiao long bao! The noodles are ok, but the pancake with the beef is delicious! Parking suks though.
My favorite xiao long bao place in Flushing ^_^ definitely like it more than Joe's because it's less oily and the skin is thicker/doughier.I usually also get the fried udon-- good but nothing special,If you've never had shanghainese breakfast before, I definitely recommend trying it out!I get the salty soybean milk (warm soybean milk with salty pickled greens, fried dough, fried shrimp, etc. -- very flavorful and my favorite shanghainese breakfast option!), scallion pancake with sliced beef, & salty riceroll (pork floss (rousong), fried dough, salty pickled greens rolled into rice). I prefer the salty options over the sweet options because the salty options have a lot more going on (sweet soybean milk is just sweetened soybean milk with no toppings or anything. sweet riceroll is just fried dough, sugar).
Screw Joe's Shanghai. Nan Xiang beats Joe's by like, an infinity. When I think, "Omg. I need soup dumplings in my bell-ay!," I immediately go, "Nan Xiang, all the way." I remember my first time here with my family and us waiting on this long-ass line out the door. Eating too quickly and disregarding the idea of 'delayed gratification', my tongue burned on savory dumpling broth. I just kept on eating though because it was just that good. Every time I arrive here, I order crab and pork soup dumplings as well as pork and cabbage noodle soup. The dumplings are, of course, plump and on the verge of exploding with juicy broth. Their soup is like the traditional ones my mother makes, so naturally I feel right at home when I take my first sip. This broth is generously loaded with scallions and tender chunks of pork. bit.ly/1Bllo7s bit.ly/1yxqknGThe last time I went here though, my bestie and I also ordered their scallion bbq beef pancakes on a whim. Whoa, these are sinfully good. The best way I can describe them is...moist and tender pieces of beef wrapped in crispy yet soft scallion pancakes. If you ever order from this dumpling house, these are a must-have!! Come here with your friends and your family because everyone will be satisfied (by those crab&pork soup dumplings). I promise.
Nan Xiang is probably one of the most famous names in soup dumplings in China.  I'm not sure if this particular location is related to those locations based on the name, but overall it's likely the best place for Soup Dumplings in the North East.  I personally prefer the crab meat soup dumplings and it's about all that I order.  I believe that it is cash only, so be prepared with cash in hand.  Save yourself the headache of finding street parking and park at the city parking lot. It doesn't cost much and its a relatively quick walk over! I've also sampled some of their other dishes when I had a Muslim friend with me who couldn't eat pork.  I would basically not recommend much on the menu that isn't a soup dumpling.  Basically walk in with a wad of cash, order dumplings, preferably crab meat.  Don't bother ordering other stuff.  Eat dumplings when they come out.  Simple as that.
Not gonna lying. The noodles taste like shit and the workers there are sucks. You have to pay tips even tho they're ignore you on purpose I would not go back even again.
This place has horrible service, every time you ask them for something they give you an attitude. We asked one of the waitress to put in an order for us and she didn't even acknowledge us and continue to scroll through her phone. I only came here for the soup dumplings but this will be my last trip.
Very authentic, delicious Chinese food at an incredible price. You're able to order a few varied things from the menu and leave feeling full and satisfied at a modest cost. Very convenient location near public transportation.
Average food. Below average service. Food took a long time to come. No ice and cold drinks are lukewarm. Was disappointed. Never coming back to this restaurant.
Didn't understand the hype and the long wait. The soup dumplings were very gamey and other dishes were way too salty.
My go-to spot for great soup dumplings. I always get both the pork and the pork/crab meat dumplings and man are they the bomb. The dough is soft and chewy and the fillings are so tasty and savory.Other really notable dishes:- Beef scallion pan cake: Tender beef  wrapped in a crispy scallion pancake.- Rice cake with pork.- Shanghai Pan-fried Udon- Chicken with wine sauceThey have a good breakfast selection as well with their hot/cold soy bean milk and congee. There's a lot of seating here but the down side is that they only accept cash. Food comes out very quickly and they're opened late so give this place a try! I highly recommend it.
2 stars only because the food is still the best, but be prepared for the worst customer service of your life. I've been going to this place for years, and I've seen the employees bring this establishment to the ground. Go to shanghai you garden instead! You get an order of free soup dumplings, if you order more than $10.
Literally the best soup dumplings that money can buy there is no better place that i have ever been prices are fair and food is always delicious have never had a bad thing on there menu and have never had to send anything back great place to go with friends and family
This place has amazing Xiao Long Bao! We were researching places to get XLB in New York and all our sources pointed to this place as the place to go. The XLB's were cheap but very big (unlike Din Tai Fung). Unlike some places that I've been to, the wrap itself was thin so you most tastes the soup and stuffing. I wasn't a fan of the crispy noodles and the shiao mai but I think I came to an understanding that I don't really like shiao mai anyway..
Great dim sum place. Reasonable price outstanding taste. It was beyond my expectation. Even though ordering food was hard bcs of language barrier but I forgot about it after the meal served.
There are so many reviews on this place, so there isn't a whole lot more I could add here.  It's a pretty good place, but nothing to go crazy about.  Of course come for the soup dumplings.  Everything was just okay.
Absolutely love this place.Have been a customer here for years and have never left disappointed!Always, always, always, get the pork soup dumplings!Can't wait till winter!
Tried to eat at Joe's shanghai twice this weekend but the line was about "45 mins" (which is really Chinese code for "there is no discernible way to ever know I you'll ever be seated"). Came out to flushing and would highly, highly recommend this place (not that it needs any more reviews). Bomb xlb and steamed pork buns and scallion pancake wrapped beef (literally translated as "beef rolled up pancake").Service was solid (which is much more than you can ask from 99% of Asian restaurants). Super positive experience that will make the trek out to flushing not seem awful.
The xiao long boa is super juicy, the pork alone is better than the one combined with crab, they don't put enough in but for a small hint of crab flavor. The pork by itself is more flavorful. The scallion pancakes were great. The pan fried pork boa was too doughy for my taste, it overpowered the meat inside. Definitely coming back, it's worth the long ride
For the price you get 6 XLB and it is really delish!! The wait is a bit long but hey.. they have to make it fresh! Also i do enjoy ordering their udon stir fry noodles.. Greasy but delish!!Expect a wait when you go later during the day or on the weekend.. Cozy restaurant with great food.. what would you expect?
I actually don't know why this place is so popular. I mean yeah they have decent dumplings and your typical Chinese dim sum varieties but that's kind of it. The wait wasn't as long as I thought it would be. We were seated right away. But the hostess up front that gave us our card number really made me want to not eat there..lol. She just thew me the card and that was that. But anyway....In terms of size it's quite small but can fit a handful of people. The food came out quick as well. Pan-Fried Udon was pretty solid. The Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup was not spicy at all though. I liked the noodles that I believe they make themselves, but it was a pretty boring dish. The scallion pancake was not bad though. Pretty decent food here and there but nothing I'd rave about. Maybe it was just a bad day? The soup dumplings has really weird tasting meat. I've tried much better. Bottom line is- I probably won't come back, but some stuff here really are good though. Maybe we just chose the wrong stuff.
Nan xiang is one of the best places for soup dumplings. The waiters are a little eh but its a fast pace restaurant so they might not always be so attentive. Scallion pancakes and their crispy noodles are also top notch.
I found this place through Yelp. I went for a quick dinner with my son on the way to LaGuardia. Really cool place. Decor is nothing fancy- but the food was very good. Reminded me of all the flavors I enjoy when I travel to Hong Kong. Will def be going back!
I heard about this place from online, where everyone seemed to have something good to say, so i definitely arrived with some very high expectations. Friends that had been before told me the scallion pancakes were a must order as well as the namesake xiao long baos or soup dumplings. The wait time is the first complaint I have. A few friends and I arrived at around 12, with plans for a quick light lunch. Were weren't seated until 1, which is absolutely absurd. I dont think an hour wait time should be justifiable for any joint no matter how tasty the food. We were seated immediately however and after ordering, the food came out promptly. Overall, the food didn't quite live up to the hype that was built around it. Dont get me wrong, it was definitely tasty, however i was definitely expecting a little more, especially considering the hour wait time. Might come back here again if i'm in the area.
I thought first was not going to eat anything in flushing after the elite event but since we basically ate desserts first and not a real meal, it was Time for food. There were three separate section to this restaurant,  some other yelpers got here earlier but my party of three came here just ready to eat. The choices we made I think were great decisions.The food ordered was Pan fried Dumplings  (6), and it came with just the right crisp on the skin, Shanghai Shao Mai which was really good even though I didn't really know what it was. The other choices were Steamed Pork Bun and Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don. Actually loved everything,  Pan Fried U-Don came with bakchoy  and that might have been my favorite. I recommend the place and hope to get back soon. Reasons to come here are so many, hopefully get a nice table,  maybe get there early.
Best soup dumpling place. I believe this place is better than joes shanghai in their flushing and Chinatown location. I always get the steamed pork puns, crispy seafood noodles, and the scallion pancakes with sliced beef. You must try all 3, it's always my go to when coming here. I've also tried the pork buns once which were also delicious. The foods always perfect, best comfort food, and flavorful. I think they have the best pork soup dumplings compared to joes because the dumpling skin isn't too thin and doesn't pop so easily and the flavor in general is better tasting to me. The service here is quick and efficient. If you're coming here on a weekend, expect a wait because the place gets packed. The first place to pop into my head if I'm craving soup dumplings (:
Excellent as usual - service is super fast, food is cheap and outstanding, will definitely be back.
My go-to place on quickie XLB's and Karfu if I'm not near Little Neck; otherwise, I go to Little Dumpling.
Normally this place is a 5/5 for its xiao long baos. It has the best baos in flushing. Here's why this place lost 4 stars:The service here is always a hit or miss. Sometimes they are on top of their shit and gets us our food within 10 minutes. However, that wasn't the case today. We ordered beef noodles and that came relatively quick (within 5 minutes of ordering). BUTTT the Xiao Long Baos took over 40 minutes (I know this because i was able to collect from the pokestop 8 times). Granted that today is Labor Day and it's pretty packed, that is no excuse for slacking off and forgetting about a customer. In addition, when asked where our food was and why customers that came later than us received their food first, the waiter replied with a snarky remark. "Sorry it is taking so long. You can either wait quietly for your food, or leave." Sigh. All I wanted was some good xiao long baos....
I haven't such a good and well priced food in a while. The food is really oily but still so good. Particularly loved the udon noodles.
My boyfriend and I ordered the beef & tripe along with a pork and crabmeat xiao long bao. The service was "meh" compared to other restaurants in the area. The servers just came, took your order, served your food, and you wouldn't see them again until the bill. The food was also "okay" (I've had better). I would save my money and go to the ones in the Manhattan Chinatown.
Where most people go to the infamous Joe's... This place is comparable. Especially it is much more convenient to get a seat since Chinatown is in the city and parking is hard to find. Started off with an Edamame, dry hot chilli, tofu medley which was quite spicy. Followed by a sesame oil, cilantro, cucumber slaw and kimchi tofu. The place is decent sized and the staff was nice. The decor is nothing to brag about honestly but that is not something expect from a Chinese spot in NY... You should expect great food! The Soup Dumplings were definitely delicious. I did find that broth might be a little heavier than Joe's (I noticed visible clumps of pork fat)... But that definitely added to the "soup" taste I was looking for.I tried the pork but the crabmeat was Amazing! I would also suggest the chopped veggies as well... It definitely helped cleanse the palette in between the heavier pork and crabmeat.If you're looking for some dumplings and want to compare it to Joe's reign... Give this place a shot.Fairly priced as well!!!!
Best xiao long bao in my opinion. The skin is thicker compared to others I've had, like Joe's Shanghai, but I actually prefer it that way. The filling is very tasty and there's enough soup to fill your spoon. I find that their quality is very consistent.They also have a really crispy scallion pancakes that are cut up into triangles. Their fried rice cakes are pretty good too. The sauce is thick and makes the cakes sticky in a good way. The only issue is that it ends up making my mouth sticky too.The only gripe I have with this place is that they only have two single bathrooms and they can get quite busy so if you need your tea refilled, you gotta ask.Also they are cash only.
After watching Eddie Huang's video about this place, I knew I had to go and never return to Joe's Shanghai. Met up a friend in Flushing and we went here around 3:45pm for a late lunch/early dinner. There was no wait but an hour later there were lines forming. They give out hot tea during the winter so that's a plus! We ordered pork soup dumplings, Shanghai pan fried udon noodles, and scallion pancake with sliced beef. The soup dumplings are waaaay better here than at Joe's hands down. The flavor is more prevalent. The pan fried udon noodles were okay, I could easily pass up on it next time. But their scallion pancake with sliced beef was super delicious. The beef inside was flavorful and tender. Went so well with the crispy pancake. 10/10 would go again! Also, CASH ONLY!
Excellent food. Highly recommend soup dumpling, pan fried udon and scallion pancake with beef. I've never waited for service here, and is some of the best food I've had in flushing. Less overwhelming than the food courts, and a little less crowded than Joe's Shanghai.
My boyfriend and I went in during lunch time on a Saturday. It was pretty busy, but we still got a table. They served us hot tea right away, and we ordered the Pork and the Crab Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), Rice cake with Shredded Chicken, and Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef. Everything here is delicious and authentic. Have you seen those ladies in the dumpling hut?!!!! They aint messin' around!!!! The soup dumplings have a nice thin skin, the flavor of the filling is very balanced, and the broth is very light and flavorful. Caution: the broth is scorching hot - so give it a vinegar bath!! "Don't be a Hooligan!"- Eddie "Clown Ninja" Huang (VICE)The scallion pancake has a crispy outside and is filled with sliced beef shank. There is a hint of sweetness from the hoisin sauce. If i could eat these everyday I WOULD. **** CASH ONLY ****Pros: THE FOOD, authentic, food comes out quick and HOTCons: Wait Staff expects ordering fast (just say if you need more time)Overall, all the food is FANTASTIC! The soup dumplings should make any best of New York list.
Soup dumplings, very good...No ice for drinks on 90+ degree dayCold beef, pig intestines plate had raw beef on bottom, couldn't replace. Didn't get to finish.Got a cold tofu dish...OKService terrible, no manners, tea and water, dropped on the table and walks away!Tough to get waitress' attention.Scallion pancakes, very good, crispy, fresh, filling, tasty, and big portions.Service Sucks, food is good. Parking is a nightmare@
Always bring my non Asia friends here! Great food, with many vegetarian options as well if you can't eat the traditional soup dumplings! Also price is great!
Soup dumplings are excellent, just as good if not better than Joe's Shanghai.  The edamame and pickled vegetable appetizer was perfect balance of salty, crunchy, sweet, and refreshing.
Honestly not bad. Food is good. Service pretty fast for a tiny restaurant. Honestly I would recommend this for families. It's quiet cheap as well.
Not sure what to think- came here on a rainy Wednesday night and was excited because I thought "great, it won't be crowded, they might take their time with the food". The food WAS good but i don't know!!! Maybe because of all the hype I expected more?We got scallion pancake, 2 orders of soup dumplings, one pork, one crab and pork and the Shanghai udon noodles. Soup dumplings: flavor was good (def skip plain pork and go straight to crab variety) but many stuck together and broke even as we ohhhh so gently picked them up. Very sad :( the skin wasn't that thin that they should be breaking.Scallion pancake: delish- not too oily but could use more scallion flavor- dipped in chili oil and chilies it was good Noodles: boyfriend loved these. The noodles were good and tender with nice Bok Choy mixed in (although would have liked more vegetables). They also came with meat when we asked for only vegetables but that wasn't a big deal. Not too saucy, a little hint of spice. Was good. Everything was good, just not worth the hype. Which isn't their fault??? I don't know!!
I feel like with every time I come here, my review drops half a star, which is really unfortunate. I will attest to the fact that I will take Nan Xiang's soup dumplings over Joe's Shanghai any day, but can we do something about the random bits of crab shell that I have to keep picking out??The broth is much thinner and clearer here and I like that the skin is not too thick. Maybe next time I'll have just the pork dumplings instead of the combo crab and pork to avoid any possibility of shells and have a better experience. :(
The place was busy and line was all the way out the door.  make sure to go inside and grab a ticket first if you see that when you are there.  The wait definitely was worth it in my option.  It was first time been there and the food was great.  I ordered their signature xiao long bao (steam pork bun) obviously.  It was not the style I like but it was good.  (this is the one with the wonton looking skin)  My wife ordered a Beef chowmein by mistake (thinking it a noodle soup type)  but she end up loving it.  I forgot what other small dish/appetizer I got but it all end up well.  I totally will revisit this place again when I get the chance.
This is a great place for soup dumplings if you want a change from Joe's Shanghai. Unfortunately it still does have lines like Joe's, but I think it's less popular and not as much of a tourist attraction - so worth checking out if you don't want to wait as long.Scallions pancakes were great. Can taste the scallions and not super doughy.  Crispy and somewhat oily, worked really well with the dip. Pork soup dumplings. I think these are on par with Joe's. They are a suitable alternative.  As always don't burn your tongue on the soup, as its deceivingly hot!Pork buns - did not like these, overdose of flour and way little meat.  Don't recommend. Prices weren't too bad here, but they definitely do not try to price competitively. Feels like there's a standard as to how much soup dumplings cost, around $6-7 for one basket of 6. All the establishment gotta be making a pretty high profit margin on this dish!Really wish they would bring ding tai feng over to ny because that is definitely several levels of taste and quality above any soup dumpling I've had in NY.  They did a small pop up in flushing's Sheraton about 15 years ago, and to this day I've never figured out why it didn't catch on.
One of my favorite for soup dumplings!  And I've been to dozens in search of the best. Authentic and unpretentious. Also love their Seafood crispy noodle. Just the right texture and flavor. Service is so-so, some of these people seem fresh off the boat and still have to learn to smile (or look our way in case we need more stuff), but that's what makes it authentic. It's a no frills delicious place. Taste more than compensates for lackluster service.
I love this place because it's walkable from the 7 train. There's never any wait for a table when I go on weekend mornings. I would say their customer service is lacking since all they care about is getting more people through the door and into a seat. I can't help but feel like I'm eating too slow or stressed. Other than that, their food is great. And that's what my stars always reflect. The quality is definitely still there (let's hope they don't turn into a tourist location...) I'm confident to say I've tried all the compared restaurants in the area and they have the best scallion with beef pancake!! Hands down! Their soup dumplings are really good too. The soup in the dumpling isn't too salty or oily I also like the beef noodle soup. There are many other dishes but these the third I always get again and again. Happy eating!!
After reading about how popular Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is, I knew I had to try it when I was visiting Flushing. We came on a Saturday afternoon (around 12:30 pm) and it was packed. We waited about 35 minutes before we got seated. The soup dumplings were amazing! I never had soup dumplings with THAT much soup. So juicy and tasty. I thought the pork soup dumplings were better than the crab and pork soup dumplings. We also had beef scallions which was so crunchy and flavorful. The reason I can't give this restaurant 5 stars is the service and the lack of comfort while dining. Overall rude service. My server seemed so angry at us for ordering...it was strange. When my husband was waiting in line, a server walked by with a bowl of soup and she rudely said to him in Chinese "be careful!!" Also, there is such a long line that there are people HOVERING over your table as you eat. It is super uncomfortable but it was definitely worth trying their soup dumplings.
I visited on a Monday around 12:30PM. Fortunately there wasn't a lunch crowd so I was seated promptly. The order was taken quickly, however the wait time for the food was easily a solid 25 minutes. This is understandable since they were making the dumplings fresh.I ordered the pork and crab dumplings.  They were delicious and succulent.  Succulent....this word doesn't get much usage these days, it's a shame because it almost sounds dirty. "How was your shower dear?" ...."It was succulent!""How does this dress make me look?" ......."Succulent!""C'mon man!!! Give me the goods!!!  I need, I Need, I NEED!!!!!  I'll succulent the lead out of your pencil !!!"Yeah so anyways, the dumplings were quite delicious or succulent.  Be sure to place them in the provided spoon and eat them from there to capture the juices when you bite into that succulent sucka.  Vinegar soy sauce over the top and you're good to go.Prices are pretty reasonable it comes out to about a buck a dumpling.  Now make like a leaf and tree!
Their soup dumplings are filled with juicy delicious soup in each one. My favorite is the crab soup dumplings! Superb!
Great price! Their soup dumplings are really good. Not the most responsive waiters but I'll take it.
The rice cakes are just so so but the crab soup buns are so delicious. Went there for early dinner. Only if I can get up early,I'll definitely eat there fore breakfast as well, great price point. Recommend
Overall, a decent spot for Shanghainese food. My friend and I came here for breakfast and share the savory tofu pudding, hot soy milk, sheng jian bao (pan fried soup dumplings), xiao long bao, and spicy wontons. The food was good, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. The skins on both the sheng jian and xiao long bao were a little too thick for my liking. If you're in the area and like Shanghainese food, Nan Xiang is worth checking out, but I don't think it's anything to rave about.
This place has a delicious variety of dumplings. During the three times I've been here, the waitresses and waiter were friendly to me. I would recommend to those who are having trouble choosing a decent place to eat in Flushing that cooks xiao long bao and other choices of dim sum.
My ultimate favorite XLB (xiao long bao) place - this place is literally my first stop when I'm back home!! FOOD:I always order 2 pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes and this is enough for 2 people!- The soup dumplings have a nice skin that isn't too thick and theyre always served freaking fresh! So let it cool a little or just go ahead and slurp the burning soup at your own risk. - The beef scallion pancakes have a strong taste and theyre on the greasy, savory/sweet side so if youre going with a Korean mom/picky eater stick to the simple scallion pancakes!SERVICE:- Service is average - the lady at reception can be quite rude at times, especially during busy hours but Ive learned to just sort of ignore it haha.. it seems less rude when you know in advance. Regarding the waiters, theyre def. better but none really stand out. They also  need to be called at to get any service. AMBIENCE:- Not really a romantic spot but not as loud as some other restaurants.. no music playing obnoxiously or drunk people (even though they do serve alcohol! I usually come here to catch up with friends/feed my addiction to their xlb, haha.TLDR - COME HERE, service/ambience isnt so great but the food is 10/10 - order pork soup dumplings + beef scallion pancakes(+) = cheap (less than 10), delicious, good for small/medium groups(-) = avg. service, cash-only, 10-15 min. wait during busy hours
Great late night option for good food.  Noodles, soup, dumplings are all good.  Only thing I didn't care for was the beef scallion pancake as it was too greasy and loaded with hoisin sauce so it was all I could taste.
I used to think this place was the best for xiao long bao since there are always long waits. After sampling some other restaurants in chinatown, their  baos are really sub par. The wrap is thick and doughy, so you cant just pop one in your mouth and let the soup explode. Instead you have to take it in two bites so it just feels like eating buns. The shanghai noodles are also very greasy.  However, they do have a complete variety of appetizers that others lack so i give them that. But as far as xiao long baos go, im sticking to others.
Excellent food.  Obviously, their XLB (soup dumplings) is really good.  We always get the pork and crab ones.  Their pan fried noodles is also a must.  And it is so cost effective (e.g., inexpensive) but soooo good.  I personally preferred it to Joe's Shanghai a few blocks away.Cons: (1) parking is a nightmare.  Tip: park at the municipal lot 2 blocks towards Union St.  and don't bother trying to street park. (2) there's usually a line regardless of time of day, but it moves pretty quickly
I love this place. I can't even count the number of times I have been here within the last 6 months and it still never fails. I always get their soup dumplings, which is around $6 for 6 of them, which comes in a steamer. They are to die for. I've been to Joe's Shanghai and I definitely prefer Nan Xiang's over to theirs. The skin is not too thick and the perfect consistency and the soup is just incredible. Two of these usually fill me up a lot. I also really like getting their soymilk, which they make in-house. For vegetarians, they have steamed vegetarian dumplings that are packed filled with veggies on the inside. They also have fried gluten, which comes as a side dish. You can ask for any of their pan-fried noodles to be made san meat and make sure you ask for a vegetarian broth for the vegetarian noodle soup! My bf also really likes their scallion pancakes. And if you want rice rolls, you can ask them to make it san-meat. It's a very casual place, so don't expect your usual restaurant service. They are here to take your order, refill your tea and deliver your food to you! But the servers are really friendly and even now recognize me because I go so often. They always greet us, refill our teas and take care of us well! I highly recommend coming here!!
Very tasty and a frequent favorite stop. The only reason I deducted a star is sometimes it takes a while to get seated and a few times they seem to forget I am there. But try them out, and get teh wontons in spuicy sacue, or the soup dumplings. You'll thank me!
Their food prices are super good and the food never disappoints. CASH ONLYCommunication can be a bit of problem sometimes.* Xiao Long Bao - Steamed pork and soup broth was perfect combination with soy sauce* Scallion Pancake - Super crispy and chewy enough* Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup - Soup was pretty enough spicy but little salty * Pan Fried Dumpling - loved thickness of fried dough but little greasy and hard to chew* Iced Soy Milk  - My favorite one in this store
Overrated. Been here twice, both times food was just average , if that, and service unbearably slow.  Go to Shanghai you garden if looking for good Shanghai food with fast service.  There's a wait but at least there are places nearby to walk to while you wait.
Not impressed. I don't understand the hype for this restaurant.Service is terrible. It's almost impossible to get the attention of the staff working here. Our main reason to come here was to try the dumplings, and they forgot to bring us that dish (we had ordered a total of 4 dishes). I didn't care for anything else, except for the scallion pancakes.  The pan fried beef udon only had a few pieces of beef in it.
Nan Xiang has been my go-to place for whenever I crave soup dumplings. Their warm and savory broth is well presented with delicious filling and a delicate, yet sturdy, skin. The price of the soup dumplings is very affordable and definitely worth (if not an amazing deal) the quality of their food. When you're there, don't only order soup dumplings!! As renown as theirs are, the other food on their menu is also authentic and delicious.
I have been going to this establishment for years and the food is always consistent. I have tried soup dumplings from other places (yes, including joe's shanghai) and none compares to the dumplings made here. When i eat a soup dumpling i expect a thin but chewy skin, savory broth and tender, seasoned meat. This place excels in all areas and the prices are cheap, do not bother going to manhattan for some overrated, hyped up subpar food. If you want good chinese food, then go the places where chinese people live and eat themselves. The menu has both english and chinese so don't feel uncomfortable or shy that you just stepped into the chinatown of ny. I suggest going any weekday because it gets packed on weekends, although they are usually quite busy. I suggest literally everything on the menu. Their soup dumplings are the best but their other selections are just as good. I highly recommend:Pork soup dumplingPan fried udonScallion pancakesSpicy beef, tripe and some mysterious jelly thingSoy milkPanfried dumplingThe food is quite greasy but the chinese cuisine is naturally quite greasy like indian food so i suggest gulping down that grease with the hot tea they provide....or you could just wait and get boba from one of the ubiquitous bubble tea shops in flushing. P.S  It would be a crime to not put that vinegar & ginger with every bite of each dumpling. Happy Slurping :)
Came here on Friday around 6 pm and my table of 9 was seated immediately. The menu isn't huge but a decent size so we ordered a bunch of things to share. The food was good but nothing spectacular. Some things were a hit or miss. I broke down my review of every item so it is easier to read:1. Steamed pork soup dumplingsI like that the bun was thin and a decent amount of broth and pork inside. The flavor was good. One of my favorites of what we ordered.2. Steamed pork and crab soup dumplingsI did not try this but my cousin preferred the pork.3. Beef and chili pepper noodle soupIf you ever had beef and long horn peppers as a dish, this is the same thing but in soup and noodle form. Broth was good but a bit oily. The noodles were small and thin. Like egg noodles but not yellow. Reminded me of ramen from Ippudo.4. Shanghai pan fried udonJust noodles with some veggies in it. Flavor was lacking. A tad oily. Udon was doughy and not in a good way. Very heavy.5. Rice cake with shredded pork and pickled veggiesRice cakes were small and needed more cooking time. There was barely any pork in it. Veggies could have been more pickled. This had a lot of room for improvement.6. Scallion pancake with sliced beefThis was probably my favorite. The sliced beef was something different. This was a bit salty though.7. Pan fried dumplingsTook some time to come out but good. I wish they had made it brown on both sides not just one. Doughy in a good way and meat inside was pretty good.8. Shanghai shao maiThis one was weird. Looked like a shu mai but then inside was rice! Like a sticky rice. Not much flavor. Wouldn't order this again.9. Crispy noodle with pork and mushroomsThis was just whatever to me. The noodles were crispy but the dish was bland.10. Sweet soy bean milkThis came in a huge bowl with a straw. My friend really enjoyed this.Service: Quick to sit. Took a while to take our order. Food came out pretty quick except the pan fried dumplings which we checked on and THEN they told us those take a while. We asked for refill of tea and water but they only refilled our waters. So so overall. Really depends on who is working there.I would probably never come back here...
The service is meh, but the food is on par. The soup dumplings are always on point. The beef scallion pancakes could use more beef slices. The pancakes are super doughy and thick with only 1 tiny slice of beef. The proportions are way off. 4 stars for the price of the food !
I love their pan fried pork buns and their soup buns. It's delicious! I can even eat it without the vinegar-soy sauce.My boyfriend and I go to this place often - because it is our go to shanghai place. Places like Joe's Shanghai is a bit overrated anyway.ANYWAY, we get seated pretty quickly and this place can get packed. Their cold cucumber appetizer is refreshing and it's always a great starter.  We then would get the buns and soup dumplings which are warm and delicious in my mouth. We sometimes get their noodles and the spice is on - especially if you eat the peppers. What's best is that we get several dishes and it's very affordable.The caveat is that sometimes, we get seated in such small tables that our dishes barely fits. D=
These were ok, not great. Actually somewhat disappointed. The XLB definitely had nice soup with quite a bit of gelatin, you could feel it  on your lips, but they weren't as flavorful. The fried buns were bland and dry and the scallion pancakes were just fry bread with no flavor and barely any scallions at all. Cmon...how cheap are scallions to put some in there? It's in the name for goodness sake!
My friend and i were looking for a chinese restaurant after coming back exhausted from Niagara Fall and this place was everything that we looked for. Everything was delicious and no body spoke English so we could tell the place was very authentic. We were sad that we found this place out so late. But we will definitely be back when we back in new york
Mmmm. Soup dumplings... This is my go to place for soup dumplings, they make it really well here and each order comes with 6 dumplings. The dumplings use to come with the lettuce on the bottom but I think they realized that no one eats that so they just leave it out; no complaints. The next best item in this restaurant is the scallion/beef pancakes. They're sorta oily but pretty bomb at the same time. The stir fried udon noodle/rice cake noodles are average. Pretty much just a carb filler for the soup dumplings lol. Service is also average. Basically come here for the food anywayOverall, pretty good. Get the dumplings and the pancake and you'll know what I mean!
Taste: I LOVE THE XIAO LONG BAO its so juicy and explodes in your mouth. sometimes I don't get all the soup but most of the time I do. dip it and in the sauce but dont drown it.  It is def a go-to for XLB. Service: I waited like 15 minute for it and it was for take out. It was on a super cold day too and ppl were still willing to wait for XLB!! Price: It's very cheap for the taste. Esp if you go as a group and share the XLB, pancakes, egg fat noodles, etc.  We got all of that 2 winters ago and only paid 10$ , and left with SUPER Satisfied stomaches and taste buds. Ambiance: Its so busy and they have 2 rooms. if you want to go as a big group don't go during peak times.
So this, this is where my favorite Xiao Long Bao is! The skin is well put together and the soup, while not as fatty, is a bit cleaner. The crab and pork combo is the way to go. Some folks I have read call this a tourist trap and honestly, so it Joe's (lets be real folks, they draw crowds equally). But there is a good reason for the wait. They output some solid food and they manage to be consistent which is a struggle most popular places can suffer from.
Great authentic food;  if you want to try dumplings each way they could be made this is a rest local spot Little long of a wait; and not a lotOf follow up service during meal.  But worth it for the soup dumplings
This place is always packed and rightfully so. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 10 minutes at max? First thing that I noticed when I was being seated: the waitress had a terrible attitude. She quite literally slammed our plates down onto the table and flung the forks alongside with it. My friend and I eyed each other but we decided not to pay much mind to it. However, the men sitting at the table next to us asked the lady for some soy sauce and she proceeded to grab the vinegar off our table and said "You eat soup dumplings with vinegar, not soy sauce." For starters, she should've just given him the soy sauce he had wanted. Maybe he preferred soy sauce over vinegar, am I not correct? Secondly, I found it mind boggling how she decided to give the man OUR vinegar... I guess she assumed we didn't need vinegar so it was probably the smartest move to take our vinegar rather than going back and grabbing another bottle. Negativity aside, the food was amazing. I was sick so I didn't have the biggest appetite but we ended up ordering (from best to eh): a. Scallion pancakes with sliced beef    - Despite it being a tad on the oilier side, it was absolutely delicious. With a nice crunchy outside, the first bite instantly sends you to heaven. The beef is nice and tender, topped off with a mouth-watering oyster sauce. Would definitely recommend! b. Steamed Pork Buns    - Hands down, best soup dumpling I've had. The dough is nice and thin but doesn't tear easily like most soup dumplings and once the soup hits your tastes buds, it's over. c. Steamed Crab & Pork Buns    - I wasn't a big fan of the yellow coloring and it had a strange smell to it as well. The soup is great, as per usual, but I'd probably just stick to the steamed pork buns.
Cash only! Sit-down kind of place. Takes about 10-15 minutes to get a table if you're with a big group (mine was 7). If possible, go with a Chinese companion so you don't have to worry about ordering the right things. Leave that to them. Scallion pancakes with beef - my favorite thing of everything we tried.Gluten (straight up gluten) - interesting experience. Chewy. Tasted like steak that had already been chewed. Pork soup dumplings - didn't try. Crab soup dumplings - super hot once you bite into it but then it's great. Rice cake with seafood - wish it had more pieces of seafood. The rice cakes were addictive. Some warm milky soup - I tried this and didn't care for it. It tasted like bland breast milk to me. Chinese churros (that you apparently dip into the warm milky soup) - meh not bad. Plain carby snack. Veal and tripe - pretty good. I was into it. Tofu covered with some red sauce - we liked it all around. Overall, the food is pretty oily but tasty. Service was lightning fast. Seems like a Flushing staple that I'm glad I got the chance to explore!
This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings. Pork and crab combo are the best! Shanghai pan fried U don is the second reason I come here.
I love their soup dumplings! When you eat in, it comes out relatively quick, but when you takeout food it always takes quite awhile and they sometimes may forget. But overall, a good place to get some nice warm soup dumplings
The soup dumplings here are pretty good for the price. I love their shredded beef with rice cakes, scallion pancakes and also their noodles. The place is very clean and there are a lot of seating areas. The service isn't so bad for a Chinese restaurant and they're very fast. This is a cash only place so bring cash.
I am IN LOVE with this place!Was in Flushing for some business related procurement and when in flushing, of course get the Chinese food!  So I yelped for the best Xiao Long Bao (juicy buns) and this place came up, and it DID NOT DISAPPOINTED!I ordered a traditional XLB (perfectly juicy, great skin that did not break), crabmeat XLB (again, delicious and flavorful with ACTUAL CRAB PIECES/MEAT), the scallion pancake (tender, pull apart and just greasy enough) and salty tofu (the texture was a bit off, but flavor was good) and I truly enjoyed everything!It was so good that I ordered two more XLB to go to take home.  Unfortunately they were just too delicate for a to-go order as when I got home, I noticed that half of the skins were broken and the juice had flown out.  Thus, best eaten fresh and pippin' hot!!!
Came here for lunch.  This restaurant is exactly what I was looking for, and what a restaurant of this type should be.  I grew up in the Bay Area, and travel frequently to China and Taiwan.  Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao delivers an experience similar to what one would find in in Asia.  Good dumplings and noodle dishes.  It's worth heading out to Flushing for this. Will be back.
This place is amazing for a late dinner or midnight snack on the weekends.  I regularly order the pork soup dumplings which pair excellently with a side of scallion pancake wrapped beef.  The service is fast and there is rarely ever a wait to be seated.  If you're also looking for a side of noodles I would go with one of the rice cakes if you're feeling something soft and chewy, preferably the pork with preserved vegetables.  On the other hand the pan fried noodles is a good alternative if you're feeling crunchy instead.Be sure to keep in mind the check has to be paid with Cash Only.
I honestly did not like this place. The soup dumplings were decent and so was the food but the wait staff wasn't too friendly nor accommodating. The table I sat at was missing the hot sauce container. When we asked the waiter for some he took it from the adjacent table next to us and the patrons there were like we also need it. The waiter goes then you guys can share. I understand this is flushing and I'm not asking for five star accommodations but really you cannot get it from another table where the rest of the meal wouldn't have been awkward between us and the table next to us?
Had a great Saturday lunch here, the soup dumplings did NOT disappoint.My Queens bred and born friend brought us here on a Saturday afternoon and it was PACKED- luckily the wait wasn't too long (i think the in and out is pretty fast in here too).We started off with some scallion pancake with beef- think thick crispy on the outside but doughy on the inside pancake encasing strips of beef with tasty brown sauce.  Piping hot, the rich scallion flavor and beef made a great combo. We ordered several orders of the pork soup dumplings and the crab soup dumplings- each were filled with piping hot rich delicious broth and lots of meat. I managed to perfect my soup dumpling eating technique (cool, nibble, inhale inside, then devour)- we all made sure not to waste any of that delicious soup!A must if you're in the ara!
Well, I had high expectation on this one as Nan Xiang Dumpling is quite famous in my hometown, Shanghai. Local people flow into that restaurant at the country town near Shanghai, as the mini bao and other dim sum are so good that you miss them sometimes in the dream. This one didn't serve up to the reputation of Nan Xiang, with less flavor on their mini bao. I didn't even finish the whole 6 pack. The cooker and waiter aren't even from Shanghai, guess just a knock off one. And they only accept cash and lots of people.
Seating can be challenging in the popular Flushing location on Prince Street, but the soup dumplings here are worth waiting for. Any kind. They come out hot, so poke a tiny hole near the top with a fork or toothpick to let out some steam before engulfing the whole dumpling (the whole point of soup dumplings is drinking the soup, so you don't wanna bite into it and let all the soup leak out unless you have a spare bowl). Their other eats are pretty good, too! I love their beef scallion pancakes ^^.
2.5 Stars (mobile review does not allow half stars) On a Fri evening, wait was about 20-30 min.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings, fried pancake scallion, white wine sauce with chicken & chicken soup.  Pork soup dumpling: underwhelming.  The skin was a bit thick.  (super glad we only got one order/basket).  Pancake scallion: appears to be deep fried.  We were used to the pan fried version so we didn't get care it. Chicken soup: good taste, could taste the herbs.  It came in a small (individual size) serving bowl. White Wine sauce Chicken:  was a bit too salty. Total meal was around $23 (prior to tip).  Service was quick in getting our orders in but a toothache coming to wrap up your tap.    Cheers, Wendy
There was a pretty long wait when we got there. Thankfully we only waited for about twenty minutes for a table for two. Got the salty soy milk, iced soy milk, garlic cucumbers, scallion pancake w/ beef and two orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings. The garlic cucumbers are so damn good, loved the intense flavor of the garlic and freshness and crispness of the cucumbers. The iced soy milk was just perfect and definitely recommend that over the salty soy milk which we did not like. Scallion pancake was solid and just what I expected. Soup dumplings were above average but not the best I have had. They do a good job with the soup to dumpling ratio but could work on the dumpling skin which gets really hard after just a minute or two. Overall pretty good food but wouldn't wait on line again. If there's no dine in tables just get some soy milk and garlic cucumbers to go! They're amazing!!!
As an act of faith in my fellow Yelpers praise of Nan Xiang Dumpling House, I ordered two bamboo steamers of XLB as soon as we sat down. When we arrived around 4:30 there were several open tables. Of course, it wouldn't have been authentic if we weren't asked to move to a smaller table as the one we chose was deemed too large for the two of us. We chuckled. We were prepared to share. Along with the Xiao Long Bao (Pork Fillings), we ordered Scallion Pancakes with Spicy Beef.  Both were superior products and were totally fun to eat.  The dumplings were thin skinned and care had to be taken to lift each from the steamed lettuce beneath them to avoid tearing. I sacrificed one for the team learning that requirement, but was able to salvage some of the broth because I used the two hand method. Chopsticks to gently lift the soup bag and place it quickly into the flat bottom spoon standing at the ready in my opposite appendage.  They were just too good to waste even a drop.  I bit off the topknot of each and backed away to allow the scalding steam to escape, leaving only the near boiling broth. Still, burning the tongue is inevitable and part of the experience.  I docked my lips against the small opening and slowly sucked the soup out, moving from left to right to siphon out as much as I could. Then, I poured a small spoonful of vinegar and ginger into the volcano's punctured dome and devoured the entire remains in one large sucking gulp. It was the only way to maximize the desired tasteful sensation.  And, it was great and all consuming! The Beef Filled Scallion Pancake was cut into 3 large pieces and was very good. Not too oily, and a nice counterpoint to the XLB.  This place is definitely going to be a regular stop on my irregular visits to Flushing.  The food so tasty and fun to engage, and the prices fair.  Just sorry I hadn't been there before.
I was really looking forward to this place for the xiao long bao or soup dumplings here since it's so highly praised. I ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings ($6.95) and though I didn't expect a lot of crab since the pork soup dumplings are $5.95. There were a few strands. I'd rather pay more and get actual crab meat. Anyways the dumplings were ok - one broke and had soup spilled even before it hit my table. The soup was very cloudy and more salty than I like. The vegetable noodle soup ($4.95) was a very generous size but the broth was very salty and on the oily side. Service was average.
Came here for lunch after arriving in flushing for the weekend.Took a number to wait for a table and once seated, ordered xiao long boa and xiao mai.I am delighted by the dumpling texture and taste.I wish there are more options instead of fried or bun  types.Highly recommend for dim sum place if you are in flushing area.
No-frills, inexpensive deliciousness. The best soup dumplings I've ever tasted. Yummy scallion pancakes too. Authentic food worth the visit!
Holy soup dumplings! Everyone's heard of Joe's Shanghai but Nan Xiang's soup dumplings shouldn't be missed out on either. And even though this dumpling house is located all the way out in Flushing, that shouldn't deter any loyal XLB fanatics from hopping on the 7. Both their namesake and the the pork/crab XLB were good. So much broth packed into one little morsel. Wrappers are the perfect medium between too thin and too gummy. Delicate and yet not easily broken as you pick them up. Cash only! But our meal of two servings of dumplings and one plate of scallion pancakes was under $30. I love good, cheap eats.
Food is good, but terrible services, they feel like I don't give a shit because my food is good, no matter what you'd come and eat. I wish their boss could do something about it.
The qiao long nap here are very good.  Their seats are limited and the service is okay.  They have one of the best shanghai dumplings in the area.
The go to place for soup buns. Always leave with a satisfied stomach!
Yes, the soup dumplings are yummy. It fully satisfies my soup dumpling cravings. But I also ordered their 紅油炒手 and it came under cooked. No, it wasn't even under cooked. It was uncooked. Like I put it in my mouth, and one corner was cold, covered with flower, and hard. How does that even happen?! I was scarred. I never ordered it again. Also, lines are long (so go at the right times) and service isn't that friendly. Then again, it's Flushing. Note: If you like soy milk, the soy milk here is pretty damn good.
I love this restaurant. It is cheap, casual and fast. We love the pan fried pork buns, steamed crab meat and pork buns and Seafood Pan Fried Udon Noodle. I always forget to bring cash but luckily there are many different banks a block away. The service is sub par but that is to be expected when a restaurant has such fast turnover of tables. I have yet to try the many breakfast and cold dish appetizers but always see other tables ordering them.
Food is delicious, but the service is horrible. I'll take the time to do more exploring in Flushing and take my business else where since there's definitely more places that serve the same food with adequate service.
By far one of the best soup dumplings in town.  They are made to order, juicy, tasty, perfect dumpling skin, mmmm.   I also love their crispy, salty, sweet, little bit of heaven known as a scallion pancake with beef.  Their rice cakes with chicken, shrimp and fish is another favorite.
This is one of my go-to places when I'm craving soup dumplings. Don't get me wrong though, everything here is pretty darn good! Of course if you're coming here you definitely need to order the soup dumplings, they're super delicious and I like that the skin of their dumplings are thin. I've tried a lot of their noodle dishes before and they're all very good. I also really like their cold dishes and iced soy drink. Overall everything is very good here, so what more are you waiting for?
This restaurant is very popular for its Xiao Long Baos. On weekends, you can find a large group of people waiting outside to be seated. I recommend going on a weekday evening to avoid the long lines.As a frequent visitor, I give this restaurant 4/5 stars. The 1 star deduction is for the staff. They can be pretty impatient. Overall, this is a great restaurant choice for the long winter ahead. Aside from xiao long baos, they make noodle soup dishes, fried udons and breakfast. Chinese breakfast are the best! Also, I love Chinese restaurants because you get unlimited tea.My top recommendations:-I've tried both crab meat and pork xiao long baos. They are both good dishes but they can leave a slight greasy after feeling.-Scallion Pancake-Breakfast - Salt Soy Bean Milk/Sweet Soy Bean Milk-Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don
A very authentic spot for soup dumplings (xiao long bao/小籠包). I've been coming here ever since I was a kid. Up until now I still enjoy every single bite. I always start off with their fried dough and scallion pancakes. Nothing too special. Just your standard flushing type food. Then comes the soup dumplings which you can actually watch them make it (depending where you're sitting). The skin on the dumplings is very thin which is how I like it. The juice from the meat is so flavorful it's crazy. I also get the Shanghai pan fried noodles which to be honest could be a little better. Sometimes they put a little too much vegetables and not enough meat or noodles and it's just a plate of veggies at that point. To be honest I've never had an authentic shanghainese soup dumpling but I have had some other known soup dumpling spots (joes Shanghai, din tai feng) and nan xiang in my opinion is better. Make sure you bring cash cause that's all they take which isn't so different from their competitors. Also expect to wait whenever the lunch rush hits but that's with anywhere around the area.
Alert: Vegetarian Review. The bonus of working in Flushing is, of course, the food... My colleagues and I were in the area for lunch, so we had to go to Nan Xiang for dumplings... since we could just waltz right in with no wait. I am positive that my review would be completely different... if I ate pork or beef. But I don't. I am pescatarian and mainly vegetarian. So, I ordered the vegetable noodle soup and the veggie dumplings. It was overall *fine*. The dumpling dough had a unique funky (kinda gross) taste, but the insides were chock full o' veggies.  You MUST douse them with soy sauce, ginger and the spicy chili sauce to cover up the funky dough taste. I would not order those again. The soup was ok, a bit bland, but you can doctor it up with the spicy chili sauce. The noodles were ramen noodles and the portion is huge, so I took most of it home. I'm slowly realizing that the best bet for vegetarians who want a flavorful, nuanced and complex veggie noodle soup is to find a Japanese restaurant such as Ki Sushi in Brooklyn or Soba-Ya in the E. Village (insert dreamy eye roll). Biggest Takeaway: If you don't eat pork, skip it. This place is not vegetarian friendly.
Soup dumplings ftw. The only question is how many you want. Don't burn your tongue though.The sweet/cold soy milk was good, too, but the salt/hot soy milk was weird. Maybe it's a Chinese thing.But like I said, just shut uppa you face and eat the soup dumplings, you jabroni.
Let me begin by stating that some of the food is good but some is just fair at this establishment. However, the service is sub-par to say the least. Tea was served luke warm, we had to ask for black vinegar for dumplings and this is a cash only establishment. We would have ordered more food but due to the lack of interest of the wait staff we left. I prefer to get dim sum where the carts are steaming and filled to the brim with delicious bites of food. One and a half stars is not an option and two is probably too generous. The one and a half stars is based strictly regarding the food. Oh by the way, they didn't even refill our tea.
Always a great meal here. Personal favourites: Spicy beef noodle soup,  juicy buns and hot soy milk.
The service and the price are alright, but seating wasn't that great. Wouldn't consider it for a dating place, too crowded and nosey for a couple. The noodle soup we ordered went up cold, and the skin of xiaolongbao wasn't that great, feel like eating a dumpling skin rather that 包
Food is 5 stars, service is 3 stars. Waitress got some attitude there.I will probably try some other places.
The XLBs were good, and the iced soy bean milk hit the spot after a hot day out and about. One of the better XLB places in New York, but other than that I felt the rest of the dishes were just okay, but not that great. Good value for money though!
Amazing! So worth the wait--should there be one. I'm a vegetarian. My husband isn't. We were equally overjoyed! My favorite dish is the fried buns with chives and eggs. His is the steamed pork buns.
I always get the same thing from here and it's always good every time. Xiao long bao and the scallion pancake with rou and hoisin inside, you could even get that to go and eat it like a sandwich.I've had their dofujiang and youtiao but that is made the same and tastes the same everywhere lol.they're chilli oil is good!one of the better places in flushing to go if you're not native Chinese.cash only.
Absolute favorite spot in New York City area for soup dumplings! Crispy noodle dishes are great, too. I'm giving four stars because the wait is just too long.
My second stop during my Flushing food tour. Came here solo and ordered one order of XLB. There was another american near by doing the same! Great minds think a like? Perhaps...I was a little nervous eating XLB RIGHT after eating 12 wontons at White Bear. I only had about 2 block walk to this place...so i don't think i digested enough. HOWEVER, since the place was pretty busy and their XLB is steamed to order, it took awhile! Thank goodness...about 15-20 minutes passed...usually you'd get hangry, but then i was relieved i had time to just relax and sip on tea. The XLB came out and i was already impressed. The dumpling skin was thin...probably some of the thinnest i've seen in quite some time. They offer the traditional vinegar based dipping sauce, which i'm not a fan of. But they give you slithers of ginger which is nice. The XLB are pretty good here. The broth tastes clean and the pork filling isn't too heavy. I don't think these are the best i've had in NYC, but they are pretty good overall. The restaurant offers other Shanghai dishes which, i normally would devour if i were not full already...pancakes, noodles, stir fries, etc. Great price and great quality of XLB! Definitely a must try for soup dumpling lovers.
First of all, the XLP (soup dumplings) were pretty damn good for the price. I tried both the crab meat pork and plain pork. Preferred the pork more because the crab tasted kind of stringy. Everything else looked really greasy and not carefully prepared or made but you get what you pay for.  My friend got the udon consisted of 97% just flavored udon and the rest bok choy. Nothing special. My rating is solely based on the soup dumplings. I would have given it a 5 if they properly served it with ginger (vinegar was already on the table) and if the broth was a little more clear. We came at a non peak hour (3pm) The service was extremely bad. We were basically forgotten. Our waitress kept on disappearing and then we found her eating on lunch break. Lol! I'm trying KF XLP next because I heard their other dishes are also actually good. I prefer a variety of dishes for a satisfying meal. I'll come back here if I was ever in the area for a little bite... and the only thing I'd be ordering are the pork soup dumplings.
We had a craving for pork buns so decided to come here since there is always a wait outside. Must mean its good! Go inside and get a number, then the guy comes out and calls you when there is a table ready. Efficient. The wait wasn't bad for lunch and we were seated immediately. Lots of seating inside. We ordered the pan fried noodles with chicken, pork and crab buns. The noodles were good and enough to share for four people. We saved our appetite for the best part - the buns! The crab buns are delicious with loads of flavor. If you order both pork and crab, I recommend eating pork first and crab last. The pork buns tasted so bland after we ate the crab first. Both are delicious but you really noticed a different in the soup when comparing. Great Shanghainese spot when you're craving buns and right along the busy restaurant strip on Prince Street.
My five stars is explicitly reflective of their dim sum.  The soup dumplings and fried dumplings are amazing.  I have returned many times for them and will continue to return for them.  I have tried other dishes and was not pleased but I am usually not familiar with Chinese dishes.  The atmosphere/customer service was pretty decent nothing to complain about.  My stars go simply to their dumplings because they are probably the best in the urban NY area, will definitely be coming back.  Came back here and the customer service was way better and the food was just as good as I craved it to be.  This will continue to be the place I go for bomb dumplings.
I've had my share of soup dumplings n this one is below average! Two of the dumplings broke cos one was stuck to another and the other was stuck to the sheet under it! Soup was too salty n fatty. Meat (pork n crab filling) was low quality as well. I had ones ones from kung fu xiao long bao recently n that was great. Much thinner skin n cleaner soup! To top it off, the service was just horrible. The waiter didn't even look at us while taking the order n never came back to the table! Tried to give an order when she came to give the check to the table next to us. Seemed like she heard us but no acknowledgement. Spoke in Chinese to someone else n that person ended up getting us the wrong order! A big NO thank you! Don't even bother to try this spot!
First time visit thanks to yelp reviews.My family is visiting from out of the country and have never tried dumplings so I searched on yelp for an authentic spot and found this place.I arrived earlier today when it was raining. It was packed. There was a wait. That's a good thing in my book. I told the lady we were a party of 9 and she said it would be about 25 minutes. I was sort of worried that it wouldn't please my out of town family and was hoping for the best.We waited about 20 min before they sat us down in another room. The waiter came and served most of us hot tea. I guess he ran out of tea so he gave water to the rest of the group. We ended up asking for tea from the waitress when she showed up to take our order. I ordered about 2 of almost every dumpling item on the menu. We also ordered seafood noodle soup, udon noodles, cucumber and garlic salad and crispy seafood noodle dish.- The cucumber garlic salad was delicious! I am going to try to recreate this at home.- The meat based steamed and pan fried buns (pork, crab, beef, tripe and chicken) were devoured by my carnivorous family. I assure you they enjoyed every bite.- I enjoyed the crispy seafood noodles, vegetarian dumplings, scallion pancakes and tiny (quarter sized) red bean buns.I don't eat meat so I made sure to ask the waiter what dish he had every time he came to the table. The waiters avoid eye contact and do not want to answer you, they literally attempted to run away as fast as they put the dishes down. I had to repeat myself up to 3x every time they came by to ask what magical dish they had brought this time. One waiter looked at me and said that he didn't know! How funny! We also got a quizzical look from another waiter when we asked for napkins and a knife. I didn't feel that they were very friendly which is why I took off a star.We were stuffed by the time the check came and they were still bringing dishes to our table! We had already paid and were chatting when they brought another dish of pan fried noodles. After we left, we crossed the street to enjoy bubble tea at Sunway. I think we made a good choice and would return! My phone battery was low so I didn't get to take pics of the dishes. There's always time! I did happen to snap a shot of the ladies in the kitchen making the dumplings on the way out!
dumplings! checkbeef scallion pancake! checkstir fried rice cakes! checkshanghai fried noodles! checkthis place has a simple menu and is one of the best place for shanghai food in flushing area!
Really good soup dumplings here. I really enjoyed the scallion pancakes. The wait was pretty quick. The menu is kind of small as they only focus on a few dishes. But overall very delicious and I will be returnin
Came to Queens with my family and Hubs suggested getting xlb for lunch. I was a bit worried about parking and the wait but somehow it wasn't bad at all. The service is very good. We ordered a bunch of different dishes. Salty tofu, shanghai udon, scallion pancake, pancake with beef, rice cake with seafood and of course, xiao long bao. :) We really liked the rice cake in particular. The texture & flavors were good. I liked the salty tofu too. XLB is deelicious and very meaty. Just the right amount of soup that it's not overflowing and seasoned well. I was a bit disappointed in the pancake with beef since that seems to be a favorite. The beef inside was cold but it was my first time trying something like this. Shanghai udon wasn't great. A little bland but good for our toddler because it wasn't too salty and he loves thick noodles he can pick up and feed himself. The pan fried dumpling & pan fried noodles look good too, will have to try next time.I'd come here again over other options but that seems to be the general consensus. :)
Ahhh. I've never found a place where stale fried food was good,  or where I could stomach left overs. From recommendation from a local,  went here for dumplings. Absolutely amazing. Fresh,  so fresh,  bc line is of the door all the time.  Even to go it was about 15 to 20 min for the food.  Cash only so walk with your coins. Scallion pancakes with beef. Wow. Mind blowing. Pork dumplings.   "
Great News I just passed this restaurant today and they are open!  I'm so glad. It's a great restaurant with great food!  I'll be there tomorrow morning for breakfast.
This is by far my favorite soup dumpling spot! I had to pay this spot a more current visit before this review and I am truly glad that I did! Nan Xiang's soup dumplings have hands-down the best soup. Six soup dumplings come in an old-fashioned bamboo steamer. Your weapons are the spoon and the tongs. Add some vinegar sauce on top and you are ready! Just be caution because the soup is very hot! My party got lucky and we got batches that just came out of their oven but that's not without a little bit of wait. The soup was still hot and steamy. The skin was fresh and the meat was so flavorful. My taste buds could not thank me more! While you wait for the soup dumplings, order some appetizers. A personal favorite is the Spicy Beef & Tripe appetizer. Marinated with Sichuan mala spiced oil and topped with cilantro. I love their fresh, made in the house hot soy milk! You can order it sweet or savory. Overall, Nan Xiang always meet my expectations of a good Xiao Long Bao!
Before my NYC trip I've been watching all these soup dumpling videos on Youtube. This spot came up a lot and I had to check it out. Came here for lunch Monday. Took the train all the way to Flushing for this. Man...so many Asians in flushing I must say. Felt like home. The restaurant is pretty big 3 separate dining areas , but ONLY one bathroom! We order warm soy milk, Crispy long doughnuts, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, Shui mai (filled with rice), spicy beef and tripe, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, and shrimp stir fry of some sort. Food was delicious expecially the soup dumplings. Everyone was kind of thrown off by the shui mai. which was filled with rice. I guess we all expected pork. Overall a great place for good soup dumplings.
The meal today was very disappointing.  The soup dumplins which was suppose to be the star was the worst.  The skins were tough and they all broke before I even touched them.  All the precious liquid in the basket.   The pork & veg wonton in spicy peanut sauce was lacking sauce.  Barely any peanut flavor.  I will not be coming back anytime soon.
Not going to go in depth to help ya'll out, okay?You should go here. That's it. The food is freaking amazing, as you can tell from all the other users' photos! If you're in the area, and even if you're not - go here. There's a municipal parking lot right across the street for convenience.Dumplings, soup, noodles, scallion pancakes. EAT EVERYTHING and bless your stomach!
I have came here so many times. Love all kind of bums but, this time I will recommend this Spicy Beef Noodles. so great!!! Don't miss it!!!
popular place in flushing. the xlb's are very good. good light broth. the fried porks buns were tasty as well. however, not a big fan of the scallion pancake (barely any scallion. yes I am spoiled as I have been eating too many korean seafood pancakes!) and the pan fried noodles were very greasy. but great place for quality eats and we weren't rushed even though there was a steady stream of customers.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and was seated quickly. We ordered the signaturel pork dumpling, crab dumpling, and beef noodle soup. Just going to comment on their soup dumplings since they're what the place is known for:- the dumpling skins were too thick- there was a decent amount of soup inside but the taste was very plain, and slightly over greasy- meat was ok; the crab dumplings were better than the pork onesOverall I rate the dumplings as decent. Definitely had better ones elsewhere. Had high expectations going in seeing the overwhelmingly positive reviews here, but left disappointed.
Caught the lucky 7 express train to this dumpling spot on a Saturday and I guess everyone else was thinking the same because they had a line out the door. Pretty good hype for a traditional xlb place but we waited and finally got a table. We ordered the spicy beef and tripe to start and order a reg and crab xlb for the main event. The beef had great flavor and just enough spice and cilantro to keep you coming back for more. The xlb were just average. The soup was darker and fattier than I'm use to and skin to meat ratio was poor. For only 6 and about a buck each or more if you ordered the crab, I'd rather spend my money at Shanghai Heping Restaurant or Shanghai Cafe Deluxe in good ole C-TOWN where you get 8 beautifully tender meat-filled-to-the-max soup dumplings for only $5!! SAY WHAAA?I mean those were the only items we tried and it was my first time there but maybe if I'm lucky I'll give them another chance.  Also its cash only.
First ever post...I actually wrote a review for this spot! How is this even happening??This food so proper it brings music to a stormy dayPrices are premier like the premier league so tip well they're open til midnight!??If you've been rude today you don't even deserve to go here.Pan fried dumplings and udon noodleI love noodle
I've been here twice. The first time the food was mediocre and the environment is very fast paced. I wanted to give this place a second try due to all of the high reviews. However, this second time I was very disappointed. We ordered the Shanghai Noodles (which we were told had pork in it), Shaomai and beef scallion pancakes.The Shaomai was great and came quickly. The onion pancakes were way too saucy and took awhile.The Shanghai noodles which I was anticipating to be wonderful did not come with any meat and took FOREVER. When I asked about the meat, the server took it back and it was never to be seen again as I waited for 30 extra minutes. I finally got fed up and asked our server to remove it from our tab and cancel the order.Both the server and cashier were very rude. I will not be returning to this restaurant ever again.
I have a confession to make. I'm new to all that is soup dumplings. Yes, you heard it right. And yes, I know exactly what you're thinking: How on earth has she gone this far without having these foods in her life? Well thank goodness I went to Nan Xiang because let's be real people... I was hanging on by a thread. After a fun night filled with booze and more booze (YEE style), we headed here in search for late night bites.* Being that there was a group of us, we ordered plenty to go around. Pork Xiao Long Bao: I see that it has certainly lived up to its expectations. This is the kind of food you want to write a song about. It's that good, no GREAT. I've come to learn that there's a true artistry to the soup dumpling. Everyone apparently had their own "technique" from the transfer to the spoon, to the actual action of eating the dumpling. It's brilliant actually. I went the traditional route and pierced the skin and let the soup settle in the spoon before I slurped it up. The skin is delicate, the broth is savory and steaming, and the pork was scrumptious. Pan Fried Dumplings: Crispy. Juicy. Flavorful. It's all that you would want and expect. Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef: My second favorite item of the night. It was doughy yet crispy and not overly greasy (which a lot of scallion pancakes are).It came with hoisin sauce which was a great compliment to the dish. Thank you Ben L. for ordering this! This place really set the standard for all my future soup dumpling experiences. I'm officially hooked. After visiting Nan Xiang that night, I've been itching to come back. Anyone up for a trip? ________________________*If only during my college days we had Xiao Long Bao. It's seriously a great drunken food. (Aside from the usual pizza.)
Went here today for the first time with my boyfriend around 3 PM. The lady at the register ignored us for a solid minute before waving us to go into the back to be seated. We ordered the spicy bamboo shoots, scallion pancake, & pork soup dumplings. The spicy bamboo (cold dish) arrived immediately, they were boring. The dish wasn't even spicy & that is confusing as the bamboo was tossed in chili oil. Won't be ordering that dish again. Then the dumplings arrived. The dumplings were really tasty, they had a good amount of soup inside. I was annoyed that a table that ordered after us got their scallion pancake before we did; we waited another 10 minutes after to get our pancake. The pancake wasn't good either, it was fried well but nothing special about it. Overall, this is a cheap place to eat. My bill was less than $15 for 3 dishes. Beware, the establishment has a C grade on their window.
This place is awesome. Let's be honest about how it differs from Chinatown first:- The area is less crowded- Easier to travel to from within Queens- The waitstaff is way nicer to youThat being said, the food is pretty on par as well. When it comes to quality and price, the food holds up to Chinatown for sure. Nan Xiang Dumpling House has 3 full dining rooms to meet the demand they have (at least on a weekend night). 4 of us ate for $10 a person (tip included).We got 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings (6 in each order), pan friend udon noodles, rice cakes with chicken, and a small vegetable dish. One thing I will say is that they don't have a ton of vegetables on the menu. I like to add in some variety to all the pan fried goodness and there weren't many vegetable options here. Also, the rice cakes were a bit chewy but not bad.Overall, this place is totally worth it. Soup dumplings have at least 3 spoonfuls of soup in them... sometimes more if that's actually possible. The prices are good. And there is endless hot tea. I don't know if that makes a difference to anyone but to me, that's key.
I've been going here for a few years now, ever since I came to NY for school. Hands down, they make the BEST soup dumplings. I like both the crab and pork soup dumplings - you can't really go wrong w/ either one. Their noodles are also suuuuuper delicious, albeit too oily (but hey, that's Chinese food for ya). One of my favorite dishes is the beef w/ hot pepper noodles (dry). It's better than the other pan fried noodles in my opinion. I also prefer it over the noodle dish w/ soup. You should also try the scallion pancake - sooo good! Extremely affordable + super yummy. Definitely one of my favorite places (and one that I find myself craving pretty often!)
One of the best restaurant in flashing the vegetable noodle soup awesome and the vegetables steamed dumplings so good , try it you will love it I know I will go back to try more of there vegetarian dishes .
Good in terms if authentic Chinese but unless you know what items you want to try it's very confusing. The staff isn't really helpful in explaining what items are, etc.Also, after the food offer rush (this is dim sum style) they staff rarely returns. We wanted more for but had too leave our room and hunt them down. Getting more water or tea was basically impossible.
Amazing food!  The soup dumplings are one of the best I've ever tasted. But the rice cakes and udon are a great choice too. Go and I guarantee you'll want to come back soon.
It's affordable for sure! However, I wasn't very impressed with the xiao long bao. I have had better.  I recommend:  pork better than crab and pork soup dumplings. The combination taste was odd. I really like the scallion pancakes w/ beef though. That was good, but eat it as soon as it gets to you because it becomes oily and stale if it gets a little cold.
Tasty tasty food!We made a pit stop here before leaving flushing for the day, and we were not disappointed! We ordered pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, and hand made dumplings. All were excellent and full of flavor. I highly recommend this little place for a quick dumpling fix!
I'm not sure I would rate this higher than Joe's Shanghai. It is cleaner, their servers are not as rude as Joe's, and you don't exactly have to share tables with other parties (though you are still practically sitting on top of them). The soup dumplings here are okay. I think Joe's has a better taste (meaning more MSG?), and I do like that Nan Xiang has other dumplings to offer too. We also had the pan fried pork dumplings (they were only okay), and the spicy dumplings with peanut sauce. The scallion pancake with beef was pretty good, and we took some cold soy bean milk to go. The price point is great. No argument there.
Very good. I wasn't expecting this, but my wife and daughter actually like the soup Dumplings at Little Dumpling better! I feel they're the same. The veggie straddled dumps were good, and i loved the chive & egg fried bun. My wife liked the garlic cucumber. The service was pretty cut & dry service, complete with the lady who speaks pretty much ZERO English.
As a child of Shanghainese parents, I think it is safe to say I know a thing or so about soup dumplings aka xiao long baos.The dumplings are average, nice, meaty and juicy. However it was missing that flavor that makes a person go "mmmmmmm". One item on the menu that stood out to me was the sesame pancake. It definitely made me go "mmmmm" let me order another. I won't not suggest ordering the pan fried dumplings. They were extremely subpar. The service, however was excellent. Attentive and the food came quick.
Went with a friend and it was a good time. We didn't really know what to get but the waitress helped us get all the popular items and we really enjoyed it. Their food is good and good priced. Will come back here again.
Listed as closed but definitely not closed. I almost lost the chance to eat delicious soup dumpling again because of Yelp. Can't trust anyone these days.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is actually called Nan Xiang Long Bao. It is a dumpling restaurant in Flushing. Take the 7 train to the last stop in Flushing. They stop serving dumplings at noon on weekdays. I came at 1pm and so I ordered the bean curd and cilantro dish and the scallion pancakes. My meal was $9 total. They offer you tea and give a side of sliced ginger. The bean curd is a cold dish and comes thinly slides in some kind of oil. Really tasty and not too salty. The scallion pancakes come in 6 big pieces- two or three people can share one. Inexpensive and yummy.
Good soup dumplings.  There are also a good variety of small dishes, like Chinese tapas.  The hot soy milk is great in cold weather.
We had many orders, my favorite are steamed pork and steamed crab meat. These 2 dishes reminded me the best Xiao long baos I had in Taipei and Shanghai, juicy and delicious. We could taste and drink the soup inside the baos, really good.  However, the pan fried pork buns were a bit dry and tough. I felt they were not as fresh as xiao long baos. We also had beef & chili pepper noodle soup, it was surprisingly yummy; especially those little chili!! I can't wait to come back soon.
Always busy, sometimes hard to get a table right away, but the food is worth it. Service is pretty good. The soup dumplings are amazing. Prices for everything is really good.
I really enjoy this place a lot. Everything there id very cheap and affordable. Their soup dumplings are about $6 and theyre very good. I also get their scallion pancakes which are sooo good. I love them. Ive also gotten their pan fried noodles but those were a little too oily for me. I highly recommend this place when trying to eat good food but on a budget. The downside is that its extremely busy and sometimes theres a long wait. Also, since its so busy, they dont clean as throughly as I'd like. Also, they dont accept cash.
When is chinese food NOT chinese food ?When it is done by Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao; that is when.Even the ubiquitous chicken with brocolli came out different; made us go hmmmm.All dishes were a cut above regular chinese food.My chinese guests were impressed as well; they said it reminded them of home.Now if you will excuse me, BURRRRRP !!
Food is mediocre at best. They didn't have half the items I ordered despite being a Tuesday afternoon. They're prices are okay, but I'd prefer Chinatown Xiao long baos. If I ever had to wait for a table here I would just leave; it's not worth my time. The staff here are forgetful and slow. The table next to me had a piece of plastic on his soup.
Amazing. Absolutely a must-go if you're in the area. Simple menu but they do everything so efficient and perfectly spot-on with their flavors and authenticity.Spicy Beef Noodles were definitely big enough to share and broth was super flavorful if you're interested in getting that!
Amazing xiao long bao!!! I love this place and always try to stop by when I'm in the area. I lived in the NY metro area most of my life and never found a place better than this (except when I've travelled to Taiwan of course!)
Always a quick, reliable, and delicious meal. My family and I always leave full and satisfied. The soup dumplings are a must order and I recommend this place to anybody looking for a convenient meal.
The reason why this gets my first Yelp review is because I just ate here yesterday and it's as good as it was a few years ago. It has always has been very cheap and who does not like xiao long bao? the staff is very attentive and brought my food out quick. Nothing to complain about. Sure, it's not the most decorative restaurant in the world, but I dont mind. as long as my cravings are satisfied with no dent in my pocket. Feeling quite lucky to live in flushing today. So much good food and many more reviews to come!
The food is amazing. Their soup dumplings are very tasty. I will go back to try out other items on their menu. This was my first time trying it and I'm glad I did. The tables are a. It to close together but other than that the place is clean.
This is a good spot for soup dumplings. I always get the pork because for some reason the crab tastes strange. Also get the soybean milk here it's really good. As for the other food here, it's mediocre. The service here is average although the receptionist is rude, so one star down for that.
My opinion on Nan Xiang's diminishing quality is now confirmed. Nan Xiang is just above the mediocre level now. Sure, its name keeps this place popular since tourist and foodies still flock here by the dozens but a seasoned xiao long bao enthusiast would know where to get cheaper or better quality soup dumplings.The soup dumplings from my most recent meal still had thick skin and the soup was kind of thick with pork impurities. The flavor is still good but for some reason it had a beefy note to it.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($4.95) - Bland and barely any beef inside. There was hardly a coating of sauce to safe it as well. (6/10)Soy Milk ($1.50) - Good but its hard to mess this up. Comes with a plate of fried dough on the side. Dip the dough into the milk for the full experience. (8/10)Salt Soy Bean Curd ($2.50) - They forgot about this dish twice and when they finally realized, they tried to heat the bowl of tofu up in the microwave that is in clear view from the tables. The tofu obviously sat at the counter for some time since the quick radiation blast did nothing to heat it up. The luke warm feel and fishy (from the tiny shrimps) flavor was disgusting and this tofu was a huge disappointment. (3/10)
Best soup dumplings, period. Joes Shangai or Joes ginger can't touch the dumplings here. Been coming here for a while. They are spot on every time. The scallion pancakes are great as is the salted bean curd and soy bean milk. It's also fun watching people eating soup dumplings for the first time. It's quiet the task and can be dangerous!
Get the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. You won't be disappointed. Pros-Quick service-Delicious foodCons-Street parking is extremely hard to find, but I've always been pretty lucky. -Cash only
Service went down hill and sanitary conditions have gotten bad. How are the employees going to wash there hands without soap in the bathroom? I will not be coming back.
Food it good. We got the steamed crab pork bun. It was really good. The service is good too. However, thr hostess needs an attitude adjustment.
Definitely has the best soup dumplings in flushing!! Don't be a fool and go to Joe's Shanghai, this place is better and is bigger = less wait time!!I used to be a Joe's Shanghai activist till i was introduced to Nan Xiang. The soup dumplings are the best i've had ! You can't go wrong with either the pork or the pork with crab soup dumplings. Also make sure to order the scallion pancake with sliced beef!! Definitely a must have here. If you're getting noodles, the shanghai noodles pan fried nooodles are delicious but a bit oily.The food comes out really fast but the service isnt the best, however, this is typical for almost any busy establishment in flushing so you kinda get used to it. Its also a cash only place so make sure to bring money!! The place is relatively cheap so you won't be breaking the bank going here but you'll leave very full!
I've been wanting to try this place since we moved to Flushing last August, and we finally did this past weekend. My only regret is that we didn't try it earlier! This was our first time trying soup dumplings, so while I can't speak to how good Nan Xiang is compared to other establishments, I can say everything we tried was incredible. We ordered: - steamed pork buns- steamed crab and pork buns- cucumber with garlic - pan-fried Shanghai udon - scallion pancake with sliced beefThe must-try things, in my opinion, are the pancake, pork buns and the udon. The others were also really good- I would order them again, but could also go without them. The udon and the pancake are what I've really been craving ever since we went. I can't wait to go back!
Seriously!?Worst soup dumplings ever!  I couldn't believe how subpar the quality was, from the thick skin of the dumpling to the sad case of meat they called pork inside of it.  Color me spoiled by Din Tai Fung, but this sure isn't it.Spicy beef tripe tasted like formaldehyde.  The pan fried noodles were so greasy.  And the steamed dumplings my friend ordered looked like they were thrown into the microwave minutes before they were brought out.And while we're in the same vein, our orders were coming out literally minutes after we placed them.  Efficiency aside, am I the only one who thinks that's bad news?  I was getting skeeved out so much by the aspect of it all that I even started questioning the quality of the water when they came to refill our glasses.  Did they stick the plastic pitcher (that looked it it hadn't been rinsed off in weeks) underneath a rusty tap and call it a day?That's it.  I'm done.
I've been going to this place for awhile and it's definitely become one of my go to places to take my out of town friends to. I mainly go for the soup dumplings as this place is known for it and I remember seeing this restaurant on the Chinese channel one time. Service for soup dumplings is quick. Only downfall about this place is they often run out of the red bean puffs which is one of my favorite appetizers. The past 4 times I've eaten here they've ran out of it. Service is okay. I often have to call the waiter and asks for refills of water/tea or to even place an order. Aside from all that, if you're looking for a unique authentic soup dumpling place, this is the go to spot.
Came in with much higher expectations, the xiao long baos were mediocre, as were the noodles.Xiao long bao skin was too thick at the bottom and too thin at the too making it impossible to pick up without breaking. But besides breaking, it just tasted too doughy.Their noodles were extra greasy and just tasted like american Chinese cuisine, and not authentic.The good thing was the scallion pancake with the beef, good and crunchy with flavourful sauce and beef.Business was busy, which is apparently the norm here, seems like the only big xiao long bao restaurant in the area, so not surprised. But I don't think it's worth it.  Wouldn't go again.
So yummy!! Too bad it's so far away from where I live in Manhatten :( Best soup dumplings I've ever had!! Idk why there was no line here! The dumplings have so much soup (that beats all the dtf's out there even though I was never really a fan) and the dough is soft yet slightly chewy. My bf and I ordered 6 pork and 6 crab soup dumplings, a beef roll, and a rice cake. We couldn't even get to the beef roll because we were so stuffed so we brought it back for the next day's breakfast. The only reason why I didn't give this place five stars is because their stuff is SUPER OILY. I can't drink too much of the soup dumpling's soup so I have to pour mine out at around the fourth one. The soup is super oily (hence why it's good) and the rice cakes were definitely soaked in oil. Good but so unhealthy.
Nan Xiang soup dumplings [insert greater than symbol here since Yelp won't allow me to put one in] Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplingsMy most recent visit, I had to get the venerable soup dumplings brought to me as takeout, but they were still piping hot and fantastic. The soup is always ready to scald your mouth, so be prepared and careful. Order a side of scallion pancakes, and you're set. Budget-friendly too. Love this place.
Previously Michelin star recommended.  Key word, previously***.  I'm not going to hate on this place, but just stating facts.  If you come here for their crab and pork soup dumplings and scallion pancake, you will not be disappointed.  Otherwise, their pork soup dumpling was not that great.  There was a lack of seasoning for their pork filling.  Their seafood stir fry was ok, good noodles, but bad toppings.  The fried dumplings was also ok.  Their beef and tripe in hot chili oil was a little worse than ok.  The cut of beef is a thicker cut, making them chewier and less flavorful.   The staff is very nice, and service is good.  I'd recommend trying this place out, but don't jump on the hype train until you try it.
I love this place so much. I'm a huge fan of their soup dumplings, crispy noodles, rice cakes, pork buns, crispy dough, and literally everything I've ever tried here. It's quite inexpensive and I think it's great quality for the price. It's super packed especially during lunch and dinner hours, but service is pretty fast and I've never had to wait for more than 10 minutes to be seated.
Came here on a Sunday late afternoon, there was no wait. I have seen many people wait to eat here so we decided to try this place out. Had the crab meat soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, and shanghai udon noodles. Soup dumplings were okay, I still prefer Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings. The udon noodles were plain nothing special. Overall don't see the hype for this restaurant, definitely had better soup dumplings and shanghai udon noodles elsewhere.
I'm a die-hard fan of the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai and remain a fan even after trying out Nan Xiang.  I prefer Joe's because their dumplings are soupier and less meaty, and the skins are slightly thinner. However, I still had a great meal at Nan Xiang and would come back the next time I'm in Flushing. 2 of us came here for dinner and were seated promptly. We ordered the soup dumplings and the shao mai. I had no complaints about the soup dumplings (other than that they weren't from Joe's), but the shao mai was nowhere near what I was expecting. I ordered them thinking they would be like dimsum shao mai, but the ones that came out were filled with sticky rice and had a completely different (and yucky) taste. I would have loved to try to some other things on the menu if there weren't only 2 of us eating. The food took a while to come out compared to other Chinese restaurants I've been to, but service was fine and the waitresses were courteous.As with most places in Flushing, this place is CASH ONLY!
All introductory visits to Nan Xiang should consist of one thing: the Xiao Long Bao, otherwise known as soup dumplings. Believed to have originated in Nan Xiang, a suburb of Shanghai, in the late 19th century, these dumplings acquired their name due to the small bamboo ("xiao long") baskets they were often cooked in. Eventually, they made their way over to a cooking oil store turned restaurant called Din Tai Fung. The rest, as they say, is history.Nan Xiang Dumpling House is reputed to serve up some of the best xiao long bao in NYC, although those who don't live in or near Flushing, Queens may find it a bit of a trek. Thankfully, the restaurant is located a short walk from the Main Street stop on the 7-line and on a Friday afternoon, the dining room was mostly empty. We were quickly seated, given tea, and small laminated menus. Ordering was a breeze (remember, why else are you here?) and the dishes came to our table in short time.So: the Pork Soup Dumplings. The ones at Nan Xiang veer on the larger side, although it wasn't necessarily a good thing in hindsight. The skin was thin. but still with a good chew, and the broth inside the dumpling was piping hot and savory. The addition of a little vinegar sauce with ginger is a personal preference, but I find that it helps counter the pork flavor successfully. The disappointing factor, however, was the fact that 3 out of 6 of the dumplings we received had broken skins, a discovery that was quite saddening, to say the least.We also ordered two extra dishes: the Fuqifeipian and Pan Fried Udon. The first is near and dear to my heart as its origins lie in my hometown, Chengdu, a city in the Sichuan province. History lessons aside [1], the dish consists of thinly sliced beef and tripe doused in a chili sauce and served cold. While the version at Nan Xiang was tasty, the beef and tripe slices were too thick, and the chili sauce was unbalanced as well; the amount of oil was too generous, and I missed the extra dose of Sichuan peppercorns. The Udon wasn't particularly memorable either. Although the noodles had a good texture, they were stir-fried in a monotonous sauce, highlighted only by the sparse adding of pork and greens.While they still serve up a respectable (if not half-broken) tray of xiao long bao, I've heard that the quality at Nan Xiang has gone down over time. Perhaps it's true, but unfortunately, it's not a hypothesis I'll be able to test.--[1] The dish is attributed to a husband and wife couple who sold their beef and tripe slices out of their home in Chengdu, Sichuan in the 1930s. The dish was originally termed "husband and wife's offal slices", or "Fuqifeipian", but a traveling merchant liked the dish so much, he re-wrote the "fei" as the character for "lung", to make it somewhat less unappealing.
I love the food. Had the famous soup dumpling. Definitely the best I've had. The atmosphere was well noised. Not too quiet. Sometimes a bit loud. But I still love it.
Best soup dumplings ever! The scallion pancakes with beef and the udon noodles are delicious as well. Service is fast. On weekends there might be a wait and it's crowded but it usually moves fast. And it's cash only. But I absolutely love their food! Would definitely recommend.
The soup dumplings here are very good and flavorful. It's good for the cheap price. Only took off a star because the service is just okay.
I love me some good soup dumplings. Nan Xiang has some of the best soup dumplings. It's the only reason why you come to this place.I really enjoy the crab meat soup dumplings. The soup is so delicious. I love slurping the soup. Then poceed to eat and enjoy the rest of the soup dumplings. I could eat a dozen plates of those. Yummy!!
got the scallion pancake with beef, steamed pork buns, and soup dumplings. all very tasty and very solid. would come again.
The food is reasonably priced, tasty and served fairly quickly for a packed venue. Enjoyed vege dumplings and seafood soup with noodles. Bathroom needs immediate attention.
I have nothing to say but good things about this place! One of the many things I miss about living in Queens. It can get busy here so if you plan on visiting at a peak time, be patient. The ambiance is pretty mediocre - I would have to say they could do a better job keeping it clean but it's not authentic if it's clean and doesn't smell.My favorites are the steamed vegetable dumplings, the xiao long bao, the scallion pancakes, and the fried Udon! If it's your first time going, definitely try the xiao long bao and scallion pancakes. The service here is pretty hit or miss...sometimes you can have great, friendly service and other times you will have the worst customer service. Honestly, the food and price make up for that!
The price is good and the food is great! I've been to Joe's Shanghai so many times and to be honest, I like this place a little more! The Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) is a must get. It was really good and juicy. The crab xlb.. I can't taste the crab as much but its still really good! I recommend you order everything all at once because they took forever to give me my scallion beef pancake. Oh but let me tell you... IT WAS SOOOO GOOD! Worth the wait! I want to come back and try other things but I'm from California. When I come back to visit... I'll be going here instead of Joe's.
Incredibly well priced if not well presented but not trying to be fancy. This is your Chinese grandmothers dim sum at basement bottom prices. We walked out of there with satisfied and full for a little over $25 including tip for two. Their soup dumplings are out of sight and the beef Short rib chive pancake is also exceptional. Definitely worth the trip to Flushing.
love love love! For the price, quality, and quantity you're really getting your money's worth. I love bringing my friends here cause they always order at least six different plates of soup dumplings. While I always order their scallion pancake and shanghai noodles. Their soy milk is really good too! If you go during the peak hours you might have to wait an hour or more but the food comes really quickly so thats a plus.
Apparently its Michelin star rated, which i was surprised about. Service is quick, and I was able to get a table of 5 within 10 minutes (the place does get packed though). The braised beef noodle was goood, and filling. It comes with lots of noodle & about 6 pieces of sliced beef. But come here for the  xiao long baos of course. Theyre tasty, flavorful, and the texture of the bao was just right - not too thick & not too thin. Becareful - it's super hot once it hits your table so let it cool for a bit.
Very competent soup dumpling, competent side and other dishes.Not much wrong with the place, but not five star quality food.
i hate it.. shitty service and cashier is a real piece of work she was on the phone while an elder lady stands there waiting to pay.  cashier told the lady that was her husband on the phone and he was more important. i was lit.. just go to joe shanghai it's only 2 blocks away and much better soup dumplings.food is mediocre at best not sure what the hype is about .
The namesake soup dumplings were very well made. Skin was perfect and held together without breaking throughout the course of one person polishing off 5 by himself. Great flavor as well. The real standout for me was the beef scallion pancakes. Wrapped with hoisin sauce and fried for a bit, these things were incredible. Great decision to stop by before my flight in LGA
The place is very disorganized and does not look clean! Food is really not that great either. There are better places in Flushing!
Just had Sunday brunch this morning with my family, eight of us.  Xiao long bai (4 orders) and a lot of tasty dishes. Drunken chicken was not available again.  I was so impressed by by the waitress memorizing the entire order and repeated the long list without a mistaken.  We did not wait long and everything were fresh and timely.  Plenty of time for my niece to catch her flight.  Hope drunken chicken is available on my next visit.
Good soup dumplings for the area and NYC to be honest.  However, service is almost non-existent.  Even getting the check is a chore.  They sometimes have only one server for the entire room.  I don't ever see non Chinese folks in here, as they're the only ones who can tolerate this kind of treatment.
The soy milk and the rice cake is great, will come back and visit. Only down part is they make us squeeze in on those little tables.
Some of the best dumplings I have ever had. Pork soup dumplings are phenomenal. I found this place on my way to LaGuardia, I had an extra hour to kill before my flight so stopped in for dumplings. This spot is only 15 minutes from the terminals. If you have a layover and need to burn some time hop a taxi over.Also the garlic cucumbers were surprisingly tasty and an item I had never seen at a Chinese restaurant before.
I'm hesitant to wright a review because I don't want to blow-up this amazing secret!! But here it goes. Yes, go. It is amazing. I've been there numerous times with many people, every one loves it! Of all the great thing to order, 3 are my favorite the soup dumplings (of course), cucumber in garlic and the "shao my" (bad english spelling), which is a steamed open top dumpling with what's looks like some type of rice in it.
My mom was in the mood for Shanghainese food last time we were in Flushing, so I led her here based on the strength of the reviews. Yelp never lets me down, because all the food was delicious! The menu has helpful pictures of all of their signature dishes, and we quickly put in an order for soup dumplings, as well as a host of other goodies. First to land on the table was the beef noodle soup, which was excellent and had a generous portion of beef. Better yet (and my personal favorite) was the scallion pancake with sliced beef, which was greasy and glorious. Imagine a giant piece of fried bread, smeared with hoisin and stuffed with braised beef. Chinese food doesn't get better than that. My mom doesn't even like fried food, and she admited it was tasty. My other favorite dish of the day was the rice cake with shredded pork and preserved mustard. It was executed so perfectly, so simple but done so right. I liked that they didn't make the rice cakes too salty and just let the flavors of the preserved mustard shine through. The Shanghai shao mai were the only thing I didn't like. The combo of sticky rice and rice wrapper was too much for me, and I thought they needed a little more flavor. My mom, however, loved them, and they were super filling. The main event though was the soup dumplings. Try to put in an order of these as soon as you sit down, as they take the longest to make. They were wonderful, with delicate skins barely containing the hot broth inside that just bursts out as you bite into them. Not the best soup dumplings I've ever had, but probably the best I've had in Flushing. The only complaint that I have is that they're very rich and heavy. I had 3, and it put me into food coma territory almost instantly. For a Flushing restaurant, it was pretty clean, and service was prompt and efficient. Everything is super affordable. We spent $30 on food for 3 people, and we were pretty full. If only I lived closer!
Amazing food! I'm not sure what else to say beyond how great all the food was. The only negative thing I can say is that the customer service needs some attention.
Food was really good and afordable! We got Rice Cakes, Xiao Long Bao, Fried Udon, Spicy Beef and Tripe, and 2 beers and it came out only to about $35. Noisy any Chinese restaurant, but the service was fast and they were nice. A bit of a wait though since it is a popular place. Cash only.
I was expecting the line to be ridiculously long but I got lucky and got some seats. I think the best time to go there is around 4 where it's a little earlier than dinner time or you just have to get lucky. I came here to get some xiaolongbao and I have eaten xiaolongbao and many different places. I thought this was going to be the best one I've had but it wasn't! It was still good though. I also had the scallion pancake with sliced beef because that was something new to me. It was actually pretty good and the flavor was nice! It was just a little oily though but I do recommend to try it.
I love soup dumplings and this is the spot to have them. They are so delicious, but be careful the soup can be extremely hot. They offer either pork or pork with crab soup dumplings. I always go for the crab. They are the tastiest. I've also tried the spicy beef noodle soup. Oh so yummy. The beef is so tender and the noodles freshly made. The noodle soup is so filling. I usually share it with another person. It does get busy however the wait is not long maybe 5-10 mins at most. Definitely make sure to bring cash since it is cash only. They offer refills in tea just dont hesitate to ask. The staff is friendly and the decor is simple. The food speaks for itself. Utterly delicious.
When I first got to know DTF, I thought to myself: this is the best XLB I've ever had. Then I moved to the city and got to try Shanghai Cafe. I thought THAT was the best XLB I have ever had. Well, now that I have tried Nan Xiang, this place - hands down - has the best XLB.XLB costs only $5.5 here. HALF of the price tag when compared with DTF. But it gets better from there. The individual XLB portion is comparably bigger. If you let the XLB cools down a bit and stuff it in your mouth in one bite, you will be at the happiest place on earth. No, not Disneyland. I came here for lunch and was delighted to learn that breakfast items were still available. I tried the hot soy bean curd and it was freaking delicious. I couldn't believe it! So freaking good!My only "complaint" is that I don't really know why its cold appetizers are priced much higher than other menu items. I got the beef tripe and it was over $7. They were pretty generous with the dish amount but I still found it slightly expensive.The service was good. The restaurant is huge and can seat lots of people. I will be back for sure!
Delicious food! I am shanghainese, and would definitely say this place is worth trying out for the most authentic shanghai food in the area! Beats joes shanghai, I (and my mother who is a Shanghai native) can guarantee you. $5.95 for 6 soup dumplings is also one of the best deals you'll ever find. You cannot come here without trying the soup dumplings!!
You know some place is special when you've eaten there weeks ago and you keep dreaming about it day after day till you start messaging people you don't even like to go with you to eat there. Ugh. I'm so hungry now. This has one of THE best fcking dumplings I have ever eaten. Pan fried yo. And xiao long bao? Two kinds - normal pork and pork and crab. Ahhhh it has so much tears of joy soup inside. Beats NYC chinatown any day. Joe's Shanghai? More like No Shanghai. Go here. It's better. And they can also wrap that stuff up frozen if you order in advance. I'm going to order 1000. And then I will warm one dumpling up each day till I run out.
I went there again last week since it was the only place opened at 9:30am. I had their salty soybean milk which was ok. Their claim to fame -- crab pork dumplings were really sad. The dumpling skin was thick and crude but the worse is the lack of dumpling soup and flavor. There was absolutely no crab flavor! It was so disappointing to waste a meal in Flushing. I got an order of their kau fu from the cold appetizer section to-go which has been good in the past. While the flavor was fine, I found a piece of black plastic in the food -yuck. Hope I didn't consume any. There are so many better places to spend your money and meals in Flushing. I DO NOT recommend this one.
Came to this restaurant with a friend because we were both craving buns for a while. Needless to say, it satisfied both our cravings!We were quickly seated since the restaurant is pretty spacious! Staff and waitress were also nice.We ordered scallion pancakes with beef (a definite must), pork buns, and crispy noodle with beef. They were all delish and not too oily or greasy. The food came out in a timely manner despite the busy lunch time.Definitely coming back here again and trying the other food on the menu!
Best Shanghainese food in Queens.Their soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and cucumber are must orders.They also have good noodle soups, as well.Their only downfall-long waits and if you're not Chinese or Asian, it is a struggle to get a table. You must be very aggressive.
What was ordered:1. Steamed Pork Bun2. Crab Meat Pork Bun 3. Shao Mai4. Rice Cake w Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard5. Spicy Beef and TripeWe're rating this restaurant entirely on food. If you're particular about service, then maybe this isn't the best Chinese restaurant for you. Also, the place is small and locals eat here, so expect to wait for a table. Once you've ordered, the food comes out in a timely manner. The food is great! Flushing is the place for Chinese.  You can rely on this place to give you only the best. We recommend trying, my personal favorite, the Rice Cake with Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard. It's packed with flavor and you are sure to enjoy the rice cake texture. This place is known for their xiao long bao,(soup dumplings) so, don't leave without having one. We really wished they had a bigger drink selection though. @TheHungersons
I was looking for some knock dead Xiao Long Bao and found this location at the top of the list.Arrived there at 1:00 pm on a Tuesday. It is caddie corner on same street the new Hilton is located in Flushing. This should tell you street parking is non existent. So good if you find parking in parking lot either across street if lucky, or better three blocks up where there is a massive two story garage which is usually also a challenge to find a spot.Small cafe sized location. I should have known there was going to be an issue when they were handing out wait numbers. Not good if you have to get back to the office from lunch on time. So what am I saying? Think sardine can, where people had to wait outside because it was so crowded waiting inside.Wait staff need some training in courtesy. Since we were not able to get a seating we ordered take out - we decided to eat elsewhere but I had to try their claim to fame. One order of Xiao Long Bao - you will wait 15 minutes!!! Okay, I bit the bullet and waited. I kid you not when within that long 15 minute wait I watched four .. FOUR separate groups of people walk in, were told they had to wait, and then just went elsewhere. Wow! Really popular, BUT they weren't willing to wait as us smucks.Finally got the Xiao Long Baos ~$7+.It was a fair amount perhaps 6-8 (don't remember)Packaged properly, came with sauce, chop sticks and napkins without having to request.Getting back to office after we had lunch at Asian Jewels around corner - wait was 2-3 minutes, I tried out the baos. Here's my verdict:Decent, but there is place along side LIRR that is a bit better and the wait is not so insane - and what you get is much better. Not worth waiting 15 minutes for a take out, and certainly the 20 -30 minutes it will take you to get seated if you are on a schedule.Don't trust the reviews. They must have had someone pad it. My patience, taste buds, wallet and ability to find street parking validates a honest and straight forward assessment on this particular experience at this specific time period.Bon Appetite
I've gone here since I was a baby and would only be able to eat the silken tofu with honey for breakfast! This place holds near and dear to my heart because over the years I've grown up with craving these soup dumplings time and time again. With more soup dumpling places opening up in flushing, now there's really no need to go here only BUT i still choose to because it's a part of me. The quality has gone down i must say unfortunately but i also know how hard it is to keep up with demand and rising costs for food and rent in an area that is developing with dessert fads and slow gentrification. They have expanded over the years to include the space from the two restaurants they neighbor because lines would be out the door regardless of what time you try going there. The soup dumplings are still hand made behind the register in front and it salvages the authenticity of what i grew up on with my parents coming here and needing a booster seat
Can't believe how rude and how unprofessional their waiters is! It took me forever to wait till one of the waitress came to order my food, then once she order she told another waitress that she forgot what I had order and told her to come Oder my food again.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has continued to do a phenomenal job at satisfying my soup dumpling cravings as well as many classic asian snacks such as scallion pancakes, fried dough and top it all off with soy milk. I highly recommend trying some cold side dishes, Fried Bean Gluten which is comes with shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shoots and everything in this side is extremely flavorful as it has probably been marinating for a while! If you like spice and spicy, definitely try the Spicy Beef Tripe bursting with szechuan peppery goodness! It has been over 5 years since my first review of this amazing soup dumpling spot and the soup dumplings are still bursting with flavor and the perfect ratio of skin to meat to soup. Not the best soup dumplings but definitely the best Queens has to offer. I also recommend trying the wontons in spicy peanut sauce as it is very flavorful and the peanut sauce is great!
Stopped here on a whim, and boy was I glad I did! Everything looked and smelled fantastic, and the soup dumplings are some of the best I've had in town. I will definitely be back soon!
i have been to this restaurant for breakfast and lunch for some time, the vegetable dumplings are so good that i have it evwrytime i was there. but the cashier was always busy with the phone orders, besides this, this place was good for Chinese dumplings.
Had the opportunity to visit this restaurant on the last view visits out in NYC and food has always been consistent.  The soup dumplings were nice on a cold night and also tried the beef noodle soup, which was okay.  As with any asian restaurant, come for the food and affordability and disregard the customer service.
I called in to order take out for my pregnant wife. I was on hold the first time for 17 minutes no one took my order. I called back and the host who picked up the first time answered again. Her name was Amina, she was very rude and said that the restaurant was busy and put me on hold again. I was on hold another 15 minutes and was cut off. I call back one more time and Amina answers again I tell her I was cut off. In a aggravated tone Amina quickly say please hold. I'm now on hold for the third time. A gentlemen named Jose picks up and takes my order literally walk into the restaurant. There's no line and very few customers dining in the restaurant. I ask to speak to the manager. A women walks up to me doesn't tell me ( I later as Jose, he tells me her name is Kate) her name. I make my complaint, she says "oh that's not acceptable and basically brushes me off. I shock the your key staff members are so rude. I found my experience to be extremely unpleasant. And if not for my wife's crazing I would have said forget it and cancel my order.  I don't think I well spend my money else where in the future. This is a poor representation of the Cheesecake Factory brand. Do better Cheesecake Factory
I was here on a Friday night with two friends. We waited twenty minutes for a table. Not bad of a wait. I can't say much about this restaurant. I had the steamed vegetable dumplings and thought it was really good. It was generously stuffed with vegetables. I also had the beef scallion pancake. I though the beef scallion pancake was good. The sliced beef was lean and had savory brown sauce over it. Coming from someone who is more of a vegetable fan than a meat fan, I wish it had more scallions on it. Service was okay. I wish I had my tea refilled more often.
Attentive service for tea refills and the scallion pancakes were very tasty. Ate alone and  scallion pancakes and steamed pork dumplings were more than I could handle. Nice price at $12.
Small yet great menu. The soup dumplings with crab and pork are great! Could eat them everyday! Also had the scallion with beef! Amazing! Ordered fried pork, didn't think it came out so soft and yummy and just perfect!  Will definitely come back soon!
Awesome Dim Sum place! obviously anyone who knows dim sum, the prices are just ridiculous for the quality and amount of food you are getting. We ordered three and were completely stuffed and struggled to finish. The crab meat and pork steam buns, the pan fried pork and the pork in spicy peanut sauce.Free tea and fast service. Would easily come back after a Mets game.
This review is just for what I ate on that day... Need to come back to try other dishes..After watching so many China' & Taiwan's Drama, I wanted to eat Crullers and drink Fresh Soy Milk...Crullers: fried, not sweet, just taste like dough and oil.Hot Fresh Soy Milk: light taste, couldn't stop drinking it... It's better than the one from the box ...Cash Only!Clean place!Nice service!
Must have Soup Dumpling... Love the Spicy Cold beef and tripe appetizer...Their rice cake is great and shredded pork noodle is must...
Made the hike out to Flushing from the UWS and ordered 6 pork and 6 pork & crab soup dumplings. The hike was completely worth it as both were great. However, next time I go back, I will stick with just the pork and crab because there was something more flavorful and delightful about the broth. I also had a beef dish, but my friend ordered it and didn't catch the name. I thought it was good, but not as good as the soup dumplings! I can't wait to go back for those.
Great Yelp find! Dishes come out super fast and everything was delicious!! Obviously order the crab pork Xiao long bao - soup dumplings. They're amazing! We got there around 6:30pm and only waited 5 mins. When we left the line was around the corner!
Their soup dumplings and their scallion pancakes were delicious! This was my first time coming here but it did not disappoint. My only complaint was that I wish the staff was more attentive, we were there for about 45 mins but they never refilled our tea or came by to ask how our food was. That being said, the food was very tasty!
So juicy and yummy. Recommended by friends and ended up here. Didn't regret, the soup dumplings are really good. Too bad I can't eat any gluten, regardless, I ate the soup and the meat inside, still very delicious.
Things you need to know:- If you like soupy dumplings and have never been here, do yourself a favor and go NOW.- Their soupy dumplings will lead to pure ecstasy.- Definitely get the beef scallion pancake.- I made the mistake of going there on a Saturday for brunch and the wait was RIDICULOUSLY long.- Service is not excellent. You'll get your order eventually.I honestly cannot get over their soup dumplings. There has been times when I craved it so much that I dined there like three consecutive times.
Folks, if you're on a budget, this place is a must. Not only is it incredibly delicious and filling, it's so cheap, the only guilt you'll feel when you leave is from being a glut. There were 4 in our group and with tax and tip, we all left feeling very full for only $10 each.I had bookmarked this place exactly a year to the day before I dined here last night. That totally wasn't planned but I thought it was funny how things work out sometimes. I was in the area after watching the Mets Opening Watch Game at CitiField and suggested this place because it was the closest venue from all my other bookmarks, but I digress. Let's talk about the food.If you didn't know, Nan Xiang is known for their soup dumplings and judging by their ever creeping expansion, it looks like they know a thing or two on the subject. They initially started off as a single space but took over the spaces on both their right and left, creating a three room restaurant. Unfortunately, their menu isn't very vegetarian friendly but I did manage to find a couple of things I could eat. The meat packed soup dumplings were out of the question for my plate so I'll leave it to you to rely on the hundreds of other reviews recommending them. Instead, I'll advocate to the small number of vegetarians who knowingly walk into restaurants with a 99.9% meat based menu with their carnivore companions, and boldly ask the waitress* (who believes scallions are a type of meat) if there's anything else that doesn't contain meat. *To her credit, she did warn me about the shrimp powder that's in a lot of the foods that doesn't list meat in the description.They were out of the obvious choice: Steamed Vegetable Dumplings, so I settled on Youtiao (kind of like a long flaky doughnut - so very good that I ate as is without dipping into the sweet soy sauce), Cucumber & Garlic (they forgot to add cilantro in the description, which was the best part!) and Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don sans meat but with extra bokchoi (they did not give me extra bokchoi!).
I came here a few days after trying Joe's Shanghai (granted that was around 11pm) and my first reaction is that it's much better than Joe's Shanghai. It could be that my last experience was late at night but the XLB was less dry on the outside and the other dishes we tried were pretty good as well, however, they were oily and overly salty in Canto style. Our server was nice and patient and we had no problem with the service or the speed. There were plenty of other non-Asians eating at the place on a weekday at noon, my only complaint is that the other customers were a little loud.
I've came here multiple of times during the day and the their soup dumplings and noodle dishes were really good. There's always a wait line when you come here in the afternoon and peak time. Their prices are not too expensive either which is a plus! One night, I was craving for soup dumplings after my classes and one of my friend told me it was open until late. I really had no idea and I was excited to go because I haven't had soup dumplings for a while. The restaurant was pretty empty (only two other parties) and the person at the front had be waiting for about five minutes to be seated... Meanwhile she was busy talking to her friend. Like really? You could have at least seated us first. There were multiples of tables open, but the waiter wanted my boyfriend and I to sit next to another pair of couple. I get it that you don't want to have to wipe down an extra table at the end of the day.. But .. Really?! I don't think that couple would appreciate such company when there are tons of other seats. I would like my personal space also. Anyhow, we ordered soup dumplings and the Shanghai fried noodle. My excitement for soup dumplings was thrown down the drain when I took my first bite :( All our dishes were definitely not fresh. The soup dumplings were not hot and the noodles were cold and hard. It tasted like they microwaved the plate of food and brought it out for us. Not tasteful. I was very disappointed. On a regular basis, I will definitely give this place AT LEAST a four star because their food are actually really delicious and yummmyyyy! But this night experience was very unpleasant and threw me off. I'll definitely know next time to not come back at night.
I was in the area and was looking for some xiao long bao. The service is really lacking in this place. The waiter had to be flag down to get refills on beverages. Our food came out fast. We ordered pork xiao long bao ($5.75) which was very standard. I highly recommend the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don which was really amazing. The dish has great favor making  it stand out from other dishes. The pan fried dumpling ($6.50) took longer then the other dishes. The pan fried dumpling was okay but the dumpling skin was very thick and greasy. I would avoid ordering this dish at this location. It was my first time ordering the scallion pancake with sliced beef was good. I highly recommended this dish as well. The scallion pancake covering the beef was very thick. The slicked beef was delightful.Overall, meh. I would probably come back in the future
We used to love this place but it looks like the ownership/chef changed because everything here is super salty, oily, and full of msg.  Our pork chop noodle soup had a few pieces of wilted bok choy, stale pork chop, and cloudy soup base with enough salt & msg to make you gasp for water.  The noodles were meh.  The stir fried rice cake with Pork was undercooked, oily, and had black burn marks.  At least the soup dumplings were passable,  but you can definitely taste the extra salt & msg.  Go elsewhere for your soup dumpling fix.
Maybe there have been changes in their kitchen team? Came back for dinner recently after not having passed by in a long time. The dumplings are just not the same anymore - thicker skin, not as much juice. Still well worth for the price though!
Had the seafood Udon noodle, very tasty and filling. Service was quick even on busy sunday eve and reasonably priced. Looking forward to the freshly fashioned dumplings i watched them make
3 things you must try: the soup dumplings - 小笼包, spicy beef and tripe - 夫妻肺片, and the scallion pancakes with beef. Their service was great, the food were authentic, and the price is reasonable. The soup dumplings were super juicy, one of the the best I've ever had! I would highly recommend this place!
I don't think I've have such delicious soup dumplings for a very long time!! I was starting to get bored of all the soup dumplings I've had at most places...but then, my sister took me to Nan Xiang Dumpling House!!! The skin is perfectly thin but chewy (how is that possible, you ask? I don't know how they did it either!), and the soup inside of the dumpling was plentiful and flavorful. Good sized, and came out quickly. We also tried their chives & egg fried bun (i think that's what they called it), it's also one of the best ones I've had. Even better than the one my dad makes at home (shh...)! Those are the two dishes that dazzled me most. I also tried their spicy wontons, but those were less than mediocre. It was very plain, so we ended up putting a bunch of soy sauce and vinegar with the wontons. Not what you're supposed to do...but oh well. Like all restaurants, they have good and not-so-good dishes. You just have to know which ones to order!
This place is my family's, friends and boyfriend spot to go too! We love their soup dumplings mixed with crab meat and pork, their sautéed vegetables, shredded pork, dessert dumplings, their soups and their customer service is great! I love this place, on the weekends you may encounter a wait, it's a small place but amazing !
Order from a menu, not from rolling carts.  Made fresh to order but very quick.Very good soup dumplings.  Scallion pancake with beef outrageous. Server was very helpful, efficient, friendly and spoke perfect English.  Hand made dumpling very good   CASH only.  ABSOLUTELY worth a try.  We'll be going back.  Four star experience elevated to five since their prices are so reasonable.
Just got hired at a job in Flushing and, being that I am the unofficially appointed caucasian 6God of Asian cuisine, I couldn't be happier to work in Flushing. As a self-proclaimed non-shitty-human-foodie, I was eager to try this spot out. I'm from Seattle, and I think soup dumplings were invented there like a year or two ago there, so excuse my prior ignorance. The place has no English signage on the exterior, so I struggled-walked past it, giving a confused look into google maps yet pretending to know where I was going. Definitely walked by it, then walked by it again, then found it. That being said, places without English signage are usually the real fuckin deal. It's like either it's going to be a good, authentic restaurant, or maybe a massage parlor where a shorty will play with your dillz at the end of the massage.I couldn't really understand the menu, but I know Eddie Huang said to just order the soup dumplings, so I just asked for "soup dumplings" and was rewarded. Having never tried soup dumplings, I googled "How to eat soup dumplings" which led me to watching a fat white guy tell me (a skinny white guy) how to eat this Chinese dish. I mean cuz really only a white person would search that, let alone make a video tutorial. Whatever man, I searched it. Anyways, shit was pure, scorching-hot greatness. I sat at the table for a moment after my first bite, basking in the glory of my present lituation. You already know I mass-texted the photo I took to all of my non-Asian friends in an effort to flex and claim my spot on the throne of white people who eat cool food aka I'm a fucking herb.Oh also, they don't take card, so I had to walk to the nearest ATM which is hella far. That's a pretty shameful walk imo.
Very good dim sum. We ordered so much food. Loved the soup dumplings! The prices were great!  Very well worth the travel from Brooklyn to Flushing! :-)
Food is good, but the waitress would not let people sit down when they have plenty of empty tables, trying to create a sense of popular. Very stupid management style. Waste of time
Hole in the wall place, doesn't look pretty but the food was amazing. I was visiting the area and ate here twice!
The pork crab soup dumplings and rice cake with shredded pork and shanghou Mai were all amazing!!
Soup dumplings and the soy milk were the only things that are decent.  Nothing special.The chive pie and the udon middle were so oily.  The pan fried pan bun were doughy and thick.  Not worth it.Cash only.  Services were lacking and the servers were playing on their phones.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao makes the soupiest soup dumplings I have ever had. I went on Sunday afternoon, around 2-3, and the line was still out the door. The wait time itself wasn't too bad since people don't linger after finishing their food. It seemed that everyone was drawn to the restaurant by rumors that these soup dumplings rival, or even trump, those of Joe's Shanghai. By the time we were seated, I was famished. We ordered the regular pork soup dumplings, husband and wife tripe, scallion pancake with sliced beef and baby cucumbers. All of the portions were extremely generous.The tripe was extremely flavorful- it certainly didn't lack any spices. There was also a lot of beef slices. Most cucumbers are just dumped in garlic sauce and lack flavor but these baby cucumbers were definitely marinated. Scallion pancake is an all time favorite dish of mine and I'm a firm believer that meat makes everything better. Naturally, I ordered this. It turned out to be a little overwhelming, merely because of how large the portion was and how much meat they gave us. Three slices ended being super filling. The pancake was thick to begin with and then stuffed with meat. As for the soup dumplings, I can't decide who has the better soup dumpling between Nan Xiang and Joe's but I am certain Nan Xiang has more soup and more filling. Overall, it was a very filling meal and great value for the price.Another great tip is that if you want any of the food from other restaurants, you can order it and have it delivered to your table because the owner owns all the joints in the block.
All the things are so so compared to me. And I came during a busy hour. But that doesn't give them an excuse to just make the udon soup literally taste like they put some water in it. Not only that but they only give about 3 small pieces of beef for my beef pancake. And not only that, but some of the things are dirty too(utensils and cups).
Came here for a late dinner around 11PM on a Saturday night. We thought the restaurant was closing at midnight but it closed at 1AM. The restaurant was very busy throughout our entire meal. Pros: - All of these dishes tasted amazing: Beef Pan Fried Noodles, Pork Soup Bun, Crab Meat Soup Bun - I personally liked the pork soup buns better - We all agreed that the hot Soymilk drink tasted better than the cold one, and it was cheaper by 50 cents. It's less sweet than the cold one. Cons:- One coed bathroom - The scallion pancake was going to take 30 min so we didn't wait for it
No doubt the best place for xiao long bao. The only drawback is that I only like their xiao long bao, the rest is just so so...
First timer here on a Saturday with my group of friends after a late run. We got here at around 11:30pm-12am. It took a while to get us seated since there were still many people that late. The staffs weren't rude but they weren't the nicest either. After getting seated, we ordered and the waiter that took our order decided not to write any of our orders down which included 2 cold and 2 hot soy milk, 4 soup dumplings (xiao long bao), noodles and scallion pancake. The soy milk came quickly and it was so delicious. I highly recommend their soy milk on hot or cold. Then 2 batches of soup dumplings came. It was very flavorful and delicious. After receiving and finishing the first 2 batch of soup dumplings. We waited a long time wondering if the waiter had forgotten the other 2 batches. Turns out he didn't even get the order right. We even cancelled the scallion pancake off the list because he forgot that too. We weren't going to wait another half an hour for be scallion pancake since it was close to closing.
I was really excited to come here and taste the food but I have to say I was disappointed with the service, taste and cash only option. I won't be back.
Ok I'm a foodie, so this review + rating is independent of my thoughts on the service. Soup dumplings are ok, nothing to get mindblown over. Scallion pancakes were definitely good. Other things to try: the pan fried udon is good, as well as the pan fried rice cakes. All in all, this place doesn't really live up to the hype.If I were to give a review on the service, they get 0 stars. Awful service. Sometimes they blatantly ignore you waving your hand at them. Recommendation: Normal XLB, and go to Kung Fu XLB instead.
People say you are what you eat, but I don't remember eating disappointment. I came here for xiao long bao, but the skin was too thick and they are not juicy. However, their other dishes are good and the portion is just right.
The subway trip from Manhattan to Flushing is approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Are the xiao long bao (XLB) at Nan Xiang Dumpling House worth this commute? Hell yeah they are. After having XLB in California, the DMV, and many, many times at Joe's Shanghai, I can confidently say Nan Xiang's are the very best. The skins are not too thick and not too thin; flexible enough to hold the soupy filling, but never cracking. The pork and crab filling is flavorful and plentiful. The dumplings, themselves, are the plumpest I've seen; it takes at least four -- yes, four -- sips to finish all the soup in a dumpling. Anywhere else, only two. I had a chance to try one of their traditional Taiwanese breakfast items: chinese donuts (not like American donuts at all) and hot unsweetened soy milk. I did not think this was worth having again. Save your stomach space for dumplings only! Nearby are large Taiwanese malls with amazing food courts, so the long commute to Flushing is definitely worth it if you start early and have at least three hours to kill. That way, you can have breakfast AND lunch! I'll definitely return here on subsequent NYC visits.
Great for that "late night" dining experience.(( Scenario: You're out on a Saturday night, have had a little too much to drink, or maybe just a mere a sip of your whiskey sour, and you leave the bar say at 12:30am. Dang, I'm hungry you think to yourself.. but lo and behold, there's not a single place open at this time of day, and you're not craving the all you can eat hot pot down the street... but then... BANG. There it is. Xiao Long Bao.You step in - already you smell the soupy delicious awesome goodness - and you think to yourself is... hell. freaking. yes. lets do this. ))Need I say more? Their xiao long bao really are soupy deliciousness, perfect for those nights where you just want something warm and gratifying after a night of (potentially) questionable calls.Side note: A bit chilly if you're sitting in the room where everyone enters and exits, wasn't because of the door being opened and closed, maybe it was the air conditioning system, or maybe I'm just constantly chilly.
The best soup dumplings in town. I usually get soy milk with it during the summer time but just beware cause sometimes it goes bad before they give it to u last time i had to exchange it cause it gave a funny aftertaste and the replacement was from the same batch and I just kept it and didnt drink it. The waiters arent that attentive but at the same time i dont really care cause im there with my friends and usually they give us what we need before walking away
Amazing and so reasonable! 4 of us eat quite a bit and the bill was $46 + tip. Great Tripe, Fried Pork buns, Udon noodles and Crab and pork dumplings!
Love their service. Very kind and quick. Scallions pancakes are delicious. And gotta say, the soup dumplings are one of the best in NY. Gonna go back here more and try more stuff :)
This is my favorite restaurant in flushing! My go to place especially in the winter for the soup dumplings. I Love love love their xiao long bao! Freshly made and relatively quick. However, there is always a long line. But it's definitely well worth it. Always satisfy my soup dumpling cravings. Also recommend their Shanghai noodles and dumplings!
This is a great place to visit if you want to try some authentic Chinese food. The food here is delicious, and there's a great variety of food, with traditional dishes that originate from all parts of China. Some of the dishes are small and relatively cheap, so you can try a bunch of them.
They gave me a fake 5 dollar bill. Some girl who worked September 13, around 630pm. I asked for change of 5 dollars and they gave me a fake 5 dollar bill. I'm am so upset. Don't go here they pass on fake money
Delicious.  Soup dumplings, salty soy milk, and sticky rice log - yum yum yum.  Would definitely come back and try the other items.
I will come to this place again and every time thereafter when I'm forced to visit this overpopulated neighborhood. The beef and chili noodle soup is SPICY af so beware (but still so good). Soup dumplings (classic) on point. The end.
Love this place! Seriously, if you are in search of Xiao Long Bao then you have found it! The wrappers are so delicate and thin which makes the meat/soup the real focal point of the dumplings! Free hot tea upon being seated, smiling servers, a price point that is on the mark (under $6 - for the Pork).If you are taking the time to Yelp this place specifically looking for "soup dumplings" then do not hesitate and go!
Stop overhyping this place. I mean for those of you who give this place 5 stars, have you ever had real good soup dumplings in your life? If you ever had real legit soup dumplings or any real good Chinese breakfast in China. You will know everything this place offers are merely average at the best. I mean i've been to this place a couple of times and it never impress me in any way. Don't get me wrong, their dishes are not bad tasting or horribly wrong in any way. But seriously, if you think this place is good, then most of restaurants in Flushing would receive 5 stars. Branch out and try different things. For example, Kung Fu xiao long bao offers better soup dumplings. And Red Bowl Noodle Soup offers better breakfast menu. They are all on Main street. Try them now. You can thank me later. :D
This is one of my favorite places to get xiao long bao. Both regular pork and the crab/pork mix are great. I love their scallion pancakes too. can sometimes be a little oily, but so good.Wait time can be a bother depending on when you come. Weekends are hard. And it's CASH ONLY so make sure you hit up the ATM beforehand.Parking is the worst in flushing, so good luck if you're trying to come here on a Friday night.
I'd have to say I had high expectation for this dumpling house because of its popularity. I got the crab and pork soup dumpling,pan fried pork dumpling, spicy beef and tripe, cucumber and garlic, fried bean gluten, soy milk, and pork chop noodle soup for around 43 bucks total. BEWARE: it is a very small appetizer portion except for the soy milk and pork chop noodle. The dumplings come in 6 pieces for around 7 bucks and everything else on the menu is around 7-9 bucks. Overall favorite: spicy beef tripe and I wish they have bigger portionDUMPLINGS: both dumplings were alright. I expected more flavor and nice texture to the skin but it was just like any other dumplings I've tasted. CROWDS: it got crowded during weekend nights!
This restaurant used to be decent with dependable service and a friendly staff. It has gone only downhill since then. As I am writing this, I am still waiting for my shao long baos. It's very depressing when you arrived before everyone around you and everyone has paid and left before you. The staff is less than lackluster at best. Upon multiple friendly reminders of my missing dishes, the staff continued to focus on her other tables (it's was only 12:30pm mind you- a time where shao long buns are not craved by the general Asian population). I left hungry and will go to another more respectful place that places their customers first.
Are the soup dumplings better than Joe Shanghai's? Prob on par, but the rest of the food is so much better. I have been here at least 10 times and I have always been pleased with the meal here. The other stuff at Joe's is very mediocre, flavors are definitely white washed. I love the fact that this restaurant expanded a long time ago, the waits here were always crazy and rightfully so.The food:Steamed Pork Buns- this is the reason you come here. I prefer the original over the crab addition. I feel the crab doesn't offer much in terms of flavor nor texture. The dumplings are excellent. They are dumplings filled with a pipping hot broth that you slurp before you consume the dumpling. There is also a vinegar ginger dipping sauce that cuts the richness of the dumplings quite well. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef- I like the flavors of this dish but it tends to run on the oily side. It's a scallion pancake with slices of beef, hoisin and scallions. Kinda reminds me of Peking duck, but with beef. The oil magnifies even more when it gets cold. I like this dish but it can be tweaked. Also, the pancake is pretty on the thick side and it's filling as shit! yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef & Tripe- I really like this dish a lot. It's kinda like a spicy beef and tripe salad. The beef and tripe are super tender and the flavors are explosive. This dish is awesome with beer. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef Tendon- it has the color of a nuclear orange. It's kinda weird looking but the flavors are nice. The tendon is tender and unctuous and the chili oil complements the tendon well. It's a good, not great dish. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan Fried Pork Dumplings- I was pretty happy with the pan fried. The bottom was crunchy and the filling was juicy. I was really happy with this.Pan Fried Pork Buns- seems like the general trend is all the pan fried dishes are oily and this dish is no different. The flavors of the dish are good but I thought the bun had too much dough.Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce- this dish was kinda weird for me. The wontons are boiled, then put in a bowl with chili oil and some kind of sesame sauce that really resembled thinned out peanut butter. I didn't think the flavors went well together.  I would skip this dish.Shanghai Shao Mai- This is not what you think of when you think of shumai. This sucker has pork and sticky rice. The sticky rice completely threw me off. I liked the fact that the dish is home made but I wasn't crazy about it.Seafood Pan Fried U-Don- I like this dish. It's a stir fried udon with bok choy, shrimp, scallop, fish etc. This dish is not an exciting dish and the flavors aren't explosive but it is a very solid dish. The chew of the udon and the flavors of the seafood with the combination of the soy work well.Rice Cake with Beef- I liked this dish as well. The rice cake offer a nice chewy dough with tender pieces of sliced beef and cabbage. It's not really a exciting dish but the flavors and textures are nice. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pork chop noodle soup- Got this with the chop on the side. The pork chop is excellent, has great flavor and is super tender. The broth and the noodles are pretty straightforward. Nothing too exciting really. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Crispy noodle with seafood- A pretty standard pan fried noodle dish. It's pan fried noodles with a seafood gravy on top, it's a good dish, but nothing exciting really. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Came on a Sunday late afternoon (around 11AM) with 4 people and didn't have to wait. All the food came out very quickly but we had to wait for the pork buns and soup dumplings for a while. We ordered:Salty soybean soup 4/5Sweet soybean soup 5/5Oil stick 3/5Beef in scallion pancake 5/5Pork buns 5/5Soup dumplings 5/5Turnip cakes 4.5/5All of the dishes were really good; first time in flushing for dimsum and I enjoyed it a lot. The soup dumplings were as good as its hyped up to be. Highly recommended. Bill came out to $40 with tip and tax for 4 people.
I finally got to try the infamous soup dumplings! The pork and crab soup dumplings were delicious and hit the spot on a cold winter night. It was not as crowded for a Friday evening as it normally is which is why my visit has been delayed for so long haha. The menu items are decently priced and not a overwhelmingly large selection. The service was okay, I could see some improvement in that area and also the service is not as fast and strangely inconsistent because tables next to us that come after us get their order of the same items earlier than us when we ordered earlier. Sometimes they take the order via memorizing then forgot our order. But the staff is nice so they try to compensate for the inconsistency. The noodle soups are pretty tasty; the fish fillet goes well with the pickled cabagge which I would have never guessed to combine the two items in a noodle soup. The spicy beef soup was flavorful and hit the spot. I think I will try the other small side dishes next time since many people seemed to order it and enjoy it. Remember it is cash only so definitely prepare for that.
Ultra crowded on Friday around 4pm. Long wait for food. Got the beef scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. The beef was inedible - all fat and gristle. The pancake itself was good. The soup dumplings were fine- pretty standard. Overall, the food was not worth the wait or money ($14). This place is overrated.
Loveeeeeeee dis place. Omgah. My stomach wants dumplings NOW lol. I wish they had another establishment in Texas. Came to eat here my 1st time while visiting NYC during winter break and it was so damn good... Mmm. Ordered pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and was it pork fried dumplings?? I forgot.. I need to go back and look at my NYC pics.. The soup dumplings = on point. Idk how they per-fect it, but kudos to them. Just because they are "small" , don't underestimate the power of those dumplings because you will get full! Scallion pancake didn't disappoint either. I love the crispness and greasiness. Cash only!!!! They also serve you hot tea :) You will not regret coming here.
I highly suggest Nan Xiang if your looking for dim sum and small Chinese dishes in Flushing.My favorite dish was the scallion pancakes with beef. They were crispy and delicious. I also liked the pork and vegetable wonton in a spicy soup. The soup sauce had a delicious nutty element too it. It was an unfamiliar taste for a soup. I really enjoyed it. It wasn't too spicy.The service is fast, and the staff brings out your dishes as they're ready...so be careful, they might be hot!! The staff kept our tea and water cups filled.An all around, great experience. I'm eager to go back and try other dishes like the pig ear, rice cakes, and jelly fish.
When you absolutely need to have traditional Chinese food, with fast service, no need to look further than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. I had a simple meal of a Scallion Pancake with an order of Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns. The food was traditionally prepped, and delicious. (Be careful with the crab meat, pieces of shells are still in there.) For travelers, this restaurant is just a block away from the Best Western, Hyatt Place and Sheraton hotels.
Amazing authentic Chinese food. Definitely worth the trip. Some of my favorites were the scallion pancakes, Shanghai udon noodles, steamed and friend dumplings and pork buns. I can't wait to come back!
After eating soup dumplings at different establishments, I have to say this location is at the top of the list by far. Flavourful, just the right amount meat-soup ratio, & CHEAP (a good thing in my opinion). Their other dishes are incredibly delicious as well. My favorite go-to's besides the dumplings:-scallion pancake w. sliced beef-cucumber w. garlic-rice cake w. pork-pork buns (the bottoms get nice & crispy mmm)There can be a wait. Most I've waited was 15-20 mins...it really depends on when you go.I've seen people order the crispy noodles as well so I want to give that a try next visit.Plus, they are Michelin star rated - that has to be a good thing, right?The trek from Brooklyn to Queens is worth it.
Best xiaongbao in Flushing, still. I went for lunch this past Saturday at 2p. Surly dismissive service from host and waiters as is typical of Flushing places thus a lot of the bad press, but go for the food instead. Seating is very competitive but waits are short as the waiters hurry patrons in and out of their meals. Lots of tourists and non-Chinese so it must be listed in tour books and sites. Interior is bright and clean with high efficiency seating arrangement thus no privacy, nearly every table touches another, but a very large seating area and large glass windows makes it feel less claustrophobic than it might otherwise. Service is partial English & certainly Mandarin and preferably Cantonese. Ordering is straightforward with a bilingual menu with photos for all items, ingenuous way to handle the many tourists. All I need to say is they're perfect. The skin is thick enough to tolerate use but not to get in the way. We ordered 2 pork xiaolongbao's (6 per bin) and 1 scallion pancake. The soup inside is just right, a careful recipe of real chicken gelatin in it with nice filling. The scallion pancakes are fried right and not excessively greasy.
Two out of five relative to the hype. The food and service arent really much more than a three out of five. They have a few dishes on the menu that are rarely found but the execution is just ok. Xia long bao is just average. Menu range is limited relative to other shanghai restaurants. There's better shanghai food across the street, imo.
My go-to joint for XLB. Food is cheap, filling, and delicious. No complaints on my end, other than the long lines during Friday-Sunday brunch and dinner hours. Service is pretty quick with no frills. Nothing I have a problem with. For two people, two orders of XLB and one side is enough food to leave you feeling like the michelin man. I've never left Nan Xiang feeling less than stuffed. Also, to the white guy who said he prefers Joe's Shanghai - nothing's stopping you from going to that tourist trap. Bye, Felicia!
Cheap and tasty. It's a restaurant in flushing. I expect the bad service. I'll still return because the food was good.
All I want to say is, why can't they bring this over to the Bay area? I have tried Joe's ShangHai and Din Tai Fung from different locations, I like Nan Xiang the best!The dumpling is big and full of soup, you have to be careful to not have the soup drilling out of your spoon. They make it fresh after you order. We probably waited for about 20 minutes. I also found out that if you order equal or more than two different kinds of dumplings, they usually wait until all flavors are cooked then they bring them together to you. So if you see your next table neighbor got their dumplings first while they ordered a bit latter than you, don't worry, it's not that they forget about your order, it's that they are trying to be efficient and want to bring all your dumplings together all at once.Funny thing was, we went there on a Saturday afternoon, there was a long wait, but the worker told me it was a 20 minutes wait. So I got my number, went to eat at the new food court for about an hour, then when we came back, we still waited 5 minutes for our table! So whatever the worker tells you about your wait time is not correct.
It's been 4 years since my last review and 4 years since I've been here. They have expanded so there was no wait when I arrived friday afternoon around 4pm. I ordered:- Pork soup dumplings- Crab & Pork soup dumplings- Soybean soup with the long fried sticks of dough (not sure what the name is)- Pork & cabbage noodle soup- Scallion pancake with beefThe pork soup dumplings were delicious, just how I remember it. However, for a soup dumpling place AND a shanghainese restaurant, they should know that shredded ginger is important to serve with the dumplings. They bring out a measly amount and when I asked for more, they gave again.. a measly amount. The 'crab' and pork dumplings, tasted EXACTLY like pork dumplings!!!! No sign of crab anywhere! That's when I asked the waitress whether it was crab & pork dumpling. She first says 'I dont know what that is' after showing her the inside of my dumpling. Then she makes a remark saying that i ordered 'PORK AND CRAB' and i'm like I KNOW, where's the crab? She responds by saying 'ITS NOT ALL CRAB.. Yea I know its not all crab, I was pointing out, where's the crab?? All I see & taste is the pork! Did I get 2 orders of the pork dumplings??? The waitress starts muttering to the other waitress in mandarin that I clearly do not know what I ordered. Mind you, I may speak shanghai dialect but I understand mandarin perfectly. By then, I gave up. There was no point in arguing with the chinese. Going back to the food, the pork & cabbage soup was bland, I would not order again. Scallion pancake with beef was a hit with the bf and I thought it was delicious too! There's def hoisin sauce in there. The soybean soup with the fried dough brings back childhood memories and was perfectly crispy & chewy at the same time! All in all, it is def not a 5 star establishment as I remember it to be, the pork dumplings are definitely good but if the pork and crab dumplings DO in fact taste like the pork dumplings, just go ahead and order all pork dumplings, its not worth the extra dollar & confusion when they taste identical.
Joe Shanghai was my go to a few years back for soup dumplings....it's now my 2nd option.  Space is large enough for a big group, but they don't take reservations.
The soup dumplings both pork and crab are always delicious here. Best rice cake with mustard cabbage in Queens!
CASH ONLY. NO DEBIT. NO CREDIT. Okay now let's talk. I loved it. I loved loved loved it! Having been in the Midwest for so long, it is SO nice to be able to sit down and eat a legit xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Especially after taking over an HOUR to get here from a flight into La Guardia (Friday night traffic I suppose). Loved that there was seating right away, cuz this girl was dying to try this place! So I love how juicy and savory these soup dumplings were! The skin was well made too. Both the pork and crab/pork were DEEEE licious! The beef noodle soup was also legit. I wish I were related to the owner/workers so I can eat here all day every day. Behind the glass, you can see the ladies making these yummy little things. I can't wait to go back. Next time I come to NYC I'll be back. No doubt about it! Even with the 1 hour commute, but I'll wisen up - no more Friday night landings into La Guardia.The only thing is the bathroom is not very clean. So, go to the bathroom before coming and eat your heart out and leave before needing to go is the moral I think.
Made famous by Eddie Huang (VICE is my jam), this place lived up to its' hype. The couple times i've come here, it hasn't taken me longer than 5 minutes to be seated. The space, especially in the area right when you walk in to the restaurant is a bit cramped, but it is bearable.The atmosphere is quiet, service is average, but the food is amazing. If you're like me and you enjoy being able to hear your friends speak over dinner, this is a great spot to come chill and enjoy some bomb XLBs.I've had the crab and pork XLBs (Soup dumplings), the scallion pancake (w/ and w/o beef), and a noodle soup. This is usually my go-to spot just for soup dumplings so my review may be a bit narrow in variety. But these XLBs are delicious. The soup packs a punch, not too greasy, and full of flavor. The crab in my opinion is not really worth the extra buck because the flavor is so masked by the black vinegar (please stop poking holes into your XLBs). On its' own, its alright. The scallion pancakes with beef are good as well, but may I recommend this... Get the scallion pancakes. Put sugar on them. Then immediately access yelp, come back to this review, and thank me for making your life wonderful again. Overall, it's quiet, dimly lit, and delicious. And theres a snowdays next door so you can cooldown with some dessert after!
Really good food, Dim Sum etc...  The place is always packed be prepared to wait.
I've had NYC's XLB once in Manhattan's Chinatown so I don't have much to compare Nan Xiang to but it's a solid four stars. We came on a Sunday night with the hope of snacking our way through Flushing so we only got XLB, sheng jian bao (pan fried), and a green onion pancake. In order of my favorites:- Holy smokes, the green onion pancake knocked my socks off! It might be one of the best ones I've ever had - extremely crispy and chewy, light and airy, perfectly salted. Great texture.- XLB was great, though maybe not the best I've had. They're a bit doughier than what I'm used to (see Richmond, BC) and there wasn't as much of that fatty porky flavor in the juice. Still delicious but I wouldn't pick it as among my favorite XLBs. Also we didn't get ginger - not sure if you have to ask for it but oh well.- Pan fried buns were good, not great. That's all I have to say.All in all, Nan Xiang is good, worth checking out, but there are better Shanghainese places in North America.
I've heard a lot of people say this is the best xiao long bao in NY so I've had this bookmarked for a while. And when my boyfriend and I went food hopping in Flushing I made a point to include this stop. After all, my boyfriend have never had xiao long bao before. Since we were already pretty full we only ordered a serving of xiao long bao. It was pretty late on a weekday night so it wasn't crowded and service was quick. The soup dumplings themselves were quite good but I have to admit it was a little overshadowed by everything else we ate beforehand. And I do need to revisit Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai cafe before I once again decide which is my top pick out of the three. Until then this place is getting 4 stars.
Came here for the soup dumplings of course! I've never had to wait too long to be seated, and the food comes out pretty quickly. The soup dumplings are a good size, and have a great broth inside. They're thick enough that they won't rip when you pick them up, but thin enough so that they're not so doughy. Cheap too! The place may not be immaculate, and the service is mediocre but that's normal for Flushing. Can't hate on it! Even if you don't have much time, you can be in and out of here pretty quickly - they don't take much time giving you your check back when you're done with your meal (a pet peeve of mine)
Shanghai pork soup dumpling are very good. Not as good as Din tai Fung in California. A bit too big to be authentic.Rice cakes are average. Too small and peppery.Scallion pancakes are very crunchy and worthy. Not a lot of scallion flavorSoy milk and yau tiu are good.Cash only sucks.
Worth the wait, usually a pretty fast turnaround time. Love the fresh soy milk. The cold tripe and beef dish was delicious with the cilantro, highly recommend! Best crab and pork soup dumplings I've ever had! The skin was super thin and the broth inside was very tasty. The fried dough was good but nothing special. The pan fried buns are another item I recommend to get. The scallion pancake with beef was ok, kinda dry.
This place had long wait time, but the service was fast. I mean they weren't the best at serving but their soup dumplings are good. They have good other dishes too, but I ordered 4 crates of soup dumpling with my friend sooooo.... try it and you will see for yourself.
The soup dumplings here are amazing. And the prices are quite reasonable. Most things on the menu are actually pretty good too. This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings aside from Din Tai Fung. Note that it will be pretty full around meal times but they do get people in and out somewhat quickly.
Good food, good prices. Xiaolongbao hits the spot. Probably my favorite next to the not-so-average Joe's. Their other stuff is pretty tastey too, especially the beef wrapped in scallion pancake or the pan fried buns. You know what, close your eyes and point (defeats point of pictures on the menu). I haven't had the soup noodles but it'll probably be good. They're always busy, so be prepared to wait. Unless you're a really early bird. Then try their breakfast. yum.
Xiao long bao, bitch!This is legit as it can get. Salute to Eddie Huang for putting me on this spot. We trekked all the way from the city for this on our last vacation and it did not disappoint.Make sure to walk around and look for the carts with beef tongue and other bomb ass skewers.I am reminded of Jin's infamous 106 & Park Freestyle Friday battle when dining here. One of the realest ever, son was straight cold with the bars "had my eggrolls and my dumplings in her mouth!"
I don't see the hype surrounding Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao... Don't get me wrong. Their food is good. The one time I came here with my parents, we ordered the usual.. Crab meat soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. For me, if a Chinese restaurant wants to impress me, make good scallion pancakes. If you can't even get this BASIC Chinese staple correct, you've got NO chance. On that note, Nan Xiang did not disappoint. Their scallion pancakes are pretty good. But my parents and I, weren't so impressed with the soup dumplings. Taste and quantity-wise, we'd prefer Joe's Shanghai. I'd rather pay $7.95 for 8 delicious soup dumplings, than what they offer you at Nan Xiang. And overall, I prefer the menu at Joe's Shanghai.
I love this place. I usually get the pork dumplings and the scallion pancakes with beef. If you get there early enough, definitely try the soy milk. great place for cheap eats in Flushing.
Better than the soup dumplings in mainland, China imo. Be prepared to wait in line if you come during a busy time.
L-o-v-e Plump full bodied soup dumplings!!! These Xiao long baos are not shrivelled or mushy at all. An order comes with six mouth watering delicious hot dumplings. These dumplings are much bigger than the ones I've tried because they are filled with so much soup( Great thing) !! The skin is thicker than I prefer but it holds in the soup so well and still remains delicate as a Xiao long Bao should. We ordered both the crab XLB and pork XLB. Both were delicious but if I were to come alone and could only handle 1 order I'd say go for the crab XLB. Other than their XLB, Nan xiang looks like they also have a lot of other items that are worth ordering at ridiculously low prices. We ordered the jelly fish dish out of the cold items list and it did not disappoint. Their soy milk is also something that you must try.Overall, absolutely delicious! Home run! So good that I can disregard their C grade from the health department! There is absolutely nothing that will stop me from seeking out these little dumplings every time that I'm in town.
I'm late to post my review on this gem of place in my hometown of Flushing. I have not returned home in 7 years and had list of restaurants I wanted to visit but after seeing the Fung Bros Flushing food crawl, I knew I needed to eat here first. When you arrive you will be greeted by the groups of people waiting inside and outside to be seated. Do not get in line you need to go inside and get a number. I waited about 25 min but it was well worth the wait. Once inside it's very busy and you are immediately engulfed by the wonderful aromas and watching the waitresses brings towers of dim sum to the table near by.  You are given hot tea with a small dish of ginger, I thought it was for my tea but it really it's for the soy sauce regardless the tea was good. I ordered xiao long bao which is pork soup dumplings, pan fried udon noodles and pan fried dumplings.  The soup dumplings was everything I expected it to be, a hot soupy pork filled dumpling of deliciousness! I literally was in heaven! The udon noodles were delicious as well they had the right amount of sauce on it as was flavorful but the Pam fried dumplings were standard as any Chinese take out restaurant. I had no complaints about any of my dishes.If you happen to be in Flushing this is a must try, you won't regret it. I want to go back home just so I can go eat here again!
soup dumplings is what you get there, yes small place - could get crowded- The best kept secret in flushing- worth the trip- great prices
Was a regular customer here for more than 6 years and just had the shitest customer service here, again. The receptionist With a million false lashes had no manner and even though the food was great and the price is reasonable I'd not give it another dine in experience. we stood in front of her waiting to be served but instead of turning back to look at us she continued chatting with others for two straight minutes. Because my mom knew she was plain on ignoring us and told her we had 4 she said one word, "inside". There's two sides and so it wasn't immediately clear where exactly we had to go so she rolled her fake looking Barbie eyes to the left and repeated "inside" 3 more times, each time louder than the previous. I mean, come on, can't we hire some well mannered and educated receptionist?
What the restaurant lacked for in ambiance, they made up in flavor. Prices were extremely cheap, and portions were large. I would reccomend the spicy wontons or the crunchy seafood noodles. Would highly reccomend and go again.
Great soup dumplings! Among the best we've had.Love that Xiao Long Bao is in the name of the place!
The soup dumplings are the bomb! So delicious! But The cups in which they serve the tea always look a little gross   I think it's time for them to Order new ones.
The greatest soup dumplings in NYC!  Better than Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown by a mile.    Now they even expanded into a new extension so the wait is a lot shorter.   Highly recommended and try all of their other dishes too!
Good dumpling place. I saw super high rate on yelp hoping for some amazing 小籠包It was good but not the kind I like. Maybe it's just a different style. Restaurant was rather dirty. Just like typical Chinese restaurant. It wasn't busy but the service was very slow:(
So overrated. Rainy weekday evening no line so we decided to stop in for dinner. Haven't been in years because I always felt it was dirty here. The tables weren't greasy this time, but the food certainly isn't worth waiting on line for.
The food is spot on. The service isn't (as expected from any typical restaurant in Flushing). Quite rude staff, but the orders come quick and precise.
One of my favorite places to get soup dumplings! They have really good stir fried rice cakes with pork, scallion pancakes with beef and cold soybean milk! There is always a line, but the food is worth it.
Bye Joe Shanghai !! Found my new favorite Soup Dumpling spot!I was surprised at how nice the employees were especially since Asian restaurants are notorious for terrible customer service :P Aside from the pork soup dumplings (I ate 3 to myself noms) you MUST order the garlic cucumbers, Beef wrapped pancakes, and Shu Mai :) the Shu Mai reminded me of the Dim Sum dish (Lo Mai Gai) with sticky rice wrapped in a Lotus leaf YUM! I wish Flushing wasn't so far from the city bc Flushing food is so much better!!!
There is a good selection of authentic Chinese food here.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the soup dumplings are the main attraction here.  The scallion pancakes are also quite good: not too greasy but also not too chewy as some other places'.We went late at night and were seated instantly.  Have not been here during peak hours but I hear there is always a long wait.  Be warned that this establishment, like many others in the area, is cash only.
Decent Shanghai restaurant. We ordered a variety of small appetizers to share.Pork Xiaolongbao - Not sure if it's the absolute best, but one of the better ones. Skin was a bit thicker but dumplings were full of soup.Spicy Bamboo Shoots - Could have been a little more spicy.Spicy Beef and Tripe - Well flavored and spiciness was just the right amount.Shanghai Fried Udon - Noodles were a bit hard, but flavor was great. Was a little bit oily, but not as oily as other places I tried.Glutinous Rice Shao Mai - Never had shaomai with glutinous rice before, but I would love to eat this again.Clean restaurant and staff always kept our tea cups filled.
Totally disappointed with the *Xiao Long Bao* here but enjoyed everything else we ordered... Can't win all the time, can we?Let's start off with the under par classic and most popular dish...#failures1.  Steamed Pork Buns - SIGH!2.  Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns - SIGH SIGH!!The extra large Xiao Long Bao kept breaking on us!!!  Soft, thin-layered skin - somewhat soggy on the bottom!  Wth... The skin was too soft and sooooo thin that most of the xiao long baos easily popped with the soup leaked and spilled all over the place.  So SAD!!!  We were all being extra careful while picking the XL xiao long bao out of the steamer but nothing worked!!!  There was just too much soup inside!!!  If only they made the xiao long bao smaller than maybe it would've held it together properly like the way it should.  The soup was more on the greasy and salty side.  The meat was just ok.  Honestly, I didn't find this dish to be outstanding as per other Yelpers.  We didn't feel like eating it after awhile.  Unfortunately, my high/overhyped expectations backfired.  Whyyyyyyyyyyyyy? *poutNow, all of the other dishes we ordered were much better...#winners3.  Scallion Pancake - Order it... order IT.. ORDER it!  Fluffy and crispy at the same time.  Filled with flavor.  Not greasy.  Fried perfectly.  THE BEST I've had so far!4.  Iced Soy Bean Milk - Sweet goodness!Found it strange when the waitress asked my friend, "do you want iced or cold"?  errr, thought it meant the same thing?  LOLs5.  Pan Fried Dumplings - YUM!  Outer layer fried just right.  Tender meat.  6 pcs were not enough!!!6.  Rice Cake with shredded porkSmall pieces.  Easy to chew.  Loved it.  7.  Shanghai Pan Fried U-DonFood came out fast.  Fast service.Last note - Maybe we'll come back and give their Xiao Long Bao another try or maybe we'll just stick with KUNG FU XIAO LONG BAO since our first experience was so much better over there.
The soup dumplings are amazing! Cheap and yummy for any group. I also really love the scallion pancakes. The beef scallion pancakes aren't my cup of tea, but my family loves it. I've been here quite a few times, but the reason why I took off a start was because of service. Previous times they had staff members check on your table for tea or water, but yesterday the scallion pancakes came out before giving tea or water to the table.
This shit is the SHIT! YUMsomeone needa bring this shit to Cali cuz DIn Tai Fung aint got shit on this.
Been here a few times and always order their soup dumplings and spicy beef and tripe. Really like it! Just don't bother getting their crab soup dumplings.
I love Nan Xiang and am always willing to make a hike from Astoria to get my fix of soup dumplings for such an affordable price. The pork soup dumplings and scallion pancake is a must! All of the soups, noodle and rice cake dishes are definitely worth a try as well.
The food is good but not as good as Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. We tried several dishes, Shanghai-fried Seafood noodles, crab meat soup dumplings etc.
Food is pretty good dont get me wrong. But the shitty, service, and slow times. Not worth it. Other places have soup dumplings that are as good.
Best xiao long bao place in Flushing hands down! They have a simple and authentic menu that is very reasonably priced. That's why there's a line at this place at all hours of the day! And worth the wait every time. I love the soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes with beef inside!
Best soup dumpling spot in queens. There's usually a line here but it goes pretty quick. Usually get the original and seafood mixed. Don't forget to use the sauce. The noodle here is great too, in case you aren't full from the dumpling.
I have been craving everything we ate since I came here.I don't ever order Chinese as I don't ever crave it...until now. OmgThe soup dumplings were the best I've ever had. Best scallion pancake I've ever had! Love love loveeeeeed it!!
Just simply wow. I was really a non-believer three or four years ago in 010'/11' when I came. At the time, the soup dumplings were really small with barely any soup. But now they seriously keep stepping up their game! They've officially gained my last star.Nan Xiang always had the better food as Joe's Shanghai's food well... just sucks. I recommend getting these at Nan Xiang's:Beef Scallion pancake- so perfect and delectable. The outside skin has a perfect flaky crispy skin, then when you bite into it the pancake is soo soft with delicious beef fillings and the sweet sauce to cut the scallion and salty grease taste.Spicy beef & tripes- I can't handle a tad of spice at all it but I LOVE this dish. The hot spicy oil flavor is soo great that it's worth me crying and burning my tongue over. Also the beef cuts are my usual fave that I get at shanghai cuisines and at home (beef shank) And though I hate eating tripe due to my list of certain food phobia... But just yesterday my bf convinced me somehow to try it and he's right. You can't really tell or taste it's tripe. It's softer and tender than other tripes and just not creepy and icky.The xiao long baos(soup dumplings) here are much soupier than Joe's and they've even stepped up their crab meat too... But Joe's still has more crab meat and crab taste in theirs. Also Nan Xiang has a better put together skin, it's firm but delicate at the same time plus their skins not too thick. I also give props to them for being consistent! This place overall hits the spot for sure.
A lot of great reviews here, but even still, I wasn't impressed with the xiao lung biao. They were good with a very delicate skin and a good amount of soup in both pork and crab, but I think the ones at several other places are still better (Joe's, Shanghai Heping, Joe's Ginger).  What bothered me was that those other places, for about the same price (+/- $0.50), you get 8 XLB's vs NX's 6 per order.We also tried the rice cakes w/ seafood and was mediocre.  The scallion pancake w/beef was tasty, but we should have ordered another.  The pan fried pork buns were good, but again only 6 per order.  After all this we were still hungry, so we ordered Shanghai Fried Udon and Pork & Salted Cabbage Noodle Soup.  The udon was cooked with way too much soy sauce and not enough ingredients and the noodle soup was just meh with not a lot of ingredients either.Nan Xiang is more of a Shanghai snack bar (mainly breakfast & lunch) because their menu is not full fledged, lacking in any dishes you would serve for dinner.  What Chinese restaurant doesn't have rice dishes (fried or otherwise)?  Even so, with all that we ate, the bill was just under $50 for 4, so it was still bargain eats.
Probably the best soup dumpling spot in flushing/ queens. The place gets pretty crowded but the wait is never too long. Service could be better but the food makes up for it. Scallion pancake with beef is a must! Also, crispy dough and soy milk is bombdotcom if you're looking to get some chinese breakfast. Overall, food is good. Come here if youre ever in flushing.
Delicious soup dumplings - the broth was so flavorful and the pork so tasty. We also got the udo noodles which were very good as well. A hidden gem!
This place is as good as described by my fellow Yelpers. The pork and crab dumplings were delicious, as was everything else. Alice our server was so nice and helpful. Don't miss out.
Honestly, I often live by "If you can't say something nice, don't say nothing at all" - Thumper. There is a need for people to know what they might encounter going here. First, let's talk about service. We sat at the front of the room on the left side of the restaurant. We were a group of 5, not big nor small. You would imagine that it is unlikely that they would miss us right? Took a few minute to decide on what we want. No one came to greet us, or give us water. That is fine. After we all have decided what we want, we noticed the server took orders from 2 tables that sat down after us. After a few more minutes, we cannot wait any longer for anyone to come take our order, so we waved/called over a busboy, and requested him to please get our server here, so we can order. Server came shortly after, and took our order. By the time the first appetizer came, water has arrived as well. It has been at least 20 minutes since we sat down. Ordered 2 of the same appetizer, one came in the beginning, and the other one at the end. I have always been a fan of xiao long bao, and quite frankly I do not know how they are Michelin Recommended for so many years. Seeing that many recommendation, I had high expectations walking into this restaurant. I was not impress/surprise by their xiao long bao at all. I have had better at Shanghai Cafe Deluxe on Mott Street. I can say that the rice cake with shredded pork and mustard plant was really good though!
I've been coming here for almost eight years now and it has always been my favorite spot in Flushing. Back then this was a homey restaurant, now it is another tourist attraction in Queens.The past few five times I've been here, the soup dumpling has been bland and tasteless. The crispy noodle is literally DRENCHED with sauce and lettuce but barely any meat.If you disagree with what I am saying, it's probably because you haven't tried the soup dumplings here 5 years ago.Despite its dip in quality, this place is still one of the better soup dumpling place in NY, but it's time for me to explore better options.
3.5 starsMy favorite place in NYC to get soup dumplings. They expanded the restaurant several months ago so the wait isn't as ridiculous as it used to be. However, fair warning: I saw there was a C health rating when I went to eat on Christmas (says the woman who answered my call, "open 365 days"). And that is why I am taking off 1.5 stars :(If you can get past that (I really REALLY hope that grade improves), their soup dumplings or "xiaolongbao" are pretty darn good. The skin is thinner than Joe's Shanghai and not as sticky, and with careful maneuvering should not break on you. As a general rule, I always stick with pork, nothing with seafood, because I find seafood xiaolongbao always tastes fishy -- and that's not delicious.I also order the scallion pancake with beef, some warm soy milk (and for breakfast, fried dough for dunking), and some cold dishes like "kao fu" (marinated tofu and mushrooms) and cucumbers. The stir fried noodles are standard and good for sharing, I like lao mein with chicken.Overall, this place has solid and reliably good Shanghainese food. Just get that grade improved and I would love to travel all the way to Flushing on a weekly basis.
These soup dumplings rank among the best I've ever had in the world, including places in Hong Kong. The dumplings are just full of savory, tasty soup. When I try to eat the xiao long bao here in one bite, there's just an explosion of soup in my mouth and it's one of the greatest feelings. The beef scallion pancake is super fresh, and the sauce inside the pancake is incredible. Everything here is made fresh daily, and it's definitely the #1 go to dumpling place for anyone living in the Midwest or East Coast.
Heard about how good the soup dumplings are so we went there today around 6pm to have dinner. Restaurant wasn't crowded when we went in and they sat the 4 of us again the front window of the restaurant. Waiter was most unpleasant when taking our orders. Pretended not to speak English or Cantonese, only Mandarin. We placed order for 3 noddles and 2 orders of soup dumplings.  Place started filling up, which meant all these people waiting for table is now standing between us and all the wait staff who stay in the back of the restaurant.  No one comes to refill our tea or see how we are doing for 20-30 minutes until the noodles dishes came out.  No soup dumplings, ask the waiter, he's mute.  But we can hear him calling out #s in English in a really loud voice.  Another waitress came by and we asked about our soup dumplings and order another noodle dish.  No response on the soup dumplings.  After another 15 minutes and she said it's coming.  When we are all done with all the noodle dishes, still no soup dumplings.  My husband finally walked up to the register and corner the wait staff and she brought over a single order of soup dumpling. I asked what happened to my 2nd order, she again said it's coming. In the meantime, the table next to us who sat down 30-40 minutes after us got their soup dumpling and finished eating and ready to pay, the waitress came back saying our 2nd order is 3 minutes away.  I was ready to slap her, but I was calm and said no thank you, just give me the check.  We paid the $36.04 bill exactly with 1 twenty, 1 ten, 1 five, 10 dimes and 4 pennies. I wrote on the check that service is horrible, incorrect ordering and will follow up with yelp review stating as such. The waiter avoided us and a different waitress picked up the bill with the notes and made a face. Since the restaurant is busy, I don't think they care one bit whether we complained or not.  We will never go back to the place even through the food is decent but we definitely had much better soup dumplings else where.  Definitely not worth the good reviews that people had given them.  One thing we noticed is that if you are not Asian, they treat you nicer, talk about reverse discrimination.
This place ranks very high on yelp, but to be honest, the taste of xiaolongbao here is just average. I would recommend "kongfu xiaolongbao" over this place. Plus, this place does not take cards
Mm..good, cheap food exists in NYC and it's a pretty tasty xiaolongbao to boot! I came here with a group of people and ordered three or four orders of both the seafood and pork soup dumplings which were piping hot-I had the mouth burns to prove it,delicate and tasty. We also got the donuts with the rice congee. It was like an unsweetened churro with a condensed milk/rice bath it most richly deserved. A good way to end a meal, kind of weird to have it in the middle of it.The beef scallion pancake was all right, just an okay piece of fried dough wrapped in a couple of thin slices of beef. goodness The beef noodle soup had more beef flavor and for me, was gone in seconds. There were 7 of us and it came out to 9 bucks a person, including tip. I didn't think a price like that for being so full in New York still existed!
Party of two on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend calls for a change of taste from the usual Dim Sum/Yum Cha realm.We indulged with three platters:* Rice Cake with shredded chicken at $6.95 which was okay but entirely swimming with oil and grease.  A Shanghaiese favorite as I've experienced better while in Shanghai's The Bund.* Vegetable noodle soup at $4.95 broth was entirely too salty but the noodles alone were very good.  Personally, I love noodles and in a soup form.* Shanghaiese steamed soup pork dumplings (Xiao3 Long2 Bao1) at $5.50 which were extremely good yet served in scaling high heat temperature that burnt my mouth.  The dumplings were very juicy for a classic Shanghaiese staple: soup + dumplings = Chinese comfort food!Patrons wait for a table outside of the door as there is no proper waiting area.  Corridor entrance is very narrow and small.  Service is prompt for small parties of two but a long wait for larger parties.  I do not recommend parties above five as seating is not equipped in this small restaurant setting.  Menus along with Chinese Green Tea are already waiting for patrons at the table upon our seating.  For three platters it foots the bill very reasonable under $20.00 including tax.  Facilities are small for unisex as the kitchen is direct opposite where the strong stench of soy sauce floats above.  Staff are fluent in both English and Mandarin.  Yes, a takeout menu and business cards are readily available which is now added to my ever increasing collection.  Outside by the entrance is a small garden complete with a water windmill surrounded by man made rocks.
I've got to say that I'm a pretty big fan of this place. The food is spot on when it comes to authenticity with their mainland counterpart with less than stellar service to match.The food will be on the greasier side so make sure to either bring in your own tea or drink the hot green tea they give you. Don't order (ice) water.The dishes are small and are for 2-3 people to get a taste of it so if you've never ordered Hong Kong dimsum style, this is similar in that you'll end up ordering at least 4-5 dishes per person.Also, seating is limited in that it's always crowded and when you do get there and after you've waited for seats, you'll be seated practically next to your neighbors so don't plan on having highly sensitive conversations here unless you're a terrible spy or an idiot government official.Parking is what you'd expect, very limited, timed, metered, and rare. Plan on parking in the structure a few blocks down and walking to the restaurant.Parking: Very limited metered street parkingPrice: $10+ per personWait: 10-20 mins to be seated
Friendly staff.  Food was delicious and piping hot so this is definitely a place to visit for the winter.  We arrived for a late lunch around 1pm and they were packed.  Didn't take too long to have us seated.  I've been here a few times but my friend hasn't.  We ordered the soup dumpling ( both regular and crab meat ) the regular was as good as I had remembered but the crab meat wasn't so memorable,  it seemed to lack a certain kick to it.  The spicy wonton with peanut sauce and spicy sauce was delicious as usual.  And the rice cake with pork was the icing to the cake.  Our waitress had a great attitude and smiled a lot so for a Chinese restaurant that was a breath of fresh air making my friends experience better.  Happy to have recommended a place he enjoyed and he will be returning to try other items on the menu.
Don't get discouraged by the crowd... eventually they will call your number.  First couple of times at this restaurant, it is so overwhelming as you're waiting in a small space nearly hovering over the people who are enjoying their dumplings - but luckily so speedy service, the turn around is usually quite quick.There are so many places where you can get xiao long bao these days but I gotta admit this place is really damn good.  I went back to Joe Shanghai's and in comparison not nearly as good there any more.  For 2 people, we ordered the crab and pork dumpling, scallion pancake with beef and the crispy noodles with shredded chicken.  So content with everything - leaving only with the need for a long walk.  Remember to bring cash with you!
This place has been at a steady decline. I've been coming to this restaurant for years and used to come back because the food is a solid 4 stars despite service being 1-2. Now what has changed? Since their renovations and Michelin recs have lead to lines out the door, food quality has been atrocious. Xiao long baos are still decent but they have been cutting corners everywhere else. Their Shanghainese noodles are about half their original size. The jelly fish with turnip is now 90% turnip when it used to be 50/50. We were there today at 10am and they told us they didn't have spicy beef tripe nor turnip cakes. How is that possible? Especially the spicy beef tripe which is a staple cold dish.
The food is was good several years ago but area is getting more competitive therefore its becoming normal Xiao Long Bao,, the fried dumplings are better...
This place is incredible! My girlfriend and I come here whenever we crave pork soup dumplings and udon noodles. I have also tried the scallion pancake with beef. All three dishes are fantastic. I have tried the crab and pork soup dumplings but I prefer the pork ones. The udon noodle is incredible. Try and go outside of lunch and dinner hours and there won't be much wait, if any. Great food! Quick Service! and Amazing prices!
Excellent soup dumplings and shen jian bao. I also love the cold appetizers, including the beef tendon and beef and tripe dish. There isn't much to say, except that this is the best xlb in the five boroughs (even beating my beloved Shanghai Cafe Deluxe in Manhattan Chinatown). Now that I live 20 minutes from Flushing by 7 train, you'll find me here more often. Save some xlb for me!
I consider Nan Xiang to be one of the best places to get Xiao Long Bao (XLBs) outside of China itself. We come here on a regular basis whenever we're in FlushingThe scallion pancakes are some of the best I've had. That side, it's sometimes on the oily side, so might not be the best healthy option, but chances are if you're ordering it (or the beef variant) the health value of the meal is not your main concern hahaAnd of course, the namesake XLBs are must haves. There's the option to get Baos with shrimp fillings, but I still think the regular ones are the best
Everything is on average. Food and price is OK. The appetizer is not good at all. Really crowded and need to wait a long time to get the food.
Decent Food and Crappy Service Had brunch here and enjoyed the following dishes:-Beef scallion pancake -Beef noodle soup-Pork soup dumplings -Pork and crab soup dumplingsThe dishes were decent but could have better. I think a better quality of beef would have done the trick.The servers are not friendly and rush to get people in and out, but this is no surprise for a dumpling house. CASH ONLY of course, this is Flushing, hellooooo.
There's a reason why this place was named the best soup dumplings restaurant in NYC. It was delicious!! Ordered pork and crab dumplings, scallion pancakes and a cucumber dish with garlic. All amazing and so fulfilling!I would definitely be visiting more if it wasn't so the way in Flushing. But if you're in the area, this is a MUST!
They are famous for their xiao long bao, aka soup dumplings. After trying them several times, both pork and the ones with crab, I must say that Nan Xiang Dumpling House has done a good job but not a fine one. The xiao long bao's skin are delicate, the right thickness, a bit chewy. The "soup/stock" inside is aplenty but nothing to write about. The fat ratio is a bit too high, leaving a very greasy after taste that not even the dip sauce (black vinegar+ginger) can cut through. While their noodle dishes are about average (too much starch and not enough of quality ingredients), I would suggest you try breakfast items like salty soy milk, fried dough curls and scallion pancakes. Their scallion pancakes and the scallion pancake with sliced beef are decent renditions, however, I don't recommend take outs on these as being in a container will soften the pancakes. It is preferable to consume them crispy. Their soups have surprised me. They add more than the bare minimum to the stocks, such as shrimp skin and chopped scallions. This reminds me of my mother's cooking. My beef with Nan Xiang is that their food in general are too oily. I wrap up my meals there when I feel too greased up, not because I'm full.
Dare I say best soup dumplings in NYC? Definitely better than Joe Shanghai. Get the crab with pork instead of just the pork for $1 more. The scallion pancake with beef is pretty tasty as well if you are looking at a second option.
Awesome soup dumplings   everything else is just as good. Place is small and get crowded really fast service is also good
Excellent place and I would recommend this to anyone.  The menu is elaborate and the staff is amazing.  Although is it it is not a kosher place their bottles of water or Poland Spring or the sunny are good and their bathrooms are always clean. Since I'm always on the road giving driving lessons they let me use their bathroom without a problem and are always very polite
I've been coming here for a while now and it is still my favorite soup dumpling place in the nyc area. Compared to the very popular Joe Shanghai, I still prefer this place. It is homey and expanded in recent years to accommodate more people. A regular order of 6 dumplings runs at $5.95 per order. I like to pair it with the shanghai udon noodles. It's definitely a place where you come and eat family style. If you haven't been here yet, you must come. You will not be disappointed. They're open til 1:30am on weekends and parking at the small municipal is free after 10pm; the parking lot is across the street.
The food was good and cheap we ordered the dumplings but it took a long time to come out. The place is really busy it was a line out the door when we went. We also tried their soup which had a really good flavor good stuff.
Got this dumplings towards the end of a gluttonous tour of Asian food in the area and geez were they good!I'm not ready to say if I prefer these to the other soup dumplings I had a few days ago in Manhattan's Chinatown but these were simply amazing. Even at 3pm in the afternoon there was a 20m wait for a table, however.These were well wroth the wait, you won't regret it. The "C" restaurant inspection grade sitting in the window lets you know that the food must taste really great.
When in Flushing I must eat Chinese food but really do I have any other options? No. I had this place bookmarked and can't remember how I found it. Glad I did and seized the opportunity to take a ride to Flushing last night with my dad and his best friend. Decor is nothing to talking about here but the place was very, very clean. There are three rooms you can be sat in and all table service. It was very crowded but I understand why and we had to hold a ticket and wait no more than 5-10 minutes. They gave us complementary tea that was sweet and our waitress was always there to refill. We ordered three things and I think everything on the menu was under $10. Such a great deal. I had the salted pork and cabbage soup with noodles ($5.95). It was delicious I shared with the table. I couldn't finish the entire thing alone. The salt wasn't overpowering. My dad had the vegetable dumplings- he thought it tasted like "a great egg roll stuffing." I passed.. I was all about the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings came in a portion of 6. They were scorching hot, moist and the dumplings stayed together. The broth was succulent and fatty delicious. My type of comfort food on a freezing night. The entire meal was under $25.
The soup dumplings were pretty good but not mindblowingly so. Go for the regular - the crab meat ones have a slightly odd taste to it. Would not recommend the spicy Sichuanese wontons (the ones drenched in chili sauce). They also have a good offering of cold side dishes like bean curd and seaweed. Service was suspect - the person that took our order simply listened without jotting anything down on a notepad. Of course, we had to remind them of one of the dishes we orderd after everything else had arrived. I don't think this is the norm at this place and that person didn't look like a server (was not wearing a uniform) but was from the kitchen apparently... still, if you're going to take orders, do it like you mean it.
I'd come back again and again forever. Just for their crab soup dumplings. Seriously, I delight in my trips here. Everything else is good (beef pancake, fried pork buns, regular pork soup dumplings), but not grrrrreat. Overall, 4.5 stars.
It's really shocking for me to give this place a bad review. I love dumplings, usually any dumpling and this place Is probably the most highly rated dumpling house in nyc. I'm just not a fan.Nothing here, maybe except the scallion pancake with beef is worth returning for in my opinion.I'm by no means a soup dumpling expert but I just didn't enjoy these compared to the ones from joe shanghai or even lesser known dumpling houses. The skins were indeed thin and expertly made but the flavors were just off. Another aspect of why I didn't love the experience here was probably because I felt terrible afterwards. Do not get the shanghai noodle dish. It was probably the greasiest dish I've ever had anywhere. Yes, I fully understand that most of these dishes are meant to be greasy and I shouldn't be complaining but it was really just over the top and had little to no flavor. By the end of the meal I was desperately searching your more water ( that never came) and any vegetable possible.The one thing I did really enjoy was the scallion pancake with beef. Very unique and tasty but even that was very greasy and I probably couldn't handle eating more than 1/3 of it without feeling a bit gross.I know people love this place but I just can't. Mock me now if you must.
The dim sum menu lacked many of favorite dishes. All of the dumplings were either pork or veggie. No chicken, beef, or shrimp. The steamed bun selection was minimal. No red bean buns. The sticky rice came in plastic wrap instead of wrapped in a leaf.The food we got was good, but the selection was not.
Yes, the soup dumplings here really are fantastic and it's ridiculously cheapBut the service is gasp worthy brusqueIt's totally a no frills joint, but be prepared to have your guard up bc they will yell at you! There was an error on the check and we got chastised for an item we didn't even receive! It's *almost* comical, but not really
OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE. We came on a friday night, and it was packed. Surprisingly, it only took about 15 min to sit my party of 3, even though there was a ton of people waiting.This was my third time having soup dumplings ever and they were by far the best ones I've had. We ordered copious amounts of the pork buns and the crab meat buns. The soup dumplings did not break and they were so good! I preferred the pork ones, but the crab ones were good too. In addition to that we ordered the beef scallion pancakes, regular scallion pancakes, pan fried dumplings, steamed dumplings, Shaobing and fried udon noodles. Everything was great! There was not one bad thing that we ate. Overall it was pretty darn good, and so cheap! I can't wait to come back again!
Place has gone down a lot for the passed couple of year. The only thing that's somewhat good is their pork soup dumplings. The shanghai noodle is way too oily and the veggie came with it is not well washed sometime. Service is what you expect from a typical Chinese restaurant, not there.
This was the fastest service we've received, probably in our entire lives.Came here after spa castle on a snowy Saturday night and it was packed but there's always an empty table somewhere. We ordered the beef scallion pancake sort of thing, the soup dumplings (called buns on the menu) and the pan fried udon noodles. The scallion pancake thing was awesome and hit all the spots after a couple of drinks. The soup dumplings, however, were a little bland. The broth was boring but the meat tastes more like actual meat than I've had in other dumplings. The fried udon noodles were delicious, even after some of them went home and were reheated. Great place to go if you're looking to be seated fast and eat quickly, but I think there's better food in the area.
I been this place for so many times. The taste of food is good.  Also the place nearby 7 train at Main Street, which is a plus.  But the service is kind of bad, they don't really care of you as a customer.  And Cash only is kind of inconvenience for customers.
Can't say enough how great this place is. Always wanted to try it and glad I made the leap. Definitely one of the best places around.The food was great and a few of my friends frequent the place and none of us ever had a bad experience. The service was slow but really friendly. It gets pretty busy so its understandable. Maybe I'll drop in when its a bit slow to get a feel for it.
Wonderful soup dumplings (crab and pork). Beef scallion pancakes are out of this world.
As a West Coast Asian-American, I've always wanted to spend some time exploring Flushing, but have never really gotten the chance on my always too short visits to New York. I finally made the trek up the 7 on a rainy morning, for a visit to a Korean radio station. I had lunch plans afterward, but refused to leave the neighborhood without making at least one attempt to eat something delicious. I got on Yelp and found Nan Xiang Dumpling House, within walking distance of both the radio station and the train. It was exactly what I was looking for.I walked in at around ten o'clock on a Thursday morning, and the place wasn't full, but it was definitely already busy. I got a table near the entrance, so I didn't see the rest of the restaurant, but I had the sense that it was big--I figured it had to be, as what I saw of the staff indicated a pretty large-scale operation. I was eating alone, and figured this was the kind of place with little ceremony and high turnover, where I could be in and out in ten minutes if I chose. My snack took a little longer than that. Service was fine--I got my order taken quickly, and my server was polite--but the dumplings took longer to come out than expected.They were worth the wait. I got an order of the xiaolongbao, which came with six piping hot soup dumplings. They were delicious, with thin skins and a meaty filling of pork enveloped in savory, velvety, fragrant soup. I'm sure I looked like a fool eating them. I feel like I relearn how to eat xiaolongbao every time I order them, then forget all those lessons by the next time. I'm always over-cautious on dumpling #1, then burn my tongue on #2, then spill all the soup on #3, etc. etc. until #6, when I finally eat without embarrassing myself. (My two main techniques, for the record, are 1) puncturing the skin, putting a little soy sauce/vinegar sauce inside, then blowing vigorously over the hole and 2) waiting long enough that the dumpling can be eaten in a single warm bite, molten juice and all. And yet I am rarely able to execute either of these smoothly for more than one or two dumplings per order.) But ineptitude aside, these dumplings were splendid, well worth a moderate amount of shame and physical pain.I want to spend more time in Flushing on future trips to New York, and will keep Nan Xiang in mind next time I visit. An order of xiaolongbao is a light breakfast or midday snack, and I'll squeeze one in whenever I can.
Cash only. Must try the dumplings, delish! Great place to order a bunch of appetizers and share with your group. Great price for a meal for 4 - about $60.
Food is good, but the service def needs some work. The hostess will ignore you to stay on her cellphone , even if you say excuse me multiple times. The servers are a mixedbag. You get some that are super attentive and some that you wave down. Overall their food is worth the wait, but if you're looking for a quick bite I wouldn't recommend it since you're never sure what you're gonna get with wait time.
I love the pork buns here...the only thing I dislike was the fact that they only take cash
Wow! Amazing experience. We arrived at 11am on a Saturday and had to wait 5 minutes, not bad. Once we were seated, tea was poured immediately and we placed our order. Food came out really quickly and everything was insanely good. The highlights of the meal:- pork buns: best pork bun I've ever had. My two little kids also loved them. - soup dumplings: amazing. World's most perfect food. - scallion pancake with beef: most surprising item of the lunch. Crispy, tender, and it had lots of yummy hoisin sauce in it. We had many other amazing dishes, those are only the highlights. By far, the best dumplings I've had in NYC. Better than all the ones I've had in San Francisco too.
The dumplings here are really good and deserves the hype. The prices are reasonable and the service is fast. However, outside of the dumplings, the food leaves a lot to be desired. We had rice cakes with pork and preserved vegetables. That plate was pretty plain. We also had jellyfish with turnips and all we got was a plate of turnips with a few jellyfish as garnish. If you plan on coming to Nan Xiang, I would recommend just sticking to the dumplings which is definitely what they do best.
Service: 1/5 but that's how it is in almost every authentic Chinese place:) Pork xiao long bao: 4.5/5 Really juicy but kinda doughyPan Fried dumplings: 3/5Good but sooo doughyyy Shanghai fried noodles: 2.5/5 on the dry side. Wish there was more meat Soy milk & crispy dough: 1/5 meh. Meeeh.
My family has been coming to this place when they had just one dining room which is now 3 dining areas. The soup dumplings are great and they are always crowded so make sure give yourself extra time.
Yummy in my tummy soup dumplings! This place is probably one of the better soup dumpling places on Flushing! I prefer this place over Joe's Shanghai (as their food is a little more americanized! Stick with the authentic kind!I usually just order the crab meat soup dumpling, noodles, soy bean milk, and cucumbers with garlic!
It was 'aight but I think there are better soup dumplings to be had in Flushing, and definitely in the world. The broth is very good but you don't end up with that sticky feeling on your lips that comes from tons of gelatin the broth that incredible unctuous feeling. The skins are good and have a great chew to them; could be thinner.The fuqi feipian (beef and tripe in spicy sauce) is excellent and very flavorful. The scallion pancakes with beef was disappointing -- the pancakes are greasy and slightly cold, the beef is dry.Decent but definitely not worth the hype and better to be had in the area.
Legit Shanghainese soup dumplings! With over 6 years on Michelin's food recommended guide and  1800+ reviews on yelp, this place has got to be good and it certainly was. Very good food with the prices to match. Was not disappointed. Was very surprised to find out they have soy milk here as well. I myself loveee soymilk so I'm glad they have that here. Yum
HOW CAN A PLACE BE SO GOOD AND SO CHEAP AND SO FAST?The sliced beef pancakes and pork soup dumplings may be two of the best things I have ever eaten in life. Ever. I want to come back and eat everything on the menu. Will probably only cost $40. GO HERE NOW!
The pork soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes. Nothing more to say.
Wonderful xiao long Bao for the cold weather. CASH ONLY is the preferred method of payment in the Flushing area. I enjoy the crab meat and pork xiao long Bao. The pork chop is tender and delicious. The dish is perfect size for individual or small group.The scallion pancake is superb and crispy unlike any others I have tried before.
Their spicy beef noodle soup is good. Udon noodles are OK. Steamed pork dumplings were disappointing. Maybe the pan fried dumplings are better. However, the place was crowded on a Sunday afternoon. 15 minute wait for 2 people. Other people seam to like this place, but I think I prefer schezwan food.
A spot I'm really happy to have made the effort to visit. For this diner I had to take the Number 7 train all the way from midtown out to the end of the line in Flushing. A short walk in the rain and delightful baskets of steamed sour dumplings awaited us. We had the pork and crab/pork dumplings with a side of seaweed with garlic (spicy, excellent!). We also had the spicy wontons which are served in a peanut broth with a bit of a kick. Very nice!Tried to order beers but our server honestly didn't seem to understand us. It was no bother, really, as the hot tea was sufficient. The restaurant was pretty packed at 8:45. By the time we finished it was thinning out for the evening and we received nice smiles from some of the kitchen staff upon leaving.There's just nothing like visiting this part of town, particularly if you've had your fill of Manhattan and just want to get away. Looking forward to a return visit to Nan Xiang and more baskets of dumplings filled with savory broth.
My friend was told Nan Xiang's soup buns were better than the famous Joe's Shanghai.  We decided to venture over to Flushing and give it a try. FOOD:*Steamed Pork Buns ($5.50, 6 buns) and Steamed Crabmeat Pork Buns ($6.50, 6 buns) - Good and worth a try if you're in the area.  The buns were large and full of flavor.  I do wish their soup spoons were a bit larger to match their buns because part of my soup spilled out.   In comparison to Joe's, Nan Xiang's had a better soup flavor.  However, I wasn't a big fan of the thicker skin or a stronger ginger mix to their pork mixture.*Shanghai Shao Mai ($2.95, 4 pieces) - Good, though it wasn't what I thought it was. Instead of a pork mixture wrapped inside a sui mai, sticky rice was the contents and topped off with a pea.  WHAT TO KNOW:*Cash only*The buns take 20 minutes to come out*Service is decent, they come around to refill your tea cups but they're sometimes hard to flag down*We were seated immediately on Tuesday at 1pm.  I hear there's a wait on the weekends
Our go to place for Shanghainese food.  In my opinion, Joe Shanghai's crab meat soup dumplings are better but everything else here is much more authentic than Joe Shanghai.  Great place for no thrills, fast service, real Shanghainese food.  Their Kau Fu, Salted Soy Milk and Rice Cakes are very yummy.  Sometimes their noodles can be a little peppery but overall worth it.
Amazing menu assortment, nostalgic and delicious. Better than any xiao long bao I've had before. This is my go to place every time I'm in New York, I have and always will beg my friends to spend some time with me in Flushings to grab those freshly made dumplings and a couple bowls of fresh soy milk. Small and a bit of a unassuming place, but the best places usually are.
My favorite soup dumpling place in Flushing. Not a fan of Joe's Shanghai only because its always a crowd of tourists there now. My favorite order is : crab and pork steamed buns, chili pepper beef noodle soup, iced soy milk, beef scallion noodles.Their prices arent too bad and its a good choice for a weekend brunch or just a regular lunch. Parking gets packed in the municipal across the street but, what do you expect? its flushing.
Every time we come here we are incredibly satisfied. The food is delicious. It comes out quickly. It's inexpensive. It's awesome. The pan fried udon noodles, the steamed pork dumplings (which are soup dumplings) are TO DIE FOR. Their scallion pancakes are the best you can get. We have tried many, many places between flushing, china town and throughout the boroughs. Seriously, come here. It's so good.
I used Yelp help to locate this restaurant will staying in Flushing before our flight out.Yummy.The best dumplings. Everything we ordered was delicious. Our experience was superb and the service was friendly. Cash only was odd.
Hands down the best dumplings I've ever had. I also had the shanghai pan fried udon, which was also delicious. I definitely will be coming back here. Cash only though, make sure you go to the atm.
Yes, Yes and YES! You checked this place? You wanna eat Chinese food? REALLY good Chinese food?Come now! NOW!The line is long but if you decide to come earlier then you'll get a seat, around 11am. The week is easier to eat here, the weekend is NOT!Everything here is amazing, as many other Yelpers state. So the disappointment rate is pretty low with many people I've introduced to this place. The dumplings, soup dumplings, soy milk, fried dough, seafood crispy noodles, and noodles and more dumplings... AHHH!!!! just get it, you won't spend much because it is not so expensive and the portions are very good for more than 2 people. Enjoy and live long!
Amazing food... huge portions...great price. Be prepared to line up, which is always a good sign of a quality meal
Food: 4 out of 5Of all the soup dumplings that I've tried in Flushing, this is probably my favorite. Their pan fried pork buns are very good too. What's not so good? The pan fried shanghai noodles are too greasy and the fried dumplings are mediocre at best. Service: 3 out of 5The service is pretty much standard Chinese restaurant service. Once in a while, you might find a nice waitress/waiter, but that is a rarity in Flushing. Hostess: 1 out of 5She's always doing her nails or staring at her phone. A few times I ordered take out and waited right in front of her for my food, my food came out and she could not be bothered to tell me that it was my food and let it sit there until I asked for it. But beware, ask her too many times, she'll get annoyed and roll her eyes at you.
I don't know what the hype is all about. I got dinner here and ordered a few soup dumplings. I got the crab and the regular pork ones. Both were very fragile. The dumpling pouch kept busting and all my soup was lost with probably 2 successfully being slurped. The broth was very tasty but the the dough was a disappointment. Probably won't be coming back seeing there are so many other dumpling houses to try.
Flushing Appreciation Day, Stop 6 - The venue: Nan Xiang Dumpling HouseThe DL: I come here for one and one reason only - their soup dumplings, aka xiao long bao. While some may consider paper as China's greatest invention, I personally believe it to be the soup dumping. After all, how can one craft elegant reviews on an empty stomach? Answer: you can't. Also, this place gets hella packed, so be ready for some waiting. The must try: Crab soup dumping. Otherwise, pork soup dumpling if you're not a fan of seafood. Pro tip: place your dumping onto your soup spoon, take a bite from the top, sip the soup inside slowly, and then enjoy the meat once it's cooled down enough. The verdict: 5/5. Hands down my favorite go-to spot for soup dumplings in the Big Apple.
Best pork soup dumplings anywhere in LA or NY. They burst with goodness in your mouth, and the creaminess of the fatty pork is so delicious!The udon noodles are also spectacular, as well as the vegetable dumplings and scallion pancakes.
One of the few places I would highly recommend for soup dumplings in NYC. I especially love the soup dumplings with crabmeat. Also good are the scallion pancakes and cold Shanghai-nese cold side dishes. I usually also order a bowl the salty soybean drink if I get there early enough. Lines are to be expected when you get there... Pricing of the food is fairly good for food in Flushing and well worth the wait! Sometimes, my friends and I would startout here with a order of crabmeat souple dumplings each as pur appetizer, and moving on to another restaurant for the main meal.
Food tastes terrific but they can get very crowded with wait time. Do not arrive starved.
Came here for Xiao Long Bao and wasn't disappointed. As good as I've ever had for a good price. Got a table straight away, restaurant was half-full around 6.45pm on a Friday. Quick and friendly service and no rushing us out the door to free up the table even though place was full and people waiting when we left.
Traditional spicy hot pot!!!nice tasty! We have been here for many times! It is a good place to choose for dinner!
Tasty food at reasonable price. 80% authentic flavor as compared to china. Would go again.
I was very disappointed with tonight's dinner. My issues with them are two things: wrong order and very bad customer services.The story is as follows:We went into the store and were quickly moved to an empty table. I was very happy about that. When we were ordering steam bun, we asked for the regular ones and not the crab one due to the fact that one of our members has food allergy with carb. **NOTE: we confirmed twice with them for the regular one and not  the crab meat one.By the time we finished eating, we asked for the check and it applies we ate the crab one. Therefore we ask the lady to come over and ask her to charge us for regular one.The lady initially agree to change it but then her colleague decided to step in and said "It was just one dollar and of course you can't taste the crab meat because it was just one dollar extra."When I heard that sentence, I felt really upset because one dollar is very light weighted but a human life is very heavy. I didn't want to argue with her because she has no idea of how food is vital to human life.To those who liked this restaurant or thinking about going to this one, I will strongly ask you to not go because they don't show any respect to customers nor their decisions on choosing the food. VERY DISHONEST FOOD RESTAURANT.
*Must Try: Scallion Pancakes with Beef.*Crispy Seafood Noodles are greasy, but amazing.*Excellent soup dumplings, but be cautious of the HOT soup inside!*expect a very long wait.
My husband and I trekked out to Flushing to try out Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  There was a crazy line outside, which was good to see, as it seems as if it's a hit among the locals.  You go inside the restaurant and you tell the owner how many are in your party - he writes the number down and gives you a numbered ticket.  The line actually moves along pretty decently, which was good!  There are actually 3 sections, and we got to sit in the main area, by the windows.  The restaurant offers breakfast items, dim sum, soups, cold and hot appetizers, entrees, and beverages.  We came here for the XLBs, so we ordered the Steamed Pork Buns; I also tried out the Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce and a cup of (cold) sweet soybean milk (in which you can also request hot).  The XLBs were just okay - I thought the broth itself wasn't as flavorful and in-depth as the other places we've tried; even the meat seemed a little tad underseasoned; the outer skin is a little thicker, but I didn't mind that.  I think there are better XLBs, so it was a little disappointing!  However, I was a huge fan of their wontons!  The wontons themselves were handmade, tasted fresh, and was coated in this 'spicy' sauce that wasn't that spicy to begin with; it was creamy and had a peanut-y taste to it.  I also dipped that in soy sauce just for an extra oomph; I could have eaten 10 bowls of these :D  These alone make it worth the trek.  The cold soybean milk was refreshing, and it literally tasted like a sweetened tofu drink - so, if you love the taste of tofu with some added sugar, you can check this out.+forget about their XLBs+Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce worth the trek!+cold sweet soybean milk (refreshing)
This place was overall really good. Service was diligent and instantly gave out menus, took orders and brought out food in no time. I came here for one thing and one thing only, their famous soup dumplings and it definitely did not disappoint. If you're in the flushing area, come check this place out !
There has never been a restaurant as obviously overrated. The food was bland at best and the service was deplorable. I've never been so disrespected as a customer. It was as if the staff detested their jobs and customers. They ignored their table and getting anything from them was like  pulling a tooth. If I could I would've given them less then 0 stars.
I came here with 2 of my co-workers during lunch time and it was PACKED, no where to stand and an order of steamed dumplings to go would have been 20-30 minutes wait - we decided to pass and go to another place since we had to go back to work. Later during dinner time....My cousin and I only came here for the xiao long bao and basically just ordered 1 plate, and I must say, it is a great snack/meal to come and have. The xiao long bao was on a larger side but worth the taste. My cousin also said the noodle dishes here are good too, so I now have a reason to come back not only for the xiao long bao but to try one of their noodle dishes.
I've finally found a place that serves straight out of Shanghai, comfort breakfast food! It's crazy how simple the menu is but you can't find this stuff in manhattan chinatown anywhere. Thumbs up to this place serving all the traditional foods that my grandma and mom were raised on in the motherland. You have to start off with a bowl of sweet soy bean milk (hot) dou jiang or if you prefer the saltier version - salty soy bean milk. Pair that with fried dough (you tiao) and you have your breakfast base. Now add some side dishes - try the scallion egg bun/pankcake - it's pretty good, I've definitely had better but it's good. I also tried the garlic seaweed - the one here was wayy to sour - don't get this, it definitely should not taste that way. And of course you can't forget the famous soup dumplings. The filling was made fresh and very good. The dumplings were plump full of juices. The only problem was the skin, it wasn't strong enough to keep the filling from falling out. I have to give it to Joe's Shanghai, they still reign supreme in this aspect. This place is an excellent option for traditional shanghai breakfast/street foods.
I really like their food especially soup dumpling. It remind me my hometown. I went there several times with friends. Sometimes I take out. Usually you need to wait for a while for the seat or their soup dumpling. However, i think waiting is a worth thing for the good food!
Not necessarily "as good as it gets", but those pan fried buns are definitely worth the wait. I thought they forgot about them because it was a good 40+ minutes before they came out (after we devoured the rest of our food) but when it came out, baby- they were perfect. Big, fluffy, juicy, umami, and perfectly crisp on the bottom. The XLBs were not as good as Joe's Shanghai but were pretty good nevertheless. I could have done without the cold sliced beef and tendon (too much of the Sichuan peppercorns- I'm Chinese but I hate those things! Practically a Sichaun peppercorn paste!) I disliked their version of siu mai, which was glutinous rice mixed with fatty beef with a pea on top, definitely not what I was expecting.
Still the best soup dumplings on this side of the Pacific. For newbies, this is not a restaurant for a long family dinner. It's a sit down, order the best Shanghainese food, eat it and leave kind of place. Service is incredibly fast (once you get in which can be hard during peek times). We've tried almost everything on the menu, and haven't found a dish we can say is bad.
Wowow silly dragon lady over here gave us some serious attitude. She really over stepped so crucial boundaries by tossing our respective chopsticks and straw at us. The food seems to be on the decline and the service becomes ever more diminishing. In an era where Yelp reviewers cast judgement upon every detail this lady really over stepped her boundaries. TOURIST TRAP.
After many many visits here, I also have to recommend their spicy beef with tripe - it's served cold and it almost has a pickled taste. It's DELICIOUS. Our usual order:As many xiao long baos as we can eatSpicy beef with tripeShanghai noodlesAmaze balls!I also love that they've expanded so less of a wait than before!
First time here..the dumplings we had were ok (we had steamed vegetable dumplings, pan fried dumplings and the Shanghai Shao mo). They all were good. We also had the scallion pancakes (with and without meat). The place was clean and the hostess wasn't very welcoming. I definitely will come back and try the other dumplings. Service was straight forward.
The dumplings are good but deinitely have fallen from the top notch scale. They continue to get away with enforcing Cash only which any taxpaying citizen should be furious about.They really were the best soup dumplings in NYC at one point so it's obviously recommended to go try it but the best ones is a small store front in Shanghai..Yeah I'm dead serious about traveling to try food.
Had great shanghai breakfast here. Service was a little brusque, but to be expected for a 老外 like me. The 油条 were great, as were the 小笼包 that the place is named and famed for. The restaurant was clean, service was fast and the food was delicious. overall experience 非常好!!! Well worth the schlep out to flushing, would recommend!
This place is rated better than it should be. It's passable but that's it.  The dumplings are not bad but nothing hits my tongue like Joe's Shanghai. The spicy tendon wasn't bad but not spicy either.  The Beef and Scallion pancakes are a disaster.  Greasy, oily, and some weird sweetness made it inedible.  Too bad I wanted this as another spot hit while in flushing.The food truck across the street happens to be awesome.  I would skip this and hit the food truck anyday
Uninspiring food, terrible service, incompetent staff. You can get this quality of food from the dollar hole in the wall vendors all around Main St. Flushing. Stop tricking yourselves into going here. It is poor quality. D+
This is one of the top restaurants in all of NYC. The kitchen is incredibly focused and consistent.They deserve two michelin stars, not an honorable michelin mention.I like that the menu is very focused on classic Shanghai food and doesn't need to stray into items meant to please the American palate.The spicy beef and tripe cold dish is a great way to start off.Make sure to order at least one basket of crab and pork xiao long bao the second you sit down.The scallion pancake w/ beef is the best example i've had.Treat yourself to a side of fried pork chops.The Shanghai Siu Mai contain sticky rice and are one of my favorites among a menu of winners.Don't expect overly warm or coddling service, but the wait staff is efficient and friendly enough.
The best soup dumpling place in flushing. Everything on the menu is super cheap and worth getting. I personally dont like crabmeat because it has that particular smell to it. I love their panfried noodle and scallion pancake!
Amazing XLBs. Also get the beef scallion pancakes. The pan-fried pork buns are good, but not incredible. The shanghai noodles are wonderfully chewy, albeit oily and could use more beef/veggies. Gets very busy on weekend evenings so come early! My go-to Shanghainese restaurant.
Really tasty spot. Very affordable, huge portions, cash only. Nothing much else to say other than that I left satisfied.
If people ever tells me that Joe Shanghai got the best soup dumplings i will definitely ask them if they had ever tried Nan Xiang before?  Personally I think Joe is overrated and a tourist trap but that's just my personal opinion.Nan Xiang started with one store front and eventually expanded to three, just that shows how popular and how good the dumplings are here. If you come to Nan Xiang, there is/are really only ONE or TWO items that's a MUST GET and you guessed- PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS and CRAB SOUP DUMPLINGSYes the pork soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings are so freaking awesome!! they are made to order so before you even sit, tell them you want to start with the soup dumplings and then proceed to read the menu.Soup dumplings here have a very thin layer of dumpling skin so when you bite into it (make sure you don't burn your tongue) you'll get this soft chewy yet not so greasy bite of meat and skin.  try to eat it as quickly as possible cause when these thing turn cold, they are really not very good.The cold dishes here are not too shabby neither, I especially enjoy the braised bean curd and the spicy beef tendon. and for appetizer I would recommend getting the scallion pancake or the scallion pancake with beef.  both offer excellent flavor and texture. The Shanghai Stir fried udon was not that good here, there was literally no meat in it and it's extremely greasy (how much oil do they put in it?)  food were really cheap here, after picking soup dumpling, stir fried udon and braise bean curd, totally came out to be around $25- super worth it!Nan Xiang is a great place to eat at and offer excellent value for the quality of food they serve.  Just make sure you order the soup dumplings!
Joe's Shanghai is the chain that is popular. However, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing is the best place for soup dumplings I have tried. When I crave soup dumplings, I think about this restaurant. You will burn your tongue if you bite straight into a dumpling. My technique is to bite a small hole in the dumpling and slowly drink the soup before eating the rest of it. The fried bun is also great if you want to avoid the hot soup. Moreover, the scallion pancake and noodle dishes are excellent. Although it is a trek from Manhattan, it is walking distance from the last stop on the 7 train.If you are visiting New York and looking for recommendations for Asian food, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my personal lists of great spots in the city, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.
Food is ok, average level as a Chinese restaurant. But their service is just like shit, waiters keep ignoring you in not typical busy time. Not accept credit card.  Anyway, never again.
Luckily, I stopped by on a weekday so no long wait. While everyone is raving about the soup dumplings, the spicy beef tripe was the real winner for me. The soup dumplings were on point though! But oh my goodness, the spicy beef tripe so yum with the perfect amount of spiciness. Loved the tofu fa (sweet bean curd drink) as well, which was lightly sweet, super smooth and warmed my belly.Surprisingly, I wasn't too fond of the scallion pancake with beef. The sauce with the beef killed it for me :(
Very bad and rude service, they run their business like Wall Street, don't go. Everything is overrated.
OHH MAAA LAWDD!!!If you are in Flushing neighborhood and wonder what to eat this is the place to go!!I mostly come here after I study at Presso Cafe and then get a good meal for a cheap price and right after I would go for shaved ice at Snowdays! But back to the dumplings! But why talk about things when you have the Pros and Cons List!!Pros:Great Food! (Dumpling. Enough said)Cheap Price (Bring like $15~$20 and your set)Pretty Good Location for dumpling house.Seats about 60 ishFast Food preparationCons:CASH ONLY!!NO WIFIBut Honestly Trust me. You are not going to regret spending $15 on this place.Just go have some dumplings. What are you still doing readings this dumb review? GOOO!
Don't get takeout. It takes at least half hour. I'm still waiting for my food and the service people really don't care.
I've been craving for dimsum and this place was just the right place! Visited around 11 am. Didnt have to wait for the table but still the place was pretty packed! Had crab/pork dimsum, vegetable, and spicy peanut sauce wonton!!! Amazing!!! Will def be back!!!!
This place was ight. Had high hopes going in but was hugely disappointed in my xiao long baos tearing apart on the bottom when i picked them upCan a brotha get a leaf of cabbage underneath his baos?!?
Crab and pork xiao long bao. Compared to the regular pork one, you can taste the difference. The crab meat isn't really visible because it has been blended with the pork, but the flavor is definitely there. I suggest getting a platter of each and try them both. Their scallion pancake is good too, but make sure you get it with beef. It is different from the regular thin ones. You can tell this one is deep fried because it's thick and a slightly crunchy, golden brown layer on the outside, but chewy on the inside. It comes with tiny scallion pieces and hoisin sauce.I haven't had the radish cakes before but other people seem to like them. But these are the 3 main things you should get while dining here. The dining area seems small at first when you walk in, but they have a lot more seating to the right and the back.
The quality of the xiao long bao (little soup dumpling) has definitely dropped from what it use to be in my opinionIt is still better than most other places but within the last year the skin has gotten thicker and isn't the same as it use to be.  Still worth getting compared to the other shanghainese placesI highly recommend the spicy beef, Or the scallion pancake with beef, little soup dumpling and or the soy milk
Great Chinese food, all reasonably priced. The service is quick and you don't have to wait long for the food to come out. I'm docking points for the fact that they don't accept card, one of the waitresses was too busy with her phone to seat us and that my spoon was dirty and was stuck to the napkin.
Delicious food, good prices whats not to love. We felt like we went to China gained 10lbs and came back :)
One of my go-to places for expertly handmade, Xiao Long Bao (aka "soup dumplings"), a signature food of the Nanxiang area (aka Shanghai). Thus the eponymous name which definitely does not disappoint.I have to admit i only go there for the XLBs so i can only attest to those delicious morsels, again perfectly handcrafted - the dough just the right satisfying amount of chew, thin yet sturdy enough to hold the juicy meat filling and that wonderful broth, seasoned with creamy slightly lardy pork or the addition of sweet salty crab fat, unctuous and silky - add a slight touch of the supplied ginger black vinegar and the entire bite is a perfect symphony of classic flavors that transported me back to Shanghai.The price is right, the wait if there is is justifiable and definitely worth the schlep to this great corner of Queens. I don't wanna hear any complaints about the trek - i drive from Connecticut!
When it's a cold winter's day...When everybody's too broke for the normal fancy food...When you and all your friends are all super hungry and can't make proper decisions...Nan Xiang is the place to go. I've been coming here for years now for many, many times, and the best thing about this place is of course the soup dumplings. My favorites are the crab and pork soup dumplings-and the beef scallion pancake. The service here is adequate. The decor is simple (perhaps falling into a category of Asian zenful bare). What shines is the food, price point, and hours! (I've been here at midnight before...opened until 1 AM on weekends.)Come here and scald your face off from greedy eating. BTW, accepts cash only, so make sure your wallet is full.
Came here last night, very busy on a sunday night so you know its good. Had the cucumber and garlic and seafood rice cake both which were very good, also had the beef rolled with scallion pancake which was awesome! Wanted to try the veggie dumplings and soy sauce tofu but they were out, next time!
I go here probably once every other month, and it has quickly become one of my favorite spots in Flushing. Some must order items are the pork and crab soup dumplings (educate yourself on how to eat these before attempting...you WILL burn yourself if you just pop the whole thing in your mouth), scallion pancake with beef, and rice cake with pork and preserved mustard. The restaurant is clean, very affordable, and conveniently located near the 7 Train on Main Street. I'm knocking off one star for the service. I never expect warm and friendly service at any restaurant in Flushing...the service here isn't unfriendly, but I can't remember one time I have visited when I didn't have to flag down a server for tea refills or the check. Basically, this is five stars for the food, two or three stars for service.
Udon noodles with pork were really good and filling. On top of that we ordered soup  dumplings and scallion pancakes all were so good. Food here was delicious, fairly priced and the service was very good as well.
i went here based on all the reviews and i was not impressed. the soup inside the dumplings wasnt hot and i didnt think the flavor was anything special. the scallion beef pancake was too sweet and nothing special. the woman at the cash register looked like she was waiting for a bus. Everyone says this place is so cheap but I can get much higher quality food for $12
I wonder who are these ppl that gave this place all these amazing superb five star reviews. Seriously after living in Flushing for over 9 years. We finally decided to give this place a try. It's all street style food serve in a sit down restaurant, no dish in the menu worth mentioning. Hence why I NEVER wanted to come here. But we decided to try it out. (Shoulda went next door 66 or smth) Anyway, here's what we ordered: 1)Scallion pancake, this has to be the worst I ever had, DEEP FRIED and drenched in bad oil. It should always be pan fried !!!! 2)Stir fried rice cake with slice pork and chopped up green veg? Tasted okay, but the veggie were NOT cleaned/washed completely, after the very first bite, there was that dirt/sand stuff mix in it all together. Absolutely unacceptable. 3)crab/meat soup dumpling. They were ok, nothing spectacular. You could get the same just about anywhere else in Flushing. 4)pork chop noodle soup. The broth tasted like hot boiled water with added msg and chicken broth powder. Noodle were definitely not hand made, it was all stuck together to the bottom of the hot water broth. Pork chop is again super deep fried drenched in oil.Save yourself the money, go to any spot next door on the same block !!We will never come here again....
Best Chinese food I have ever had. I am vegetarian so we ordered vegetarian dumplings and scallion pancakes to share and the veggie udon stir fry (I asked to make it vegetarian so it has no shrimp powder). And my friend ordered the crispy noodle chicken. He said it was also the best Chinese food he has had outside of his Chinese friend's home. Everything was delicious and they pour you tea upon being seated which is great. Quick service and seriously amazing flavored. Could eat here every day and night no joke!
We walked in and thought the language barrier would be difficult but it wasn't. Really digged the pork and crab soup dumplings even though I clumsily spilled some of the soup on myself because it was extremely soupy and tasty (oops). We also had the scallion pancakes which I didn't particularly enjoy because it was bland and just crispy. We should've gotten the scallion pancake with beef :-( oh well. And also, we got the hot soy milk (salty) and it wasn't what we expected, it was alright but was quite odd! We also got the fried udon noodles which were quite oily and enjoyable and filling. I'd honestly only go back for the dumplings. The total came out to about $20.13 in total and it was super satisfying! Next time I know what to get. Will be back!
This place is definitely worth a try if you are in the area. The interior is pretty plain and boring but the food is interesting. We ordered 4 items, although it was presented as dim sum, all of the dishes were pretty large and 4 for 2 people was way more than enough. We had the pan fried pork buns, they were like steamed bao's with the bottoms fried crispy. The meat inside was not bbq pork but more like ground pork that you'd find in a dumpling..... Which was our next dish, pan fried dumplings. They were good, had better, had worse. 3rd dish was a spicy wonton in peanut sauce, again good not great. The peanut sauce was very thin and had only a very light flavor of peanut but good spice level and pretty tasty. The star of the show, by far, was the scallion pancake stuffed with sliced beef. They were crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with a thin sliced beef filling in a sweet and spicy sauce. These were worth the visit on their own!Prices were very reasonable.
Chances are that if you ask me to go eat cheap, delicious Chinese food... I'm 99% in. That's exactly what this place is. You can get 3-4 dishes for just about $20. What a steal!This is one of my favorite soup dumpling restaurants. Seriously so delicious and so satisfying. Get either the pork or the crab meat soup dumplings - you can't go wrong here. Scallion pancakes are also a must! If you're craving a noodle dish, go for the Shanghai fried udon noodles. Yum, yum, yum! My mouth is watering just thinking about all these dishes.CASH ONLY and the place is small, so go at an off-hour so you won't have to wait!
Their food used to be really good. Now it's just okay. Still the best soup dumplings in Flushing- but the other stuff isn't as great. (Rice cake, Appetizers, Noodles/Rice)Service is also mediocre now. Really disappointed with them.Their food has gotten really greasy and there's a lot of MSG.Real reason why it's still three stars is because there aren't other options around unless you go all the way to Kung Fu XLB.
This is my first time trying nan Xiang xiaolongbao. It was really good but nothing too "wow" about it. By 1pm they have already sold out of the pan fried pork buns and the beef&stripe dish , which was kinda disappointing since we don't live in New York and would like to try everything of the menu. Scallion pancake with beef was a tasty dish to have as an appetizer, although it is a bit oily but it's the oiliness that made this dish so amazing. Think about it, fried dough with beef , what's not to like about it ? Service was really nice , our waitress was very accommodating. Will be back next time in New York .
I hate the shitty service here. I took my parents here they wanted some traditional Chinese food. Their food is not bad. But not impressive or excellent. Start with ordering, the waitress was extremely impatient and rude. Then I asked for 3 bowls to share the noodle. I asked a waiter, he rolled his eyes and walked away. No, he never brought the bowls to us. Not saying all the staff here are bad. At least one guy helped us out and very polite. Finally comes to the check. My dad was not sure how much to tip. The person at the receptionist told my dad whatevs. Then I asked for the receipt. She was like you want the receipt? Then wait. Jeez no matter how good their food is (it's mediocre) I wouldn't come back here ever again for this kinda shitty service. I live in Manhattan so I can find somewhere better. Just hoped my parents can feel some warmness from the people from the same country and eat some Chinese food that's it. Ridiculous place.南翔的服务是翔 (:
I came here specifically for their soup dumpling and was not disappointed at all. It took about 15 minutes from the time i placed the order to the time the dumpling came out. The filling for the dumpling was very flavorful! Beside the dumpling, i also order the recommended Scallion Pancakes. I got the one with the sliced beef. The texture to the scallion pancakes were light and crispy... and a somewhat oily, but it's still really good!
Good food but bad service. I've been here several times and the service is always horrible. Last time we got there right after lunch rush and the place was half empty... It still took forever to place our orders and get our food. The soup dumplings are still worth it I guess. I rather come here than joe shanghai. Try the spicy bamboo shoots... it's served cold with chili oil over it.
Came here to grab a quick bite mid-week around 5:30pm. Was seated immediately and we proceeded to order both types of soup dumplings and the shanghai noodles. The food was good but not out of this world. I tried really hard but couldn't differentiate between all the other places for soup dumplings. The food was cheap so worth it. Our check out experience was slow and we finally got fed up and just went to the cashier directly. The girl who was handed our check decided to start texting instead of bringing it to us - we were the table right next to the cashier.
I can't find no place like this that offers affordable, authentic, and amazing food. I tried other soup dumplings, but for some reason this place has me coming back for more. It's favorable and comforting at the same time. I absolutely love the scallion pancakes. It's my favorite over there, and combine with the hot pepper paste or hot oil. It sure makes a winning combination for me. The line can get long because the place is popular here, especially the weekend. Beside the pork dumplings, there's also the rice cakes. These are definitely to try!!! I highly recommend this place if your craving for soup dumplings. Should also try the soy milk here if you can. They are awesome both hot or cold!
Absolutely awesome!  Love the soup dumplings.  Better than Joe's as it's not as oily.  Fresh, hot, juicy.  Our waitress was surprisingly friendly and helpful for a Chinese restaurant.  Price can't be beat and nice atmosphere too.
After having dumpling soup from here. I feel like I am spoiled! I can't have any other dumplings from any other places! This place is great!!! Especially those dumplings, the skin is thin, the meat is juicy! And I love it!!! If i live closer, I would definitely come every other day.  Delicious!!!
I came here on a rather drunk debauchery filled night.  But apparently I was still sober enough to order what I craved.  Win.The thing to get from this place is the soup dumplings (steamed dumplings with juicy goodness sealed inside the bun).  Yes, the "soup" that comes out when the dumplings pops in your mouth will be SCORCHING so I'd make sure you eat it with a spoon so as to not waste the "soup".Personally, I'm not a big fan of soup dumplings because I'd much rather have soup with dumplings or dumplings soup.  But in the days of Cronuts, and Doncrois, hybrids are the way to go.The thing I ordered for myself was the beef stew.  Standard staple at any Chinese joint really and you also really can't mess it up.  Well, you can but that is like burning toast, totally avoidable.Service was good, I'd even go so far as to say BETTER than most Asian places where service isn't why you go to eat there, prices & good food is.So many places to eat in Flush town and this place didn't really stood out to me.  But I will give them a second try in hopes that it really gives me that WOW factor.
Came here on a late night, around 11 and glad I did because there was no wait and I've heard this place is always jammed packed. Now I know why. They're homemade buns (soup dumplings) and like no other.  I ordered the pork and shrimp dumpling. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the serviced sucked. The forgot to give me a spoon and I had to flag someone down and the pretty much still forgot. But we already know, not me comes to these places for service, but I would at least expect the basic utensils.
Like people say, you only need to do one thing better than everyone else to succeed in the world.  And that is how Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao expanded from one store front space only to now occupying 3 store fronts in the very competitive Flushing restaurants business. Been  going to this place in the very beginning.  Back then, the seatings were very uncomfortable as they cramped tables together. You barely had enough elbows rooms. Except for the soup dumplings, which is the best, the other dishes are very average. The menu was very limited in comparison to other establishments in the area. Nowadays, the menu is very limted. The soup dumplings tasted just as good. The seating arrangements greatly improved but I kind of miss the cramped tables like the old days. Otherwise, you could expect at least 15 mins wait time on the weekends.
Have gone here several times for breakfast.  Pros:   Their food is consistently good and tasty.Cons:   They want to seat us RIGHT next to someone else even when the restaurant is not full and we can have our own table.  Their employees are not the friendliest and customer service is so-so at best.  During one outing, I saw the waitress' thumb touch my salty bean curd soup as she was setting down my bowl - eww.
First time trying soup dumplings and man they were delicious. We got the crab and pork and pork ones. We also ordered the hot soy milk to dip with the fried dough. It was an acquired taste. I am just use to eating those fried doughs plain.  We also ordered seafood rice cake dish to try and spicy beef and tripe and beef scallion pancake which was also good.   The only thing I was not a fan of was the Shanghai style pork shui mai it was mostly rice inside.
3 of us came here for lunch on a Saturday around noon. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table so not too bad. We ordered both the pork and crab soup dumplings. Both were very good, and I don't recall liking one more than the other so you can't go wrong with either!We also ordered the beef scallion pancake which was as delicious as everyone says, though also as oily as everyone says. One thing I did like was that they have a bottle of vinegar at the table so you can use as much as you like. In my case, I like to dunk my soup dumplings AND my pancake in vinegar so it worked out quite well for me!Also tried the egg and chive pancake which was more like an empanada stuffed with leeks, but still good. Finally we all shared the braised beef noodles which came in a spicy sauce. The noodles were very long and we suspect they were hand pulled. Very delicious (though it is in fact spicy so be warned) and the beef pieces were just the right amount of tenderness. Would definitely recommend this place. There seemed to be a lull in people around 12:30/1pm. It's like all the tables opened up at that point!
The best steamed, fried, and soup dumplings ever. Worth the wait. Right in the middle of Flushing Chinatown. Dumplings are the best. They may not be very fast with your order, but the chef is a genius man! Scallion pancakes pork dumplings a must. I will try the Pig ear next time!
I've heard so many good things about this place. I've been dyinggg to try it out. I finally did :') I came here on a Friday night around 9:30pm with my boyfriend. It was busy but not so bad. We didn't have to wait to be seated or anything. We went cray cus we'd been dying to try the food here so we ordered dumplings, soup pork buns, scallion pancake with beef & udon noodles. I absolutely LOVED the scallion pancake. It was to die for. Perfect sharing portion too. The dumplings were so fresh and delicious. The udon noodles were ahhhmazingg. Everything was sharing portions. One thing that got me a bit eh was that the pork buns were so tiny! Why so tiny!? If they were slightly bigger it'd be better. But that's okay cus they tasted delicious. My boyfriend ordered a regular coke to drink & I got soy bean milk! It was cold and so good.   I def. recommend this place to everyone & anyone who enjoys dumplings and soup and all that kind of good stuff. The pricing was great. Me and boyfriend shared all this food & STILL had some left over to take home. The staff was so nice & kind too. I am 110% coming back here very soon.
Every time we visit NYC we make a point to come here for XLB.  They have the best XLB in the area.  Unfortunately, the lines can be long so come early for lunch or early for dinner.  Fortunately this time around we just stopped for a snack at around 3 pm so we were seated immediately. Ordered fried dumplings, XLB, and the spicy tendons.  All was really good as expected. We haven't had a bad food experience here yet.  Service is your typical Chinese service so don't expect too much there.
They will tell you there is a 10-15 min wait. Don't believe that. The place is packed all the time. Being on the Michelin guide helps. At times it seams chaotic and unorganized. It's quite the opposite, a gracious dance of beautiful, delicious dishes. And as always, thanks for reading. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY
Excellent as usual!!!!2 seaters are cramped but u come here for the food Fast turn aroundEfficient staff and most are friendly!!!Definitely a must stop for NYC trip!  7 line takes you to the end and it's a short 5 mins walk to address!!!
The waiter was unconcerned. Not the best food neither. Dont waste your time
Absolutely love this place!!I have been coming here for years. You know they are good because they keep expanding. The restaurant takes up a good portion of the block and is still usually packed.The soup dumplings here are amazing, the soup is good and the meat is good. The crab dumplings are my favorite but the pork one is good too. You don't have to wait too long for it to arrive and it is so flavorful.  They also usually do not break while you are picking it up. The beef wrap is alway good, crispy and full of goodness.  There is a good amount of beef unlike other places.The cold dishes! So so good. The kafu is one of my favorites. It is beyond good. There is a good mix of everything. The cucumbers are also very good.Also the noodles are good, especially the beef noodle.  Go try it now, can't go wrong with any of the dishes on the menu!
I couldn't stop thinking about the cashier episode(read the review) and didn't feel good about giving this place 4 stars even though the food was really good, hence the 2 stars.Sometime I wonder, how did we ever exist in the pre yelp days.I cant even imagine.So while driving back home from Lido Beach we saw the exit for Flushing and we could almost sense the whiff of Dumplings.Checked with Aunt Yelp and she steered us towards Nan Xian Dumpling House.There was a parking lot at $3 an hour right at the corner from the restaurant.Service was extremely spotty and although the restaurant was busy there were at least 3-4 servers just waiting around talking to each other.After one of them was taking a break from his break, he came over with the menus.We had already browsed through over the 100 reviews and the pictures and knew exactly what we wanted even before we saw the simple small unchinese like menus.Hubby got the pork soup dumplings and I got the vegetable dumplings and rice cake seafood noodles.The dumplings were totally outta of this world and we couldn't help ordering a second round each.I have never in my life seen vegetable dumplings with such generous amount of green filling.The rice cake noodle was good but somehow did not fit our taste buds.I prefer the soft rice balls to the chewy rice cakes.While we were still working on our dumplings we saw the lady at the cashier ill treat a customer over few pennies literally.She apparently short paid at the cashier but had left a decent $5 tip at the table for the server for a single order of noodle soup which was probably less than $10.We were appalled at how rude the lady was to the customer for a measly few pennies which I am sure was not the customers intention.Saddens me every time to see places like these who treat their customers like a piece of s*** and yet we shamelessly patronize these places all in the name of love for food.
I have been coming here for years. The food was fantastic. Ever since they've expanded, it's gone downhill especially with the service. The past three times that I've been here is the reason why I'm giving it 1 star. I have given this place three chances with the last one being a total disappointment. After putting our name down for a party of 3 on a busy Saturday afternoon, the hostess tells us to wait outside so that we're not blocking the entrance. We waited outside BY THE DOOR for about 45 min and started to realize that ppl who came AFTER us were getting seated. So my mom went in and asked the hostess. She tells my mom that she already called our number from inside and that we should've paid attention. Umm excuse me? We waited outside like we were told and now it's our fault for not being able to hear our number from inside. The hostess carried on with her attitude and eventually got us seated with no apologies. Once seated, the waiters would take orders from tables all around us first. It took about 15 min for them to finally take our orders. We had to ask for tea multiple times because they would just walk right past you even though you've made eye contact. The typical black vinegar with ginger sauce wasn't even on our table from the beginning and asking them would've taken another 15 min. We waited about an hour for our food. We watched people who came after us, finish their food while we were still waiting. At this point, I was about to get up and just leave. It seemed like they catered to all the non-Asians first before coming to us. Well guess what? They're not the only ones writing Yelp reviews! As for the food, the soup buns were good but there are other places comparable. This was by far the worst experience I've ever had. I would never come back to this establishment again.
Mediocre. I was expecting something more but I'll give this place 3.5... Walked in from blistering cold.. Guy tries to give us seat right by the door constantly swinging open haha no. Like do you not see me shivering, teeth chattering and all.... Lol..takes a min for waiter to realize we're waiting to place our order.. Ordered the soup dumplings they were pretty awesome and the rice cake with shredded beef... Eh. Very gummy the rice cakes were and there was like no beef.. Two strands maybe.. No one checked on us at all during the meal and it was just eh.. I mean I did love the soup dumplings tho... I just wish the whole experience was better !
Since I only had the dumplings at this Flushing Chinatown spot, I'll hold back one star, until I'm there again. The dumplings were outstanding! One word of warning though. The "pork buns" are really pork dumplings and they are FILLED with a warm, delicious broth. Don't bite into one or you'll get doused! Plop them in your mouth and enjoy. Also, the veggie dumplings were outstanding, though no broth was encountered.
This used to be my fav soup dumpling place. The soup dumplings are always fresh and filled with soup, which is important! Otherwise it would just be called dumplings. I always get 2 baskets of soup dumplings, a beef scallion pancake and a salty tofu soup...yes all for me :-)But since I found a better soup dumpling place this place has lost all appeal to me. Especially because it's really popular now and often there is a line out the door. Check out my channel youtube.com/strictlydump… to find out which place has the best soup dumplings in the city.
Love this place. First time hear ! Make sure u come early ! This place is crazy packed ! Family style food ! Their portions are so big. Try the seafood noodle soup , garlic cucumber , scallions pancakes ! Is a must.
These are excellent soup dumplings!I tried the scallion pancake with beef. It is probably just me, but I don't like the sauce in there. Pancake a bit oily. Sauce made it taste off. Guess I would prefer shredded pork with BBQ. I will tried udon noodles or fried noodle next. The soup dumplings are amazing!!Cash only. Quick refills on tea. Clean.
Pay with exact change. Every time I come here, they shortchange me by a few cents. I even got a dirty look from the cashier when I pointed out that she still owed me the rest of my change. It's not the amount of money that annoys me, it's the principle. Seriously, if my bill is $10.96, that's what the business is entitled to get from me; if I pay with a twenty, I expect to get back $9.04, not $9.  You just know they'd raise bloody hell if I decided to pay $10.90 of a $10.96 bill!Let's do some fake-Asian math, shall we?I think Nan Xiang has a capacity of around 150 people. Let's assume the cashier shortchanges each of 75 checks (to account for different-sized parties) by $0.03 and that all the tables are turned over every hour for ten hours. They make $22.50 an hour just from those three extra cents. That's $157.50 in extra untaxed revenue they're stealing from their customers on a weekly basis, and $8190 every year.  My indignance re: their shady money practices aside, the food is good. The soup buns, while no longer the orgasmic experience they once were, are still good: full of soup, nice flavor, tender, and the skins are toothsome. I used to like their beef-filled scallion pancakes but the quality of this particular dish is really inconsistent. Sometimes it's beautifully crisp, not greasy, and full of scallion pieces to complement the braised beef inside. At other times, the pancakes are heavy, drenched in oil, and devoid of scallion flavor or bits. I'm uninterested in playing the odds with this dish, so I no longer order it. It's too bad because when it's good, it's truly a wonder to taste. Their hot pepper noodle soup is wonderful and something I'd order again. It's not at all spicy despite its name; the beef broth is rich and flavorful, though you should know there is msg in it. Overall, Nan Xiang serves some excellent grub. They lost a star for their shady short changing and another for their inconsistent food quality.
Great Great Great Food! Best scallion pancakes YOU WILL EVER HAVEThe rice cake is excellent (something I haven't tried before I went here...loved it). It's casual modern dimsum, fun place to try out.
Since we've been staying in Flushing, we've gotten to try a ton a ton a TON of Chinese food, which has been awesome. It's all concentrated around Main St. - sit down, take out, food courts, carts on the street, whatever you might need. It's all delicious and reasonably priced -  and Nan Xiang is no exception. I'm assuming they're known for their dumplings, hence the "Dumpling House," and it makes sense considering the bomb-ness of their soup dumplings. They're perfectly cooked and all under $10 and man oh man are they good. We also tried the noodles and beef-cake-patties (I'm terrible, I should really get to know the names) but all the food was amazing! We left happily filled. But now for the three star rating... that service, man. I thought for a moment that it was because I was there and quite obviously didn't speak Chinese - I get it, it's frustrating when someone who has no idea what things are or how to speak the language is trying to order. However, I was with my Chinese-speaking boyfriend and his mom and it was amazing how many times we were either straight up ignored or dismissed. We had to ask for water a million times before they finally brought it, and even to order our food, it took us a long time to get a waiter to stop for us. It seems pretty disorganized and while it's always busy, it's not a very large restaurant. Throw a smile on - or not even that, at least get the orders right when we do order! That'd help me enjoy the overall experience of this place a lot more.ALSO cash only too!
The food is ok, but service is very slow. Soup dumpling without provide spoon. No tea refill, and server is standing far. Pass my table multi-time without refilling my cups. Hard to get a hold of server. But hey, this this a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Who cares about service anyway. They only sell fast food, just eat and get the heck out ASAP.
first thing to order is the xiao long bao. about one or two trays per person. it is that good. it is dumplings with a soup inside the dumpling. the rest of the menu is gravy ... but good gravy ....
Cash only but amazing xiao long bao. Best I've had on the East Coast!If you're in Flushing. GO!
By far my favorite soupy dumpling spot! Been to Joe's Shanghai many times, for the distance and hassle, it's not worth it now after coming here. Thin and very juicy crap soup dumplings... Yum! They also have delicious cold spicy beef appetizers. Would definitely recommend this place!
A new go-to place in Flushing. Great food for a relatively budget friendly price. Went in a day before Chinese New Year(just to look for tikoy) and a Sunday and it was packed at 2pm. Thumbs Up with the sweet bean curd we had and the scallion pancake with beef. Will recommend this place.
Cold appetizersSoup dumplingslong lines in front of the doorsmall placechefs making their creations right in frontthis place is so good!!!
Excellent scallion pancakes and pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao) at reasonable prices. Probably the best soup dumplings I've tried in NYC.
Lunch for two. Had to wait 15 min for a table, we got seated in the inner room. It was crowded and we sat so close to next table that you can listen in to each others conversation. So this place is not for any intimate chat or dates.We ordered a cold dish, beef tripe (spicy), rice cake, salty cabbage and fish noodle soup and also the famous soup dumplings.The cold dish came first. It was delicious, the spiciness was not overpowering. I'd like more of this yummy cold beef. Then came the noodle soup which was mehh... The noodles was soggy and the soup bland. Worse was the fish that tasted earth/dirt, I forgot to ask what kind of fish they used. I tried to finish it but the mudtaste grew stronger!The rice cake stir fry was a bit oily but still ok. Reminds me of the hk style beef noodle.Soup dumplings finally arrived but by then I was pretty full. It was ok but remember I've had better before or it might be I'm not that hungry. I'd probably come back for another try and order less food.The other buns that came last we just packed them with us.The service was ok but it was busy so it took awhile before we got the bill. When it finally came it was the wrong bill, haha....more wait to get it fixed but they apologized when we got the right bill and said it was busy so our table got mixed up.
Found my go to spot for soup dumplings! Wait on the weekend is bit long, but totally worth it. Standard pork dumplings are $6 for 6 of them, pretty reasonable price. Great place for group or causal dining.
Authentic Chinese Shanghainese cuisine! I've been coming to this places for years now and they've expanded the restaurant over the years but they're still busy as ever and sometimes the lines go out the door and down the street. Definitely plan on a wait when you come. The menu is has stayed the same, with cold dishes like fried gluten and preserved veggies and edamame, hot appetizers like scallion Pancake and salty douhua, small entrees like Xiao long bao soup dumplings which is what they're known for and other Chinese stir fry dishes. The dumpling skin is made fresh and thin which takes skill and they're steamed perfectly. The service is on and off because they're so busy but for the most part, they're quick on getting your order and very quick on serving it. The chive and leek pockets are not as good as I'd like them to be cause the skin is too thick and the stuffing is too little. The soy milk here is very rich and delicious!
I surely am a fan of Nan Xiang Dumpling.  For our recent very very short stay in Flushing, we actually went there twice.  Which is pretty amazing since there must be like more than two dozen restaurants/eateries I wanted to try.  The first night we arrived in NYC, I wanted to go because, well, I really really want some good xiao lun bao.  I've heard of Nan Xiang (of course) and have tried them in Vancouver, BC (in a food court).  So when I learned our hotel is a mere 2 min walk from this place, it was a no brainer.I ordered the XLB, dumplings, and wonton.  And it was a nice 1 AM feast (really bad for me, I know).  The food was not the best I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good.  So the very next morning, we went back because I wanted to try their breakfast as well.  And by breakfast, I mean soy milk, Chinese donut, another round of XLB and pan fried small buns.  If I live in Flushing, I'd probably come here every week....
I dream of these XLB...oh why do I have to live so far away from Flushing? The stern-looking owner or manager guy who tended the front was fun to watch. He looked like he was about one or two sentences away from unleashing some can of Kung Fu whoop ass on any customer that pushed him slightly the wrong way. Maybe this place gets so busy, and rightly so, that the pressure on him is too much. Whatever, what they've got going works well, and the food is a joy. In additional to the ethereal XLB's (and I liked the pork better than the crab and pork), the stir fried rice cake with pork was really delicious. This is a perfect place for a comforting Chinese breakfast to start your day off right. Just make sure to keep your mouth shut around that guy in the front and no sudden moves. I don't need him going postal on your skinny butt and ruining my favorite XLB restaurant!
WISH I TRIED MORE! the dumplings melted in your mouth, so easy to pop those suckers back!
Quality, authentic Chinese soul food! You will not be disappointed, I promise. I brought a friend here and we ordered veggie dumplings, warm soymilk, fried dough, shumai, scallion pancakes, and fried (soup) dumplings (?) (Not sure what they're called in English but trust me, everything was GOOD.) Come here!
This is a long overdue review because I came here after a Flushing Yelp event and karaoke way way back in early March with a group of Yelpers. Though, I remember distinctly what I ordered and all of it being delicious and having enough food to take home for seconds the next day. Steph ordered the traditional soup dumplings, which I tried one of and the skins were cooked perfectly and the taste was on point. I had ordered pan fried pork buns and they were way more enormous than I had expected with a generous sprinkling of sesame seeds on the top of each round dough ball. Dumplings and buns is where this place excels. Noodles and soup were just average. At least, from what I remember Anderson saying about his noodle soup it was just alright. My Shanghai Panfried udon noodles were just alright as well and on the point of being bland and boring. I could have left satisfied without ordering them. One thing you should get though are their scallion pancakes! They were perfection and some of the best I've ever tasted.
Excellent food at very reasonable prices. We had the soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes with pork and the pan fried udon noodles. All delicious!
This is the best xiao long bao in flushing areaI gave this place 4 stars bcoz of the service was horrible and the server was not friendly and gave us shitty face not even smile but atleast i got the good food
+ Amazing XLB. Most soup I've ever seen in one of these. Only thing I think Din Tai Fung does better is the thinness of their skin.+ Scallion pancakes were fantastic~ Other chinese dishes were solid~ Get there early
Tasty food, especially the spicy beef tripe. Prices are in line with the prices of a lot of places in Flushing, that is, very cheap. Nothing much to say or expect with the interior or ambience, you're only going for the food. I would recommend what they're famous for, the xiao long bao, it's one of the better ones in NYC.
Cheap, fast, and delicious. I make sure to get my soup dumpling fix in before any flight. Love the red bean puffs too.
CASH ONLY!!!!Chinese food here are very delicious.  Portion is very generous.  The wait doesn't take very long, so just be patient.  You will get the seat very soon.Really recommend the soy milk!
The food was okay, but it gave me gingivitis afterwords,Probably due to them not fully cooking the food and not removing the bacteria from the meat.THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!! WATCH OUT!!! BEWARE!!!!
Delicious xiao long bao - not the best I've ever had but it certainly hits the spot. We had the salty soy milk and fried dough which was great. The pan fried dumpling could have been left on the pan longer. The service was quick and food came out reasonably fast. MOf note: my neighboring customers had their orders mixed up with another table and they were able to fix it though the customers were grumpy because the waitress kept insisting they didn't mess up.
Verdict: Food is pretty good, but the service really slow.I would rate this above Joe's Shanghai but below Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao. The xiao long bao here are typically pretty good. The texture of the skin is done well and the flavors are there. However I generally find the other dishes are too oily. Namely the Shanghai pan -fried noodles and the Beef pancake( both dishes which I consider a staple in Shanghai Cuisine).This would definitely be 4 stars if it the service wasn't so slow. Last time I went on a busy saturday, it took more than 30 minutes for the xiao long bao, and took FOREVER for us to get our check after we asked for it. Overall not bad if I'm in the area, but if I'm craving XLB I'm going to Kung Fu.
Only came here for the soup dumplings - and I can say that I was not disappointed at all.I've had my fair share of soup dumplings.. from super authentic ones in Shanghai to famous ones from Din Tai Fung and Joe's Shanghai. Compared to those, these from Nan Xiang are definitely the best soup dumplings I've had in America. The thickness of the skin is perfect, almost too thin that you really have to demonstrate technique when picking up the dumplings or you'll be left soupless. The soup/porkfat is AMAZING and so delicious. Every dumpling was consistent in quality. I normally don't dig the crab + pork soup dumplings, but got it here just to try. So happy I did because they were BOMB. I highly recommend them, but of course you can't go wrong with the classic pork.Flushing is far far away and there's almost always a wait here, but I'll make the trip over any day to get myself 2 orders of these little pieces of heaven.
Fasten yer seat-belt, this place if off the charts delicious! If you're ordering dumplings or baozi be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes, that's just the time it takes to steam them up fresh. Otherwise check out the beef noodle soup, which is delectable!
Great late night food that's also inexpensive.My only complaint is that the place gets so busy, that you're seated real close to other customers.  Privacy is always lacking.
Solid 5/5... Great alternative if you're in Queens and in the mood for XLB. The rice cakes were cooked to perfection and the broth in the dumplings was just right. Will be coming back often.
The service was really bad here. The crab and pork soup dumplings were mediocre. Joe's Shanghai has better dumplings. Take your business elsewhere.
Love the soup dumpling, must try Steamed crab meat  & pork buns Mmmm!! Also love the fried dumpling, service is fast prices are great.. Family friendly,
Probably one of the best if not THE best soup dumpling place in NY. Here you'll see the live action grandmas making the dumplings from scratch. One rolls out the doll into tiny proportionate circles. The other applies the filling and forms the dumpling. The last prepared the cabbage and placement for steaming. Dream team of soup dumpling making.The rest of the menu is really good and incredibly authentic. There isn't anything here I don't like. Well, except for the scallion pancakes.  It's very greasy. Dumplings better than Shanghai manor? Yes. Everything else better than Shanghai manor? Nope. But this place is the spot to hit if you get that soup dumpling Shanghainese craving.
Not the best xiaolongbao I've had. I think Joes Shanghai is much better. But the scallion pancake with beef was delicious, but not enough beef inside. Seafood with noodle was good but a bit greasy.   overall a solid place.
This place never disappoints. Winter, spring, summer, or fall, this has been and still is my go-to place for Xiao Long Bao when I get the craving for it. The service is quick and there's enough room to get seated quickly, and who doesn't want to eat breakfast food for dinner?!The scallion pancakes with beef are a must-have with your soup dumplings. Deep fried goodness. You won't regret it!If you're looking for soup dumplings without having to wait a long time during peak hours like you would at Joe's Shanghai, give this place a try. Cash only, so be prepared!
I had the best Xiao Long Bao in NY there! Everything we had was very fresh. Steamed Vegetable Dumpling was my favorite! This place totally lives up to the hype!
I came here expecting amazing food since I read all the Yelp Reviews. My boyfriend and I were seated quickly by the host who didn't even get up to greet us. It's Flushing so I didn't expect much service anyway. We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, fried dough, hot soybean milk, fried Shanghai lo mein, and two orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings. Our food was pretty good until we saw a bug in our noodles... The waiter replaced the dish as soon as we told them.Overall, I wouldn't go back. The soup dumplings are were flimsy and the skin was easily broken. The dumplings were decent at best, I don't know what the hype is.
Overall our meal was good.  We were seated at the same time as two other couples at three tables side-by-side.  We sat in-between the two couples.  The two couples ordered quickly, but then the server forgot to take our order afterwards. We kept trying to flag the server.  The two tables had their food served and our order was still not taken.  Once we got our order placed, food came out relatively quickly.  We got...spicy wontonsscallion pancakes with beefpork soup dumplingscrispy noodles with shredded porkSpicy wontons were ok, not at all spicy.  Don't expect too much from the scallion pancakes.  When I first took a bite, I liked it.  Maybe it was the sweetness to it?  Then I didn't later.  Soup dumplings and the crispy noodles were great.  Will definitely be back to try some other dishes.
The crab meat soup dumplings were delicious and juicy, but the service was TERRIBLE. My friend and I ONLY ordered 3 orders of the crab meat soup dumplings and an order of the scallion pancakes. but somehow all the waiters (we spoke to like 4 different people) each forgot to check up on our soup dumpling order so we did not get them for about 30 minutes. During this time, several large groups came in (it was after 11pm) and the waiters were nowhere to be found in our particular dining room. Finally, when I managed to flag down a more diligent waiter, he checked up on our order and realized that it was either never inputted or given to the wrong person so he finally inputted the orders and said 6 minutes. Then, on top of that, he only brought us 2 orders when we ordered 3 and when I told yet another waiter that we had in fact ordered 3 soup dumplings, he grunted at me in a yes-i-know way. Then I see him enter the third order finally in the back. After eating all of the dumplings, the 3rd order was still no where to be seen so I decided to cancel the order because we were tired of waiting. When I asked to cancel, several waiters gave me a look as if I had troubled them when they were the ones who completely messed up my order in the first place! The waiter had the audacity to come back to me and exclaim that there was only a minute left on the dumplings, but I said it doesn't matter we had waited like 45 minutes for this 3rd order so we no longer wanted it. I wanted to leave 0 tip but it is the holiday season. Mistakes happen. But they do not have attentive, polite waiters. If ONE waiter would have listened to us early on or checked up on our table that ONLY had scallion pancakes (isn't that weird) we would have resolved this problem a lot quicker.
Can I give this place a 6*?! We went here after going the night session of the US Open since it is only one more stop on the subway. I love Shanghai soup dumplings, but my wife is not the biggest fan of them (she loves all other dim sum), so I was certainly going to get those dumplings when I came with her cousin. We ordered 2 six packs of the shanghai dumplings along with cucumbers for postering sake. They were really good. Her cousin was raving about it and how we had to add this onto our US Open tradition.
This place is always packed but the wait is never very long. THE SOUP DUMPLINGS ARE AMAZING. YOU WILL CRAVE IT! The price is so cheap too and they have a laege variety to choose from. This place makes putting up with the traffic worth it, it is that good! My aunt and I ate here were stuffed and didn't even spend 30 bucks
Ordered the crab and pork soup dumpling....verrrrry delicious and hot! (Temp-wise which = fresh). The scalion pancake with beef was ok, but different. Service was great, and will come back for sure!
Someone help me, I cannot stop eating here. Their "soup dumplings" put Joe Shanghai's to shame. Their crispy noodles with chicken have a crunch and a kick to die for. Their scallion pancakes have the right balance of flavors. I really cannot say enough. The best places are often hole in the wall ones such as these. Highly recommend!
Cheap Eats. I came here twice within a a month. Good food. May be a little oily. The soup dumplings are a staple. Must order them with or without crab meat. The beef noodles were my type of spicy but it was too oily. Scallion Pancakes were decent. The oyster sause may have ruined the taste. Lo Mien was BOMB. And the peanut sause steamed dumplings were delicious .
So I have joined the battlefield between this place and Joe's Shanghai. Here's my verdict.XLB: Unfortunately, Joe's Shanghai wins, but just barely. Everything was almost exactly the same, except two things. The soup has a lot more MSG in JS (NX wins this one), but the skin in NX is much more thicker, to a point if you let it cool down it will turn hard. The latter part is a bigger factor for me as I'm a slow eater. We ordered two rounds of XLB and by the time I started the second time the skin was already hard.Other food: This place has a lot more variety for my non-pork eating mom and grandma compared to JS, and they tasted much better as well. Scallion pancakes, beef tripe, and the veggie dumplings were some of the other things we ordered, along with chicken wine and beef noodles. All were tasty and enjoyed by us all.So who won this battle? Well I guess it depends on who I'm with. I'll go back to JS if I'm not with my mom or grandma next time I'm in NYC. If I am, this place works for me as well.
Came here the other day after not having been here in a while and WOW the XLB (soup dumplings) got smaller and there was lack of pork in the Shanghai fried noodles. It looks like I got soy sauce stir fried noodles. I think there are better competitors out there now on Main Street and in Bayside.
If I were living in this area, I would go here for dinner almost every night. A variety of delicious, authentic Chinese food for amazing price. You pay a little over $20 for three dishes and two people will have very satisfying portion. I would definitely come back here! *Cash Only.
My friends and I all agree this is the best xiao long bao in Flushing!Turnip puffs are nice treat also.Try the cold appetizer of spicy beef!!!Lots of room now available since they expanded.
Went there for brunch on a Sunday morning approximately 11-ish.  Real quick seating, with virtually no wait time.  This place is the typical Flushing spot, no frills decor, semi-cordial service, but fast and straight to the point.  I had the obligatory xiao long bao, scallion pancakes with beef and the spicy beef noodle soup.  Everything was tasty, especially the soup dumplings.  The missing star is for the soup spoons were too small for the xiao long boas, the broth for the beef noodles wasnt as hot as I would have preferred.  I would visit again
Never had soup dumplings. Yeah I know. Craving dumplings in the area the likes of Prosperity in Chinatown, came across this place. Upon reading their specialty is soup dumplings I had to give it a try. Seated immediately with a few patrons. The most common thing on most tables were the dumplings and scallion pancake. Great. Got steamed pork buns and pan fried dumplings.(It being called steamed pork buns threw me off a little.)Pan fried came really quick ... Like too quick but were pretty okay, none like the magical ones I've had before but decent. Then came the soup dumplings, since being a noobie I glanced at the other table to see the best way to eat it.Delicious soup and skin wasn't doughy, easy to break through and enjoy.Worth the experience and glad they set the bar for me.
Best Soup Dumplings in New York!! Service - if Chris is your waiter, he'll take great care of you. Soft spoken and extremely kind. Place is open late and if you get there before the dumpling makers leave they'll serve you. Scallion pancake sliced beef is delicious. Get the traditional pork soup dumplings and the pan fried dumplings. Pork chop noodle soup and seafood crispy noodles are great for sharing. Don't waste your time at the over priced spots in manhattan. This is the go to!!
I was a little skeptical b/c of the hype and the lines out the door and the high percentage of non-Chinese customers. But, we had a really solid meal and I plan to go back this weekend.I'm not a soup dumpling expert, but I thought these were really good. The skin seemed a little thick to me, but the broth was nice and hot and the flavor was balanced.We also had seafood w/ crispy noodles, rice cake w/ chicken, scallion pancakes, scallion pancakes stuffed with beef, and fried pork dumplings. Everything was above average or really great. My favorites were the crispy noodles and scallion pancakes. Honestly, I ate the scallion pancakes and understood what every other scallion pancake was striving for. The ones stuffed with beef were a bit too much for me, but everyone else loved them. The rice cake dish was also very good. Um, I didn't try the pork dumplings b/c my nephew finished them before I even realized they had arrived.We went on a Saturday evening and the wait was less than 15 minutes. If you find that you have to wait for a while, I suggest sending someone from you party two blocks down the street to White Bear for some wontons with chili oil to eat while you wait. Parking is always an issue in this area. We lucked out and got a spot in the municipal lot across the street. If all else fails, park at SkyView Mall for $3 and walk.
I am sure that you heard a lot about this famous restaurant. They always have the best soup dumplings that people love ever. The soup dumplings (crab and pork) would definitely make you all feel so yummy and warm whenever is right time for you all. Love sucking soup from the top of the dumpling where you ate first before eating whole dumpling. That's what people did that way traditionally. Beef scallion pancake is very delicious and sweet food!  Sweet soy milk soup is very good and for my breakfast time. :-)I hope you really enjoy it!
This place deserves a 0-1 star, I have been here so many times but the last time I ate here it was by far the worst experience. We got our crispy pan fried noodles and a cockroach!!! WTF?! Girlfriend, Called the waiter over and told them discreetly... We continue eating the other dishes we ordered. Our crispy noodles comes back!! But this time the noodles is not crispy at all?!? Geez I wonder why??? They gave us back the same noodles!!! WTF??! Tried to lie to us saying they threw out the old order but sorry can't believe you!! Bad zombie waiter service!! I usually don't care but don't lie and serve back a dish with a cockroach! Come'on man!!Take that garbage back!! No thanks and will not come back!! This restaurant can pay Yelp to remove or hide this post!! But if I can save another from this horrible experience then it is worth my time posting it!!!!!
Always have great soup dumplings. And cheap.But horrible service: they bring it food separately. I had a dumpling coming out when I was waiting for a check.
We needed a filling meal before attending the US Open, so I was glad we had the chance to try Nan Xiang. We arrived around 12:30PM on a Monday and waited for no more than 10 minutes. The menu is only two pages, so it was quick deciding which items to order. Of course, we get one order of the pork xiao long baos, along with Shanghai shao mai, scallion pancake with sliced beef, and crispy noodles with shredded chicken.The crispy noodles came to the table first. They were definitely crispy and crunchy prior to mixing with the overly salty, yet savory sauce. There were a lot of napa cabbage shreds, but chicken and mushroom were definitely lacking.The scallion pancake with sliced beef was extremely greasy, but very crispy and delicious. Thin beef slices were paired with Hoisin sauce, I think. The pancake itself was very starchy and filling. The Shanghai shao mai was very filling as well because the Shanghai version is made with glutinous rice. (I'm more familiar with Cantonese versions made with only meat.)And lastly, the most anticipated dish for this restaurant visit, finally arrives about 15 minutes after our first dish. The XLBs are made fresh to order, and they were HUGE! You're even given a pair of tongs to pick them up. They barely fit on the spoon, and when breaking the skin to release all the soup, the soup practically fills the whole spoon! Soup is delicious and flavorful, as well as the juicy pork ball. We were thinking of getting another order, but we didn't have the time to wait.Our total was $23, including tax and tip, so it comes to $11.50/person, which I must say is a great deal for lunch!
Yum yum yum! My mouth is already watering from thinking about this place. My friend and I were craving soup dumplings on a Sunday afternoon, so with a little bit of help from Yelp and Eddie Huang, we came across this place. :)We arrived around 2PM and waited about 15 minutes to get seated. We took a look at the menu (which conveniently had pictures) and were fixed on getting pork soup dumplings, seafood crispy noodle, scallion pancake with beef, and two orange sodas (boo to sink water). Pork soup dumplings: Jesus Christ. I don't even care if I look like an idiot trying to open my small mouth wide open to fit this delicious dumpling into my mouth. Well worth it. Especially after giving it a nice sauna in the soy sauce and letting it cool down after a minute (high-five if you get my reference). Seafood crispy noodle: Yummy! I liked the texture of the gooey and savory seafood against the crispness of the noodle. Nice balance. Tastes like a snack though haha. Delicious nonetheless.Scallion pancake with beef: Ok. I like my scallion pancakes with more... Scallion. But the beef was good and so was the brown sauce. Would've preferred it with more scallion though!Food was solid. Service was ok, but was quick to bring out orders. I just wish they accepted card. My friend and I were short of cash, so........ We couldn't tip. I PROMISE I'LL DOUBLE TIP NEXT TIME SO PLEASE DON'T NOT SEAT ME. Because your food is amazing and I definitely would return. :'(
It was a busy Friday night but we only had about a twenty minute wait and it was well worth it. We had a few appetizers and soup Dumplings (the best! Even got an extra order!) as well as our entrees and everything was excellent and very well priced .
Compared the dumpling quality from when it first opened to now, the quality declined.  Nonetheless still delicious.  Kind of hard calling the waiter when it's super crowded (I awkwardly chased after him once).  They used to give you a little saucer of black vinegar and ginger but now they give you a saucer with ginger and you pour the vinegar yourself (that small vessel on the side of the table is not soy sauce).  Not all tables have this so sometimes you will have to share the love.  In all honesty this is not the best xiaolong bao place in flushing but it's pretty darn good and I'd come here if I'm in main street.
scallion beef roll is the best. get the salty soy milk and the oil donut to dip it in. sour salty soft and crunchy. of course their soup dumplings are a must. the skin is super thin, and each bite is just perfect. service leaves more to be desired. but....it's flushing so it's adequate
It was a kind of weird experience with the language barrier (not all the people working there speak english) and I kind of felt like an outcast with all the other asian people eating there together, speaking various other languages and I felt like the only spanish guy within a 2 mile radius of the place at the time. But the food is great and the service was good. I tried the udon noodles which were awesome and a good large portion size, a circular bamboo steamer full of thin steamed pork buns which had an amazing flavor, as well as a plate of pan fried pork buns which had a nice thick dough outer shell with the perfect consistency. If they took the liquidy pork center of the thin steamed version and combined it with the nice outer shell of the pan fried version they would have the perfect pork bun in my opinion. Or you can buy both like I did and have a feast. Would recommend this place to anyone thats visiting or lives in the area.
Best soup dumplings in Flushing period.  You can barely go wrong with anything on the menu and watching the ladies make the soup dumplings from scratch is a treat.
My FAVORITE soup dumpling place besides the originals in China! Ugh it's just perfection... Some people say it's a little too oily and then there's that complain that the line on weekends are out the door (though they've expanded)... But I still say 5 stars because it sure is tasty! The cold appetizers like glutinous dough and the rice cakes are also amongst my favorite dishes there. Yummmyy
This rating is simply for Terrible service. Young lady had the nerve to chase customers out of the restaurant charging additional tip on top of what was already given. Never coming back again.
The food here is delicious and definitely worth trying. I had the Shanghai Noodles with Chicken and a order of regular soup dumplings and the crab meat dumplings. The soup that were in the dumplings was hot and the meat inside was tender. I'd give this place 5 stars but I still would prefer Joe's Shanghai over this place, and we had to remind a waitress 20 minutes in about our order.
My family and I have been here a few times and the food is always delicious!!! The soup dumpling's meat and soup were extremely hot and flavorful. In addition, to the soup dumplings we had an assortment of noodles which were delicious and I would highly recommend the noodles. Overall the food was excellent and every time I come here the food is constantly excellent.
So much good food for so cheap!!Nothing I can say to complement their awesomeness.However be wary of the soy sauce, it's super vinegary
Having been here a time or two (or ten), I've got something to say about you, Nan Xiang Dumpling House.The succulent soup-filled dumpling (otherwise known as xiao long bao) is a double-edged sword which can only be mastered through years of practice and experience. As you pierce the skin, a waterfall of soup will pour out, scalding your unprepared mouth while washing your taste buds with a overload of savory goodness that will keep you coming back for more. This burn is merely one's initiation into the xiao long bao club as there will be many more to come.Back to the actual restaurant, Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are pretty bomb, but I've gotta give them a 4.5/5. I grew up on Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings and these simply don't cut it for me. They're good, but they lack the savoriness that I crave in a xiao long bao and as many chances as I give this place, their dumplings fall a little short every time.That said, it is usually a toss-up between this place and Joe's depending on personal tastes and I wholeheartedly recommend you try them out.
The food is good.  It really is, the soup dumplings and shanghai pan fried udon is to die for but as they say, ignorance is bliss.  The last time I ventured in this establishment I heard rats in the ceiling scampering around and squeaking.  I genuinely love the food but I have to rethink about coming back here.
If gmama wants xiao long bao then gmama gets its! Waited for 30 minutes to be seated, then another 25 minutes to be served. Food is good, but the service and wait time sucked. We ordered the sweet soy milk, with chinese donut, and the xiao long bao to share. The food was enjoyable but the wait was just too long. ENJOY!
Eat here. Trust me,  you won't regret it.  Pros: The most delicious soup dumplings that have ever touched my tastebudsCons: awkward seating arrangements with strangers 3inches from you. Verdict: Must try
This is solely for the beef role.  I waited 30 minutes for this thing, but it was worth it.  The pancake was thick and perfect in texture.  The beef was only one slice thick, but was so flavorful, that this was definitely enough for me.  I think the sauce was simply hoisin, and though I'm sure they could've gotten a little fancier on this, they didn't really need to since it complimented the roll rather well as is.One thing:  They're extremely popular, so placing the order took awhile.  Also picking it up took almost 10min, b/c although my order was sitting there, large groups were taken care of before I could pick it up.  Anyways, you never go to an Asian restaurant for the service.  I would come back to this restaurant for the beef roll.
Delicious soup dumplings is all you need and want here. Ok you can also get the beef scallion pancakes and rice noodles. Come here early to avoid the crowd. Still considered one of the best XLB in NY in my opinion.
Wow...they've been Michelin approved for many years, impressive, but that doesn't sway my opinion.My friends I came here specifically to try their Shanghai (soup) dumplings. We ordered that, an order of Shengjian bao (huge pan fried dumplings), and pig ears as an appetizer. The Shanghai dumplings were average; the skins were a little thicker than what I prefer. The soup inside was okay, but the pork filling was missing something that I couldn't quite place my finger on. Oh well. The Shengjian bao were humongous. The skins were extra thick and doughy. They looked like pan fried pork buns to me. They were interesting to eat though, because I've never had them before. The pig ears were served cold in some sort of chili oil. They were pretty good--chewy and spicy. Service was pretty slow and not very attentive. Felt like the entire establishment was a little overrated for me; not sure what all the fuss is about.
Best Chinese food in the country. No wait and much better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan.Soup dumplings are juicy and flavorful. If I lived here in NY I will be a regular here. Hands down its the best in NY. Stop reading the rest of the reviews and try it for yourself.
Yum yum. I really like the xiao long bao here. Now, here's a pro tip--the crab and pork xiao long bao and just pork xiao long bao pretty much taste the same. So if you want to save money, I'd recommend just ordering the pork xiao long bao.Oh I thought the tongs that come along with the xiao long bao is pretty innovative as it helps moving the dumplings into the soup spoon. If you are not that well versed with delicately using chopsticks for grabbing the soup dumplings, the tongs certainly help.
At first glance, it's looks like a small restaurant but it actually has two more rooms adjacent to the main one. Nonetheless, it's still really crowded!! We got here around 2 and we had to wait 10 minutes (which isn't bad at all considering the rave this place has). The menu conveniently has pictures and is easy to read. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef, pork fried buns, crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and shui mai. My first impression for all the food is how oily and greasy it is.  The scallion pancake with beef had so much oil that it was pooling on the plate. I came here for the huge rave about the soup dumplings but maybe it was just me and I was having a bad day or something but the dumplings tasted like nothing special. But I did overall enjoy the crab ones. Shui Mai was basically sticky rice, pork buns were good but greasy. Overall, filling but I don't plan on returning.
This place definitely captured my heart in an instant. It was as close to love at first sight as you can get. I've passed by this place numerous times and never once thought about going in. My boyfriend and I arrived at around 10AM on a Saturday and was immediately seated. However, there was already a pack of people there before us and a hefty line was starting to form as we finished eating. We ordered one order of the crab meat & pork soup dumplings and WOW.. we were definitely caught way off guard. It was super soupy and delicious and the filling was so tender and warm. Next off was the rice cake. My boyfriend usually isn't a fan of rice cake but this is the first dish that he couldn't stop picking at himself! (Please believe me when I say that when my boyfriend does not like something even the tiniest amount- that he makes a dramatic show out of chopsticks hitting everything but the food) but this did not happen even once during our entire time here. The beef noodle soup from what I remember (as I myself couldn't stop digging into the rice cake) had the perfect amount of spiciness and went down very smoothly. It was quite refreshing drinking the broth after munching on a bunch of rice cake.
This place is another Xiao Long Bao place that I tried. Not bad but also not good at the same time. Nothing special. My point is that if I have to pay for food, it better taste at least in similar level or better than my own cooking. I rather to goto the food court a block away because at least I don't have to pay the tip and additional tax on the food that already cost a bit more but not really better.
My expectations were raised from so many people claiming that these XLBs were the best in NY. After trying them, I would say they are very good but it's debatable whether or not they're the best in the city. We got the ones with crab meat and pork - the skin had the right  thickness and the flavors were on point.  4/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… The scallion pancake with beef was disappointing. They were nothing like the beef rolls I've had in LA. This version had only 1 pathetic looking, thinly sliced piece of beef laid in the middle of the pancake. And that one piece of beef wasn't even long enough to cover the pancake from end to end! The scallion pancake itself was extremely doughy and bland.  I couldn't decide whether the hoisin sauce made this dish better or worse. I would call this a poor man's beef roll. 2/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… We also got rice cake w mixed seafood. Not bad but quite oily. I don't understand why so many restaurant make this dish oily - I know it's possible to make it flavorful without putting in so much oil cuz I've had it. Theirs weren't as oily as Joe's Shanghai though, so I was thankful for that at least. 3/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… The place is small but attracts a lot of tourists as it's featured in the Michelin Guide. So there's usually a wait.  As we were trying to enter there were some tourists trying to drag their suitcases out of the restaurant - not an easy feat given how narrow the entrance is. Not worth the hassle for me.FYI, Menu: yelp.com/user_local_phot…
This place definitely has some delicious Shanghai food. However, "the best soup dumpling of NYC" title is very subjective. I still feel like Joe's Shanghai has more flavorful soup dumplings.What I love about their soup dumplings is that the skin is super sturdy and will not break. Furthermore, the soup is very clear and does not have the greasy porky taste of most soup dumplings. Their other dishes are standard. The rice cakes are a must try!
stumbled upon this place. totally auth flushing experience. i hope it stays in business. it would be a shame if a taco bell opened in its place.rice cake & cucumbers are top choice appetizers. byob as far as i can tell.
The steam soup dumping was great but be careful , cause when mine came 4 out of 6 has no soup inside , I thought was normal  , that I asked the waitress , she said to tell them so they could replace it , what I try to say is if u look like a tourist they will give u the broken one with no soup in it !
There was a line to be seated and we were told 20 mins, we got seated in about 5 mins. Sat down to tea being poured right away. Placed our order and our food came out fast ! (Although not all of it came out together) this place runs like well oiled machine. Food: spicey beef and tripe (yikes) it was my first time trying tripe it was ok, didn't taste like much. It was a little chewy. The dish had very good spice I just didn't like it being cold, so I only tried it once and I was good. Veggie dumplings were ok a little bland. Pan fried pork buns were awesome ! Came out super hot and had a crunchy bottom. Udon noodles were great if you like lomein I would definitely suggest ordering the pan fried udon noodles it's like lomein on steroids. Beef scallion pancake was also very good, flaky, and super flavorful with hoisin sauce inside. (Both the noodles and pancakes were slightly on the oily side) soup dumplings were great and also very hot. seafood soup is a very good deal for the price for around $7 you get a huge bowl of soup filled with noodles and a variety of seafood like shrimp and scallops. The broth was delicious and the shrimp were cooked perfectly and not rubbery. Service was prompt, tea was constantly being refilled, everyone just seems to love this place (kids included). You will have to ask for forks if you can't use chopsticks. I will definitely be back.
I went there because people have been telling me how authentic the soup dumpling is. I was really excited to try it but was slightly disappointed in the end (maybe my expectation was too high). The skin was well done but the flavor could be elevated. That being said, I loved the soy milk. The rice cake was not bad but slightly greasy. Note: CASH ONLY.
The waitress totally ruined my diner. I come thank to the michelin guide. First impression was good. The place is crowded. The order is taken fast. But after she never come with the tea. We had to beg her for it. Same thing with the sauce but we get it from other costumers. Then a part of our meal didn't come. That was enough,  the please and next. I will rather chose again Galaxy Dumplings than this place. The overall experience is much better.
I visited Nan Xiang as part of a Flushing dumpling tour. It was definitely my favorite spot. It feels more authentic than Joe's Shanghai. It's not gigantic, but wasn't too crowded and was clean. Also it's the place with the Chinese signs and all the Michelin and Zagat stickers in the windows in case you aren't sure if you found the right spot.The food was great. The soup dumplings are piping hot and have a thin skin with a very savory filling. The crab and pork dumplings are very savory, but there were some small bits of shell in some of our dumplings. Not really too big of a deal. The pork dumplings have a bacon porky taste, which is incredible. They also make the best scallion pancakes I have ever had. They are crispy and light, not greasy or dense like most places. We also got hot soy milk, which would have probably been better with the The service was decent. But the price was great. We had 5 orders of soup dumplings and two of scallion pancakes with beers and soy milk for under $50. Really delicious meal too.
it is one of the most reliable dumpling houses in New York City. The crowds are pretty ridiculous in the evenings and on the weekends but things move pretty quickly. The service is spotty but that should be a given with the volume they make and you just need to be a little more pushy than usual.
Didn't compare to the hype. Very greasy and slimy, I would stick to chinatown or even Vanessas dumplings to be honest. Service was rushed and uninterested.
Cheaper and quicker place to go if you want soup dumplings on a winter evening, and don't want to wait for a seat in Joe's Shanghai for dinner. They are just as good as ones you get at Joe's.Their spicy pig ear cold appetizer is a good side dish to share, but all else is pretty average. Don't expect to go in asking too many questions or for recommendations, service is efficient and to the point, but English, like many places in flushing, is barely understood here.
This restaurant had great dim sum and the service was okay. The soup dumplings were my favorite! Overall this place is a good spot, but the only true downside is that they only accept cash.
The service is pretty typical snappy and not happy but the beef scallion pancakes are amazing and so are the pork and crab soup dumplings so i'm willing to put up with a sour face
Way better than Joe's for the little lantern dumplings, and a wider selection of side dishes as well!
We only waited 20 minutes. Staff was friendly, food was amazing. Definitely worth the trip! We'll be back again :)
Can't believe we took the metro on our layover in NYC to get some good food!  We love good food and know NYC has them!  Given our time constraint, we decided to go into Flushing and try this restaurant. I have to say I'm a bit disappointed.  The XLBs were good but everything else was ok and disappointing including the scallion pancake with sliced beef and stir fried noodles..Cash only!
Yes, I know there's a "C" restaurant inspection in the window outside.Yes, I also know it's always incredibly crowded and the wait can be up to 30 minutes on the weekends.But, Nan Xiang Dumpling House still deserves 5 stars because how amazing the food always is. The xiaolongbao (soup dumplings)--with their delicate, thin skin and rich soup-- are probably my favorite in the entirety of NYC. You won't find shriveled, mushy xiaolongbao here ever. I'm also a huge fan of their "langbu" (cold dishes/appetizers). My favorites are the jellyfish and radish (though the jellyfish to radish ratio is a bit off), the spicy beef tendon, and the cucumbers and garlic dishes. Perfect for a semi-balanced meal considering you're about inhale a ton of meat and carbs.Also try their soup noodles if you're in the mood for something even more filing and warm--the shredded pork and salted cabbage option is #1 in my book. But the dry noodles with chili oil and beef also rocks!Just be patient and polite and the service will be great! Don't be rude. Guy code.
The food was decent. My friend and I ordered the scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, and the crispy seafood noodles. The soup dumplings were good in flavor, however the scallion pancakes were a little burnt and oily. Not much to say about the crispy seafood noodles as they were as expected. Service was not great as the waiters do not come check up on you or refill your tea unless you request for them. Not a deal breaker. If you just want soup dumplings, then get the soup dumplings.
First off, the food is so good. I require at least one trip to this place every time I'm back from college. The food is filling and good (but at times heavy). The cold dishes are good, but my favorites will always be Xiao Long Bao (steamed pork dumplings with soup) and beef wrapped in pancake. Yum! The "spicy wontons" weren't spicy in the least. The sesame sauce was sweet and nothing like the spicy wontons I had in Asia, which were really spicy. But that is the only food complaint I have. Service is spotty. There were times when the staff was very attentive and we had great service. Other times staff was careless and brusque since there was a lot of business and didn't have time to pay attention to us. I'd say DEFINITELY go for the food. Just don't expect to be treated like the only ones there. You'll definitely leave full and happy.
My family often tells me that I'm a terrible Chinese daughter.  Not because I'm disrespectful or stay out past my curfew or date non-Chinese boys but because I have a sometimes strong aversion to Chinese food.  Pick any other cuisine and I'm down for it (unless its Ethopian.  Not a huge fan of the tang).I had plenty of good food in New York but Nan Xiang Dumpling House was my favorite.  Weird right?  It's Chinese!  It's cheap, delicious, and makes me want to eat vats of everything.  It was 26 degrees one fine weekend in New York (I hear that temperature is not too uncommon) and slightly snowing.  The Boy and I wanted to eat something scrumptious and put something warm in our belly.  The last time I was in New York, I went to another xiao long bao place and was satisfied.  I wanted that experience again.We drove here, parked in the Target parking lot and then walked over (3 free hours of parking??  Seems unheard of!).  This place is unassuming and we almost walked right past it.  You walk inside and not to be totally racist, but there were a lot of Chinese people enjoying a meal in there.  Ah, it must be pretty good...or at least cheap.  And it was REALLY good.  AND IT WAS CHEAP.  We had the (excuse my ignorance) fried donut strip things with the soy milk dipping sauce.  We each had one serving but we could've easily done one to share.  I then chose xiao long bao and the beef tendon noodle soup (spicy).  The former came with soy sauce & ginger and the latter came with pickled (garlicky?) vegetables.  If I could fit more dumplings in my tummy, I would've.  If I could've eaten the vat of vegetables, I would've.  We did manage to polish off 3/4 of the vat they brought us; I'm pretty sure that's poor form.  Everything was delicious and all that food cost less than $20.  Seriously??  When the Boy asked me how much tip to give, I told him to give LOTS.  ...which was like $5.  Can't wait to come back to New York; not for the people (that's what I'm pretty sure I'm supposed to say) or the hot dogs or the pee smelling Subway but for this place instead.
I stopped into Nan Xiang Dumpling House having never had an Asian dumpling in my life. I'm glad I did. Nan Xiang Dumpling House sits amid a lot a restaurants that all look the same, a quite Yelp search steered me to Xiang.After a quick look at the menu I ordered the Pork & Crab soup dumplings and the Scallion Pancake Beef Roll. Complimentary hot tea is also served. The pancakes arrived first which honestly didn't look very interesting. One bite changed that, the seasoning and beef were excellent. Tender with a bit of tartness it was unlike anything I had eaten. Beef wrapped in some sort of scallion pastry. My only issue with the dish was the pastry that the beef was wrapped in, it was a bit thick and heavy. I would have preferred the same dish but with a thinner lighter wrapping. Still I thoroughly enjoined the dish. Next came the soup dumplings. Like the scallion beef pancakes had never had a soup dumpling. The 6 dumplings arrived in a steamer basket. A word of warning, there is extremely hot broth inside the dumpling, place a dumpling in your spoon and bit off the top or place it on its side in your spoon and bite the side, which allows to broth to run into your spoon. Place the dumpling in your plate, add a little ginger and black vinegar to the broth, amazing stuff. By now the dumpling has cooled just a bit, very good!Note: Cash Only. Inexpensive and fast service makes Nan Xiang Dumpling House a great stop for lunch.
The soup dumpling here is just ok. The dumpling skin was a little thick for me and the soup inside taste just ok, a little sour I don't know why. Scallion pancake wasn't a good choice as it had no flavor at all and no sauce to dip with it. As for me it's too thick. The good thing here was this place wasn't too crowded and me and my friend got a table quick. The service here was a 3 stars because there were only a few servers here, I didn't get my tea filled when I finished it. So there is a total 3 stars for all.
Waiting time is very long. And it has been three time that what I wanted was not ordered by the waiter. Food is good but service is really terrible.
I've been on a quest for the ideal soup dumpling, and this spot has it. Arrived around 7pm on a rainy Monday night and the restaurant was packed. We were lucky enough to get the last empty table in the place and within seconds we had hot tea in our cups and the waitress was ready to take our order. We decided to peruse the menu for a little bit before ordering. The three of us decided to order a few things to share. We ordered scallion pancakes, both types of soup dumplings, wontons in spicy sauce, and pan fried dumplings. The other person in our party ordered the noodles with scallion sauce. Everything was incredible. The scallion pancakes were very fluffy. The wontons in spicy sauce had the slightest kick with this amazing sesame taste and I'm addicted. The pan fried dumplings were awesome. And lastly, the soup dumplings. I've tried about 4 places in Flushing for these things and this place has the best around. We were served very quickly and everything came out hot, fresh, and delicious. Our total bill came to $33 for 3 people. Such a good deal.
I hate myself for always pigging out at this place. There's so many options, I can't help but to try a little of everything. Scallion pancakes with beef- amazing. Dumplings- amazing. Rice cake- amazing. You get the point. And sharing a table with strangers is a plus. You never know who you'll sit next to. Waiters could be a little more attentive. But it's hard to notice when you're two chopsticks deep in noodles.
Cash only is kind of annoying.That fact aside, I didn't think the pork soup dumplings were anything super special.  I would not go out of my way to come here (which I did, as going to Flushing is usually out of the way for most people). The staff was kind of rude as well. Just ehh for me.
When I dragged my boyfriend to Flushing for a historic homes holiday tour a few weeks ago I had to promise him I'd find soup dumplings. Yelp to the rescue! Found this gem of a place (which I later found out is the go-to soup dumpling place for most of my friends) and was not disappointed.First: oh dear lord please don't try to drive here! You will spend hours looking for parking, and the Main St. Flushing 7 stop is only a few blocks away. Wait it out on the train and save yourself the arguments.Now the good stuff: Their scallion pancake is delicious! A bit greasy, but that's fine by me. It's super crispy which is definitely better than some of the limp ones I've had in my past.We also ordered a noodle and beef dish, which was tasty but I found the sauce to be a bit thick and sweet for my taste. The boyfriend gobbled it up though.Finally, the soup dumplings (we got pork). This was my first experience with soup dumplings. Let's just say it was a struggle for me to figure out how to eat it. I think next time I need to watch a youtube video. I did however, watch a guy tackle these expertly at the table next to ours and tried to mimic him. I think I just don't have the finesse, I spilled most of my soup on the spoon and my lap. Thankfully I managed to slurp up enough to know that this place has AMAZEBALLS soup dumplings. I'm addicted and planning a reunion visit for after the holidays. Go!
Our first two dinners were great, so my wife and I returned for a third meal. Service was good but the meal was just ok. Instead of the standard, excellent soup dumings, we ordered pork and vegetable dumplings in a spicy peanut sauce. The flavor was good, but oily. The noodles with shredded beef was tasty, but actually finding beef was a challenge. I still give it 4 - stars based on the three visits. Big bonus for low prices!
Tasty dumpling house ! I ordered xiao long bao (crab + pork ). I guess the flavor is good, theres enough meat and they put shredded ginger on it. The skin is a little bit to thick and its kind of hard to eat it in one bite. Other than that, everything is good.Vegetable dumpling. Slightly bland, not so flavorful than the xiao long bao. The skin is way to thick for me. Pork dumpling in a spicy sauce. OMG. I love this. my favorite of all. They were served in a bowl and submered with very2 savory, sweet, sour and spicy sauce. The pork itself is not very porky. However, the dumpling is a little overcook for me, it just need 15 seconds less. But this dumpling is a must try!.When you first come in, they will give you hot tea, and the service is not bad.
I've always knew of this spot but the wait is always too long. Came on a rainy Saturday and there was no line, yay!Nothing compares to din tai fongs soup dumplings. But these are definitely better than joe shanghais pork dumplings (I prefer the crab dumplings there). Anyways the dumplings are just what you expect out of pork dumplings. Not too greasy and the skin is just the right thicknessScallion pancakes with beef is tasty, they also put some of that Peking duck sauce on it which makes the combination even better. Rice cakes tasted just like typical shanghainese style stir fried rice cake. Overall food is what you'd expect. I will be coming back! (If there's not a crazy long line) would love to try the breakfast foods!
This place is known for its soup dumplings and they don't disappoint. I've gone to the original in China and its comparable and you really can't find much better in NYC. The soup is delicious and the dumpling skins are not too thin or too thick. The meat is also great, but if you're really a soup dumpling fan its all about that piping hot soup! They get 4 stars instead of 5 bc aside from the soup dumplings, not many things jump off the menu. The service is also lacking, but expected at a Chinese place like this. That also goes for the interior design and ambience. Definitely don't come here expecting Michelin star quality service and a bathroom attendant.
I suppose I had set my expectations too high when I came to Nan Xiang. I've heard from multiple people that this place blew Joe's Shanghai out of the water! I live in Brooklyn and when I crave soup dumplings, I'm happy heading over to Chinatown for some. I don't mind that Joe's is crowded and touristy. Heading out to Flushing is a little bit of a hassle. If you've got a car, you have to take the BQE all the way to the end. And if you're not in a car, prepare to take the train for 1.5 hrs or more. The Chinese buses provide another option for just $4 per person each way. So when I go out of my way to Flushing, I guess I am psyching myself up for something amazing!To my delight, Nan Xiang was decidedly unpacked last weekend. It was not crowded, there were no tourists and we were seated promptly! My group ordered a round of sweet soy milk and happily guzzled it all down while we waited for our food. To judge Nan Xiang properly against Joe's, we ordered the same things we normally would. What I got was not what I had expected.Crab soup dumplings - much better as compared to Joe's! Not as fishy tasting either!Pork soup dumplings - I'm leaning in slight favor of Joe's because I think their broth is better.Scallion pancakes - Joe's scallion pancakes are 100x better than Nan Xiang. There was hardly any scallion in my pancakes at all and not flakey whatsoever.Fried beef udon - pretty much about the same everywhereSome other things we tried here that I don't normally get at Joe's were a cucumber and garlic dish that was SO GOOD and another dish that had mushrooms which was also really tasty. The service was much better than Joe's. They weren't pushy at all, or rushing us, and actually let us sit and enjoy our food! AND! My party of 9 people paid about $11 per head for dinner. Now that is a stealllll!!All in all, it was definitely worth the trip out to Flushing to try once but I don't know if I would come here again because it was sooooo far out there.  If I was craving soup dumplings on a weekend when I know Joe's would be PACKED, maybe. If I lived in Queens, probably. But I'm a Brooklyn girl!
Although this place is known for its xiaolongbao (soup dumplings), I REALLY REALLY LOVE their Shanghai pork & vegetable wonton soup. It's by far my favorite dish here.Other menu items are less stellar, but still, it's a good approximation for Shanghai brunch foods. It's definitely worth the trip into Flushing.However, I'm taking off a star because how my most recent experience went:Me: I want the fried pancakes.Server: Sorry we don't have that.Me: How about drunken chicken?Server: That's also not available.Me: Wait, what do you have then? Did we come at a bad time?Server: Sorry, the menu you're looking at is outdated. We no longer serve that.Me: Ok, how about Shanghai wonton soup? I know you must have that.Server: Actually... you'll have to wait 30 minutes for that. The guy who's in charge of making the wontons is still on his way.Me: ... We'll wait.(The restaurant opens at 8AM and we were there at 11:30AM when we were told the wonton master isn't in yet.. T_T)
I feel dirty putting this blasphemy on the record. But the best xiao long bao's I've ever had (including in my family's hometown of Shanghai) was at the Din Tai Fung in Shanghai- an upscaley Taiwanese joint in a bougie expat neighborhood. My grandparents are rolling in their graves. I'm putting that out there because I just don't think a lot of mainland Chinese establishments put the requisite amount of care and effort into their XLBs anymore (whether in China or abroad). With these low expectations of Chinese restaurants in mind, I think Nan Xiang has done a decent job with their XLBs. They're still a bit oversized ("authentic" ones in Shanghai are probably 2/3 the size), but they have a fair amount of tasty soup and the skin is nice and thin/delicate. My relatives seem to be able to taste the hint of crab in the crabmeat ones- but given that Nan Xiang puts so little crab in they crabmeat soup dumplings, I generally just opt for the pork ones. With real crabmeat soup dumplings (not here), you'll get a very nice savory crabmeat flavor. All in all though, the XLBs here are probably the best I've tasted in NY (although again, still not on the same level as Din Tai Fung).Don't fill up on just the XLBs though! There are plenty of other items here that are perhaps even more noteworthy. One of my favorites is the stir fried mustard green with pork rice cakes. Relatively light compared to the other mixed meat/seafood rice cake option- but I really love how the mustard green cuts right into the pork flavor. And who doesn't love chewy savory stir fried rice cakes?! The wontons here are also great. The wontons are nice and petite (as they should be! none of that wonton on steroids crap that a lot of Chinese restaurants are serving up. bigger is not better. at least when it comes to wontons.) and served in a savory dried seaweed egg drop soup. The pan fried buns/dumplings (sheng jian man tou) here are probably some of the better ones I've had in NY-- a good choice if you're looking for a pan fried dumpling option. The XLBs still have a leg up on their pan fried cousins though- as the pan fried option could use a bit more soup in them. The various stir fried green veggies are all nicely done- a good complement to all the meat. And finally order a few of the flakey red bean pastries to end on a sweet note. Flaky sesame tops with a very generous helping of red bean paste. Yum.Service is generally rushed (expected given the crowds), but respectful enough. Have had Shanghainese staff a couple of times, not sure who the owners are. But pretty safe to say not strictly Shanghainese anymore. CASH only.
Food just ok, but service is terrible, waitress so rube, attitude so bad, no manner at all... come here just cause of food but some waitress are bad
My roommate and I stumbled across this place yesterday and we didn't have high expectations... We actually had no expectations at all. My roommate is an international student from China & she said that the food served here is just like in her homeland and it was delicious!
best soup dumplings around .... pork and crab are my favorite !! a must try when in NY ... place is always packed with locals, staff is nice and place never disappoints
It's still an iconic soup dumpling venue. The quality has  gone down a bit. Perhaps, it's due to its significant popularity in downtown Flushing. On the plus side, the extra traffic has forced renovation and expansion.Major hits are its soup dumplings, both pork and crab. They make great scallion pancakes. The shanghai pan fried noodles are freshly made.Menu is simple and short, but they know what they are doing.
I came here a second time, and the food was much better this time. HOWEVER, the amount of time I had to wait was ridiculous. I ordered fried dumplings and a beef scallion pancake, and my friends not only got their orders, but finished eating before my food came.The fried dumplings were good, but made me regret not getting steamed. The beef scallion pancake, which I had to wait another 15 minutes for after getting my fried dumplings very late, was a huge disappointment. The beef tasted dry and old, and the pancake part was mediocre.I would come here again, but won't order fried dumplings anymore, and order the regular beefless scallion pancake next time.
One of the BEST siew lung baos in new york! I love their crab and pork one and  its got so much soup in them! i came here yesterday and ordered 3 orders i think i ate two orders myself :D LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! alot of people like the cold appetizer ...the spicy beef with tripe... i think its pretty good since i cant really eat spicy, definitely give this place a try!
The food is great and their Xiao Long Bao is the best I've ever had. Waiters hardly notice you, You have to call out to them every time but that's fine. Food is REALLY cheap and that's great because I'm usually on a budget. It's a really popular restaurant so food sometimes takes a while to come out- at least the waiters give you a heads up about that before you order.
Their soup dumplings are no joke.  I think one of the reviewers mentioned theirs a lot of soup in each dumpling and she wasn't lying.  After 3 slurps, I thought the soup was all consumed but then I bit into the dumpling and there was some more.  The dough has the right amount of thickness with the perfect al dente consistency.  Furthermore, I thought the meat had a cleaner less greasier taste than Joe's Shanghai.  I really loved their dumplings.Also, ate the shredded chicken rice cakes which were delicious!  So good.  The only dud was the dumplings with sticky rice inside.  I thought it was too doughy with the dumpling case along with the rice.  Last but not least, service was quick and food was really cheap.  Waiting to go again before I move to Chicago.  If anything, the Asian food will be some things I'll truly miss about living in New York.
Came looking for some good xiao long bao and Nan Xiang Dumpling House provided exactly that. Soup had a nice flavor, pork was juicy, and dumpling skins had a perfect consistency where it was neither too thick or thin.
Oh no! The oil has changed! There is now too much salt in the food. I can't believe it, but the best soup dumplings in Flushing has lost its crown. I will now look for a new place. I agree with Tony C., the quality of everything here has gone down. Go to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao instead!
This place has the best xiao long bao's in New York in my opinion. The bao's comes out nice and hot. The soup and meat aren't cold like Joe Shanghai's and they don't load up their menu with MSG. I also believe this place makes better xiao long bao's then Din Tai Fung. Many people tend to love Din Tai Fung because of it's fame but in reality, their xiao long bao's  are small and overpriced. I went to the original Din Tai Fung restaurant in Taipei, Taiwan and it was terrible. Are they clean? Yes, but everything else is horrendous. The Din Tai Fung in Taiwan mostly markets to Mainland China, Japanese, Korean, and just about every tourist imaginable.As for Nan Xiang Dumpling House, they're on the right track. The quality of their food is great and the owner definitely has a passion in the restaurant business. They expanded their restaurant twice. It use to be a tiny hole in the wall, now they've expanded to the store to their left and right. The soup dumplings comes out piping hot so be careful when you bite into it. The steam and soup can certainly burn and leave a mark in your mouth. What's great abut Nan Xiang's, they also make a variety of other good foods. Their scallion pancakes, fried pork chops, and even dry noodles and noodle soups are quite satisfying. If you do order their dry noodles and prefer less saltiness, don't hesitate to request for less sauce. The sauce could be a little heavy and salty at times.Verdict - I've been coming to Nan Xiang's since the day they opened and so far, they have never disappointed me. The only thing I highly suggest doing is to go early because they can get very busy during lunch hours.
This is dumpling is not nan xiang dumpling! The taste is so different! The real nan xiang dumpling taste way more better! If you come from shanghai, you will now feel so disappoint !! Fake nan xiang dumpling!!!
Good food for a great price. I live in a different part of Queens making travel time about 30 minutes to get to Flushing. Worth the trip every time.Beef Scallion Pancake is greasy with great flavor. If you don't mind the grease, you'll like it.Spicy Beef Noodle Soup is awesome. It's a huge bowl that I really didn't want to share with my fiancee. My face was in that bowl. Of course, soup dumplings. Probably one of the best I've had in the city. Bring cash and this place tends to get slammed during peak hours. When that happens, I just order to go.
Came in with my fiance after a Mets game. It was a little crowded but we were able to be seated pretty quickly. We tried some of the different types of dumplings and a sort of ramen dish, i dont remember the names. Everything was pretty good but I wasn't necessarily wowed with everything. I thought it was good but I would probably try our another new place than gp back again. Cash only.
NEVER TOO GREASY ALWAYS NICE AND EASY!! It was a lot of fun to eat and if you don't go during their really busy hours, they really do accommodate to what you need. It's pretty busy most of the time, but they cater and remember you. I was going to grab take out for three of their small dishes; love their char siu so much... staple to go item is a char siu bao. I was with a friend on a very hot day and they were very nice about me staying inside. My friend ordered something else too. Very good overall! The receipt always comes low at this place, and you leave very full. Got dumplings in peanut sauce, and the egg and chive bao; also good ayy.
Has anyone noticed a change here? 1. The MSG Level are OFF the CHARTS! Mind you, I understand the use of MSG at restaurants but we were thirsty before we even left the restaurant!.. and then throughout the rest of the day!2. The Soup Dumpling skins... something's different. It's thicker than it used to be3. This may have to do with #2, do the Soup Dumplings looks bigger? They used to fit in my spoon and now its spilling over. Can someone verify what's happened here?
above average food but poor service.I ordered fried bun with chives & egg and waited for almost half an hour. When I asked them they told me they were sold out.
Their scallion pancakes with beef are probably the best I've ever had. Also the pork buns are a must.
First and foremost - When you sit down, especially on a busy day, I advise you to order your soup dumplings right away. It may take awhile for them to get it to you. If you have a party of 6 or more during rush hours, good luck waiting. You'll be salivating for the next hour. Go grab this man a bib.I usually order the regular pork dumplings which is amazingly good. If you are a newbie, which is perfectly fine, you must eat the soup dumplings the right way. I'm sure there is a tutorial on YouTube already on it. I've seen a few good soup dumplings exploded all over the table. Once again, go grab this man a bib.If you come here early morning, get some sweet soy milk with crispy dough. They are both synergistic with one another. Kind of like the Asian version of Oreo and milk. I hope that's a good analogy. Maybe?Another recommendation is scallion pancake with sliced beef. Even though it's listed as for breakfast, you should get it anytime of the day. It has a nice hoisin-like sauce that is slabbed inside. Sometimes I also go for the pork & salted cabbage noodle soup, shanghai pan fried udon, or the rice cake with shredded pork as my entree. LAST, check how many women are there in that little partition where they make the dumplings. It's amazing! On a busy day, there's like 6 of them. I see at least 1 of them can't do anything because she can barely move her arms.
Walked by this place frequently, but never gone in to try it. Went in one Friday night around 6:30 and there was no line yet. But by the time we were seated there was a wait forming. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef, steamed vegetable dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and the beef noodle soup (spicy). This was more than enough for 2 people even though portion sizes were more appetizer-like. The soup was a good portion, however. My favorite of the items ordered was the scallion pancakes. The sauce that comes on it is sweet and completes the whole dish. The food came out quickly as well which was great since we were starving.Everything on the menu is delicious and you probably can't go wrong. The prices are great as well and well worth the meal. Will definitely come back soon.
This is where you find the ILL xiao long bao. There is really nothing better than soup dumplings. For gods' sakes, they've combined SOUP and DUMPLINGS. Automatically a win. And these are the best I've ever had. At Nan Xiang, the skin is delicate. You must gingerly place each dumpling in its corresponding spoon, lest you prematurely pierce the wrapper and waste even a drop of the luscious liquid inside. Once bitten, the steam spills out of the dumpling, and you'll find yourself hard-pressed to wait long enough to avoid burning your tongue on the incomparable, unctuous broth.After you've slurped out the scalding soup, that last bite...consisting of pork filling and wrapper still saturated in the remaining juice and just a bit of vinegar sauce you scooped inside for punch... That is the bite that dreams are made of. That is a bite worth fighting for. Hell, that is a bite worth braving the 7 Train for. A bite that beats all other bites. And shockingly enough, the service is almost pleasant and the restaurant is almost clean. If Flushing was closer, I'd eat here weekly. At a minimum.
Super yummy. Waited less than 5 minutes for a table for 3 on a Thursday afternoon. Server was so unfriendly as to be comical (no drink refills or replenished napkins) but we LOVED the food. Best thing was the scallion pancakes with beef. Xlb was delightful as were the udon noodles but we could have lived without the garlic cucumbers. Glad to have made the trip.
The Chinese server we had today had such bad attitude while serving the table. We understood that some dishes were sold out. However she didn't feel sorry for this at all. As a customer, I don't need my server to be offensive to me or my guests who were with me at that moment. My rationale of not giving tips makes sense to me and my guests, but the waitress didn't understand. She chased me down to the entrance and kept saying, "tips should be given separately". Of course, she's right. But she didn't deserve it! I strongly suggest people not go there unless service is not a big deal or you would pay for what you got.
I FINALLY MADE IT HERE! When I say I've been dreaming of soup dumplings for the past few weeks (especially in this crap freezing weather), I've been dreaming of dumplings. (That should be the name of a TV show or something..) ANYWAY! Totally. worth. the. hype! Best soup dumplings I've ever had in NYC.Came with 2 other friends and zero wait for a table (possibly due to said freezing weather) and we had the scallion pancake (A+), Shanghai Udon Noodles (A++) and finally 2 orders of Pork XLB (A++++++++)! We could've eaten another 2 orders but decided to stop and head over to New World Mall's Food Court to keep our gastronomic adventures going :) Will definitely be back!
By far the best place to get xiao long bao in the entire city! Nice atmosphere. Great place to go with a group of friends or on a date. If you're willing to go out to flushing, definitely come here!
My small group came here and re-defined the word brunch to mean "two meals: breakfast, followed immediately by lunch."  I don't have the mental wherewithal to condense my experience here into anything resembling a review, but I can just list what we had, so, here you go:Breakfast:- Salted soy milk.  - Crispy dough.  The former is a bowl of warm soy milk broth with some crispy dough soaking in it.  The latter is basically a big cruller, but not sweet.  You wouldn't eat the crispy dough by itself, it's too plain, but together with the soy milk it was all delicious.Lunch -- appetizers / sides:- Spicy bamboo shoots- Fried bean gluten- Cucumber and garlic- Soy peas (edamame), cabbage, & shredded bean curdAll of these were lovely, and also all were utterly skippable, because they took up space in our stomachs that could've been filled by dumplings.  Which brings me to:Lunch -- entree-ish stuff: - Soup dumplings, aka, The Reason You Are Here.  I have no points of comparison (I've only been to the Joe's Shanghai in Midtown, and only once at that), so I can't speak to whether these soup dumplings really are the best, or merely the second best, or whether their skins are thinner or thicker or just like they make them in Shanghai or whatever.  All I know is these dumplings were delicious, and you should have many of them.  You're in a Chinatown, but it's the perfect time to act like an American and stuff your face. - Pan-fried pork buns.  Delicious!  I liked these as much as the soup dumplings.- Beef-scallion pancake.  Doughy and sweet, I liked this but it was a bit heavy compared to the other food we had.  Be careful not to eat too much of this, lest you fill up and leave yourself no room for dumplings.- Spicy pepper beef noodle soup.  A bit disappointing, mostly because wasn't spicy at all.  The noodles reminded me of ramen, but when I mentioned this to one of my tablemates, I got a look of pity and derision, like I couldn't tell my noodles from the pot in which they were cooked.- Pan-fried beef noodles.  Tasty.  Crispy on the bottom.  But why get this when you can get more dumplings?Lunch -- dessert:- Sweet bean curd.  Your typical slippery gooey soft tofu, lightly sweet. I believe the specific question I asked my friends was, "Why is this is my mouth?"  - Red bean puffs.  Delicious!  Small, flaky, sweet, served hot.Miscellany:- Service is good but perfunctory.  We had to keep flagging the staff down for tea refills, and one thing we ordered never came but was charged for.  - We arrived a little before 11am on a Sunday and it was getting filled up.  We got a spot right away but within ~15 minutes, there was a wait at the door.  It's a popular spot.- Cash only.
Wow! sooo juicy!!! Each plump dumpling is filled w/ soup! I ordered the juicy pork dumplings and the crab and pork dumplings. Personally i think the crab and pork dumplings taste better than the regular ones. also had their sticky rice -- thought it was just average. Just come here for the dumplings. It's GOOD!
My go to place for steamed juicy buns. The service isn't always great but the food is dependably good.
When we arrived there was about 10 people waiting outside....Food must be good automatically clicks in. It takes about 20 min to get inside not bad for a Sunday. The good thing was driving from Long Island and there is public parking lot across the street and a garage next door by the KTV club & its only $3 an hour.We had 1.Steamed Vegetable Dumplings.2.Shanghai Shao Mai 3.Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don 4.Scallion Pancake with sliced beef5. Fried Bun with chives & eggAnd of-course free green tea and sweet soybean milk. NY melting pot at its best...give it a kicking try.
I enjoyed this place! Its cheap and tasty! You and a friend can get two orders of dumpling and be stuffed for under 12 bucks. Seating is quick. The service depends on the flow of people that day. But from what I saw they are used to the rush and handle it well. I was thankful to find this gem on a low budget day lol.
My go to soup dumpling spot in Queens. Cheap and open late, although parking is always a headache in Flushing, this place is worth trying. Order the soup dumplings (pork or crab) first as it takes awhile since they are handmade per order. The skin of the soup dumpling is just right, not too thick but thin enough to hold the meat/soup. The juice that oozes out of the meat once the soup dumplings are steamed is the soup aka fatty goodness. How to eat a soup dumpling - poke a hole at the top of the soup dumpling and pour the soup that's in the dumpling into the big spoon provided. That way you can sip all the soup (aka meat fat) and eat your dumpling on the side. Otherwise when you bite into the soup dumpling, the soup tends to spill all over the plate and you're left with just meat and skin. What's the point of eating soup dumplings if you aren't gonna enjoy the soup?? Might as well go eat regular dumplings then.
l think it's best to tell you all now, this was my first time trying Dim Sum... It was amazing! I had to drive all the way out here to find the Lego City starter set for my God son and so I decided to try out the soup dumplings that everyone was talking about.I ordered dumplings and a sweet soy milk. OMG, it was so good. At first bite I wasn't sure what I was doing and then it happened, the savory goodness came pouring out and it was blissful. The dumplings were so flavorful and the milk was the best.I will definitely come back and try out the other menu items.Fyi: The "soup dumplings" are under Dim Sum on the menu (I asked a nice couple sitting next to me, they were clearly regulars)
Really good, best soup dumplings I've ever had. Flushing has great food, better than Chinatown if you ask me. This place is really good and authentic and open late too.
the go to place in flushing for xlb. whenever i crave xlb, i come to this joint. what they lack in diversity or originality, they make up for in qualitythe staples for me here are the regular xlb, the scallion pancakes and beef tripe. the regular xlb are fresh; they manage to make the broth tasteful but not heavy or overdose on the fat while making the gelatin.the scallion pancakes with the beef is really crispy and light, and goes really well with the hoison sauce that accompanies the beef.and if you want a little kick to your meal, definitely go for the beef tripe, which is a cold dish. it can counteract the steaminess of the xlbs :)
They have ground cassava leaves which is very typical for Madagascar cuisine so we love shopping there. We always get a free pack of eggs everytime we go. They have a parking lot which is very practical.
good food, quick service, medium size menu with good number of choices. soup dumplings are the star and definitely worth trying but I recommend exploring the full menu as well. always busy so expect a wait, but turnover is fast. cash only.update: service has declined significantly.
Great spot for soup dumplings. Also the garlic cucumber is tasty.
When you get soup dumplings in Flushing, you usually think of 2 places: Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai.  These titans command the crowds of both locals and tourists throughout the year.  I feel like Nan Xiang is where locals started going to after Joe's became too popular, crowded, and expensive.  Nan Xiang certainly doesn't have a wall of celebrity photos nor the faux-Asian decor that Joe's has.  However, Nan Xiang is creeping up in popularity as well - what started as a single small room has since expanded into 3 interconnected dining rooms. Furthermore, while food quality is comparable to Joe's, the service here lags significantly.  I think some of the best dishes to get here are the scallion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, and the chicken rice cakes.  If it's your first time here I would recommend getting the crab and pork soup dumplings, but they really don't add enough crab meat to justify the higher price.  Overall, the dumplings come in 6, large portions and are quite filling. The broth is creamy and usually piping hot.  2 orders of dumplings and an app are usually enough for 2 people.  I would add a cold soy bean drink to top it all off!
Most people refer to this place as the red awning which serves soup dumplings.  In my opinion their soup dumplings are better than Joe Shanghai and their scallion pancake with beef slices are amazing as well.  When friends come to visit Flushing for the first time, I usually bring them here to pop their cherry.
Cash Only, typical flushing service but you come here for the food, not necessarily to be pampered. If you are new to Shanghainese food, here are a few options that I definitely recommend: Beef Scallion Pancake, Steamed pork soup dumplings, fried bean gluten. The soup dumplings come 6 at a time; nibble a hole, drink the soup, and eat the whole thing. The scallion pancake is amazing and comes in 3 pieces. The fried bean gluten may not seem appetizing but trust me; its addicting. Love this place, reminds me of Shanghai.
Their soup dumplings are always fresh and delicious! My friend and I came here for lunch and we were seated immediately at a table. It's definitely a popular spot for asians and non-asians alike since it's known for their authentic soup dumplings. In addition to ordering their soup dumplings, we also got a side of crispy scallion pancake, sweet soy milk and 2 cruellers. The prices are pretty decent for the amount they give as well as the quality.      The soup dumplings were just as good as Joe's Shanghai and the look of them were more neat. There's a soup dumpling place downstairs of the New World Mall that I think tastes the same but it's just a different environment.      My favorite was dipping the crueller into the sweet soy milk and eating it like that. We couldn't finish the scallion pancake so we took it to go. I would definitely come back just for the sweet homemade soy milk, reminded me of my childhood.
Spicy bamboo shoots and garlic cucumber  are good for starters. Crab & pork dumplings. No credit cards.
The xialongbao ("soupy pork dumplings") are consistently good as I believe (and hope) they are freshly made when you order. But other than that, nothing else is worth writing home about. I have had their stir-fry dishes like chowfun and chowmien ("stir-fry thick rice noodle" and "stir-fry egg noodle"). My experience is that there's more MSG and soy/oyster sauce than necessary. This place is always packed, so if you are impatient, go for brunch around 10:30 am. They also have tradition Chinese breakfast items like soy milk and tofu custard, both of which I recommend.
xiao long bao is a must-try. it took me an hour from manhattan to get to this place and it was worthwhile!
There is a reason why this place is infamous for their xlb. There's always a short wait, but it's worth it. It's so so good, and the scallion pancake can't be missed. I always need to order more than 1 order of xlb it's that good!
Solid Chinese food for a quick snack or filling meal. My personal favorites are the scallion noodles and red bean pancakes. Generally underrated here and overshadowed by the soup dumplings, the scallion noodles are close in kin to the scallion pancakes! However, beware - these deliciously oily noodles are not meant for the faint of heart. The red bean pancakes are also a great sweet treat on a cold day, but they don't always have it so be sure to ask!
Been here a couple times with friends.  This place is always compared to joes Shanghai in terms of their soup dumplings and to me both places are equally good.  The main difference is the rest of the menu.  I find joes Shanghai has a more extensive menu but this is good.  The other thing that i love here is the scallion pancake with beef, it is out of this world.  So make sure you get that.  But if you are coming for the soup dumplings this place is the place to go.
I wish we had more time and a bigger appetite to try more items from the menu. However, it was all about the dumplings the morning we visited Nan Xiang. We ordered the Pork and Veg Wontons in Spicy Sauce - these were hearty and delicious in a slightly peanut butter flavored sauce with enough heat for a slow burn that creeps up on you. We also ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings and Crab Pork Soup Dumplings. My husband claims these were the best XLB he's ever tasted - I do agree the flavor of the broth was rich and yummy, but the skin is a little thicker than I prefer, making them more filling. Of course, the upside to that is there being less risk of breaking the skin. Regardless, we will definitely return next time we are in Flushing!
Ehhhhh I don't see the hype about this place. The prices are dirt cheap but you get what you pay for. I ordered the pan fried noodles, and XLB. Everything was on the greasy side, I know Chinese food is greasy but this was like drenched with grease!
Ordered the pork buns, pork and crab meat buns, the pan fried dumplings and shui mai.OMG DELICIOUSSSSSS.Shui mai was probably the least good and it was still authentic and wonderful.Dumplings are nice and juicy.The buns though. They are the showstopper.Amazing and delicious, its like biting into hot happiness.This place is cheap as well, which is only an added bonusDefinitely recommend this place.
BEST SOUP DUMPLING SPOT IN NY. Sorry joe shanghai, shanghai cafe, & dumpling house.  Remember though, nothing fancy... its flushing. Get the pork buns, scallion pancake & noodles with scallion sauce. You won't regret it.Opens early (8am) & closes late (great for post drunk meals). Cash only. Thankfully, they opened up a second room for more seating because it gets super packed on the weekends.
I have made many trips to Flushing from Manhattan just to eat at this restaurant, and it has never disappointed me. Warning: Everything here is quite oily and heavy - even the deceptively 'lighter' noodle options. The xiao long bao here is pretty good. The flavors, meat, and soupiness of the XLB are quite similar to the XLB I eat back in Taiwan. I personally like the soy milk and scallion oil noodles here, but maybe it's because I'm perfectly fine with how oily the noodles are.Service is what you'd expect at a busy noodle/dumpling spot, and of course it's cash only.
I think their Michelin review has given this place too many fans and out-of-town tourists.  Well... I am an of town tourist.  I don't see this place as any more special than some of the other great dumpling places on the West Coast.Don't get me wrong.  I loved the food here.  The skin on the dumplings were thin.  The soup inside was hot.  All good things you expect from these types of dumplings.  There are not a lot of tables so if you have a big group expect to wait.  I was alone so I had a shared table.  The diner across from me had some noodles and spicy cold dishes that looked really good.If I lived in Flushing, this would probably be one of my regular dining hangouts.
This place can do no wrong. It is amazing. Get the soup dumplings, and spicy noodles. You will not be disappointed. It is such a hole-in-the-wall type of place, but the service is good and fast.Get some dumplings to go - they're still good the next day!
Although the waiters/waitresses are not as attentive and we had to go up a few times to get some bowls or ask for someone the food makes up for it. Best soup dumplings I've ever had! Even better than Joes shanghai (one in Chinatown)!The beef tripe appetizer dish is always amazing and everyone should try it.
One word: YUM! The food here is the real deal. The soup dumplings (pork or crabmeat) are a must. Once you get the hang of how to eat them properly, they're very enjoyable. We kept wanting more and more. Also, try the rice cake dishes. I've had pork and the chicken rice cakes, I think the pork one was slightly better, but both were delicious.Let's talk about the scallion pancakes. Greasy deliciousness! It was so good, even when we were stuffed, we kept eating these pancakes. We've also tried the fried dough. I'm personally not used to eating plain fried dough with no topping, it was still good. One thing straight - the service here is terrible. The waitresses are very rushed. They throw your food on your table. If you're with a large group, they reach over your table so much that, if their hair was down, it would be in your tea. They don't come around to refill your water or tea unless asked. They're impossible to track down because they're running all over the place. However, they're forgiven because the food here is that good. The prices can't be beat - SO CHEAP. We had a group of 6 hungry people... we all ate a ton of food and had food left over to take home... all for $67. Don't come here around lunch (12-3) on a weekend. It will be PACKED. Also, cash only and street parking is really hard to find. We paid $8 to park in the garage a few doors down.
5 star for food without considering the service.  The Shanghai dumplings have nice juicy fillings with plenty of soup.  Scallion pancake is crispy with plenty layers and flavor. Rice cake dish is peppery but good pickled greens and julienned pork slices.
Pork fried dumpling was good. Dumpling was just a little larger than I prefer.Soup dumplings were good, but I know a better tasting dumpling in Chinatown in Manhattan. They needed twenty minutes to prepare my dumplings and they do not accept credit cards.
When my wife and I go to Flushing this is one of our go to places.  They serve authentic Shanghai style food.  The food is not too salty or to greasy like other places can be.  The noodles are great.  The xiaolong bao are great.  My favorite thing on the menu is the beef roll. We have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The food is always great.  Highly recommended.
The soup dumpplings here are actually really good compared to the ones at Joe's Shanghai. I asked my brother's friend if it was as good as this place in Boston. He said it was better to which I opened up y stomach to a hellsing of these rapidly aggregating flavors. I am a Han Hyo Joo fan. So, Han Hyo Joo fans, come and eat here for some of the most delicious dumplings of your lives.
I really want to give this place a 3.5, but I'll round up. First off, this place is not a great place to bring a group. I came with 5 friends and we were lucky to get a table together. The food here is delicious. Their soup dumplings are on point. They also had these steamed pork juice buns that were also amazing. I really loved it. The service here was so so. I guess I could have expected that at a Chinese restaurant in Flushing though. They never came to refill our tea or waters, and seemed pretty miffed whenever we asked them to refill it for us. They also gave us the bill for the table next to us, and we were all pretty confused about that. Nor were they able to keep track of how many orders of soup dumplings we ordered (11, so I guess that's a high number, but still it's not our job to keep track for them). Another issue I have here is that many people think that the dumplings are cheaper here than other places, but really the orders are smaller than other places as well. They only give 6 dumplings per order compared to other places like Joe Shanghai's who give 8. I also don't think that these dumplings are so much better than Joe Shanghai's. I think they are very much on the same level. Matter of opinion though. All in all, the food is good, the service is bad but it's a trade off. My group ended up spending about $20/person, but we love to pig out when it comes to soup dumplings. If we ordered individual dishes, it probably would have came out to much less.
2 orders Pork Nan Xiang Long Bao, Beef pan fried noodles and Scallion pancakesThat's all I need. That's all I want. Best soup dumplings this side of the world. The dumpling skin are thin yet strong enough to hold the filling and hot soup inside. Once you taste the soup, you will definitely get addicted. I used to come to this place at least twice a week for almost six months until I realized how much I gained from eating all those dumplings. Now I limit myself to once or twice a month.I recommend this place if you are sick of ordering General Tso's chicken from your takeout place but still want Chinese food. Or even if you aren't sick of General Tso's chicken and just want some good food.
Two stars, two words: MSG poisoning. We ordered the beef scallion pancake, soy bean tofu salad, and one each of the pork and crab xiao long bao. The pancake was delicious and crispy. The xiao long bao were average, hot at least, tasted as expected but nothing mind blowing. Salad was fine.But the real adventure began about 15 minutes after we left. Stomach aches, racing pulses and mild panic ensued as we frantically googled what might be happening...and the first result was "msg reaction." Since physical illness is probably not a fair trade for average to good food, we probably won't be back.
I used to love this place.  Especially back in April when I last visited here (I don't reside in NY because I moved).  Back then, the service was friendly and attentive and the food was hot and fresh.Tonight I was disgusted and embarrassed with the place.  I had brought a friend, mom and sister out to eat to my once favorite establishment.  Here is what went wrong:- After ten mins of sitting down, we were ready to order.  No one checked on us, so my mom tried calling over a waiter multiple of times, but he was too busy.  Then when the waiter saw my mom asking for him, he walked past her!  And oh boy, was she frustrated!   - When we finally ordered, all three of us gave the menu to the waiter, but the fourth person who was my friend didn't even order and he walked away from her with the menu still in her hands!  The hell?!  Then we waved down another waiter, so she can order her food.- When the food came, the Shanghai fried noodles were still hard and there were no sauces for the dumplings.  We had to ask for the ginger sauce and prep it ourselves.- The service was just horrendous and it was so disrespectful that they would do that to my family and friend.  - I will never return to this restaurant.  I hate it.  What did we do to get disrespected like that?  Earlier today, this was my favorite establishment.  I came home to NYC recently and I couldn't wait to be back here eating their delicious food that I once dreamed of and after tonight, this establishment turned into a nightmare.  - I hope the staff reads my review and I hope they change their attitude for the better and put more love into the food.  - Either way, I wish everyone a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year!
I will provide an update once I go again. This review is based on my previous experiences. I still remember the first time I dined here, the quality was unmatched at the time. Since the first time I went, I think they have expanded the restaurant to accommodate their continuing success. I think Joe's Shanghai was really popular and got a lot of attention from the press/media at the time and got too lax/complacent and that led to their plummeting quality. I feel like Nan Xiang Dumping House is in danger of going through the same thing if they're not careful.Food: The Crab Soup dumpling is the way to go. The pork is good too but you just have to go with the crab (My preference). My advice, as soon as you are seated (Even before requesting water or tea), just order 1 Pork and 1 Crab Soup Dumpling (For those that haven't tried it yet) right away to save yourself a little wait time. It usually takes anywhere from 15 to 25 minutes depending on how busy they are. To my knowledge it is always freshly made. It is highly recommended to eat the soup dumplings while it is hot. You can let it rest and cool off till you can tolerate the temperature but be careful not to let it cool down too much or else the skin becomes really tough. You can decide the other appetizers and entrees later because those takes considerably less time to prepare/cook.The appetizers I've had in the past was the scallion pancake with beef, , spicy bamboo shoots, cucumber salad dish, and my favorite Spicy Beef & Tripe (Must try even for people who don't do well with spicy).Obviously everyone comes here to try their soup dumplings, but they have a variety of other cuisine to try. I've had their Rice cake with shredded pork in the past. I tried the pan fried seafood noodles and stacks up pretty well to other restaurants that are well known for them. I often see people try their noodle soup dish, so one visit, I tried it and it is very flavorful (a bit on the saltier side for my taste). You can also try their soy milk drink (Never tried it, but I see a lot of people drink it so it must be good). Final thoughts: Writing about this brought a lot of nostalgia back and I will definitely visit soon. I pray that they don't suffer the same fate as Joe's Shanghai and got complacent and cocky now that they've tasted success.
Delicious, authentic food on the cheap. Doesn't get any better than this.
Nan Xiang was fine. I actually think I might like Joe's Shanghai better, but I was sick so my taste buds might have been off when I came here. I literally was nauseous and once I sat, I drank so much tea and was very faint that everything just tasted sort of bland to me. The soup in the dumplings were good though, I could definitely taste that, but the meat didn't seem to have any flavor. I think the beef scallion pancake was good too, but it was a blur to me and I only took a few bites. Must go again to do a better review, but for now, 4 stars.
Im going to give this place (3) stars. The soup dumplings were good but I've had better, the shanghai pad fried udon was a little salty and needed some more seafood. The pork chop noodle soup was bland, the pork chop itself was very oily. Also the waiter forgot to bring one of the items I ordered. But did not forget to try and charge me for it..... Smh. I would give this restaurant another try but not anytime soon.
Super tasty, but a bit lacking in presentation. However, you do get what you pay for in this world. It's cheap eats. Pancakes were my favorite item on the menu...and we ate a lot!!!
Nan Xiang sets the standard for all New York City soup dumplings. I waltzed in here starving after a Yelp event at Queens Theater, SO in tow. She is not as passionate about dumplings as I am (and is more fit for it), but she humored me and was rewarded for her efforts.The "steamed buns" aka soup dumplings (regardless of which xiao long bao you get) are outstanding, with generously apportioned filling, great texture, and a hot, fatty, oily broth that will take you to starch heaven. The pan-fried dumplings were also top notch, and the scallion pancake with beef was decadent, as would be expected.Service was fine but we were there relatively late (10 pm), so maybe it falters during rush-hours. If you're a dumpling man or woman, you must come here at least once. Period.
We love this place. The food is always great. We get the soup dumplings (duh) and rice cakes. We also enjoy the scallion pancakes, bean curd and the tripe. If it was just the food I would give it 5 stars but the service isn't the best. Definitely come try it out.
This place is a "must" if anyone is ever interested in cheap yet delicious Chinese food.  This small restaurant is constantly filled with people ready to dive in to authentic "Xiao Long Bao" and their other signature dishes like scallion pancakes with beef, beef noodles, drunk chicken and much more.  Normally, many people wouldn't associate Chinese food as "comfort food." However, this place will definitely shed a new light on this misconception.  One flaw would be that the service is just average and if you go during a crowded time, you may have to wait anywhere from 15-30 minutes.
Words cannot simply define how fine this cuisine is. For every dumpling I had explode in my mouth, it impacted me with flavors I could never expect or even imagine, especially before from the land of Amish and corn; also known as Ohio. As I've had good food in Ohio, the quality of what this place had is on a tier that I could never imagine most places in the world having. For anyone reading this, I truly reccomend giving this place a try. Adding on, I also had the beef scallion pancake and LET ME TELL YOU, that....Divine creation was like biting into the soul of food itself. How powerful that flavor was, was beyond any expectation or any words I could use to describe how amazing these were to have with the dumplings. I highly thank the amazing staff and I can't wait to come back! This is truly one of my favorite places in the USA to dine at, and yes, I mean ALL of the USA. I've had many foods yet have only got to review so much, but I can truly say I'm thankful for getting to write this review. See this place again soon I hope!
This place is legit.Yes, the soup dumplings are amazing, the soup is rich with loads of ginger, which I love.  These are probably the soupiest dumplings I've had so far.  The skins are a little thicker, but how else are they going to get all that soup to stay inside?  I went for the soup dumplings but I'm probably going to dream about those crispy noodles... those greasy fried brown gravy doused noodles were AMAZING. I liked it because the sauce was rich and flavorful without being excessively salty.  I thought to myself, wow, what is that richness in the sauce, and then realized this mysterious flavor could be attributed to the pools of oil that formed at the bottom of the dish.  Meh.  don't eat it everyday or you'll be another number for the obesity stat in the US but have it sometimes...  and dreaming is calorie free.. right?
To describe Xiang Xiao Long Bao to a newbie, my son said they are little balls of heaven.  Near paper thin steamed dumplings, stuffed with pork or seafood and a broth that is one of the most amazing things you will ever eat.  The art of consuming these "little balls of heaven" is printed on the walls.  It can be dangerous, the broth is super hot.  Our method is to very gently pick one out of the bamboo steamer, place it on a spoon, carefully nibble a corner of the dumpling.  Add a little chili paste. Slurp the broth and finally eat the dumpling.  HEAVENNans is the best place to get Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing.  Joes makes great ones, but Nans are the best.They do have other items on the menu, but other than a real good scallion pancake and a rice cake and pork dish that is incredible, we have never tried anything else.  There is no reason to.  If we want Xiang Xiao Long Bao, this is always are first choice.  It is always busy, but they keep expanding the place so the wait doesn't ever seem that long.  Trust me on this one folks.  It is worth the wait.
The little crab dumplings/ buns were excellentThe pork dumpling were pretty good but not hot enoughYear cake was decent Beef noodle soup was disappointing and not hot c'mon this is a Chinese establishment !! food has to be piping hot or we all know it's not fresh !!
I love this place! Tried Joe's but it just can't hold up to the soup dumplings from here. The wait for the dumplings can get pretty long and it's cash only, but well worth the wait!
I love the food here. I usually get the soup dumplings and the shanghai panfried udon. However, those are the only good quality about this place. 5/5 for foodFor service, it's absolutely horrendous. As I'm writing this there are 3 waiters standing and socializing with each other. Although there are a ton of empty tables when we walked in, it literally took 5-7 minutes for us to get seated (party of 2). There's a lady that sits in the front that does almost nothing. Usually she's talking on the phone or playing with the cash register. Every time I go here, even if they have nothing else to do, the waiters will not fill up your tea or come to you unless you call them over. Even then they will pretend to not notice you sometimes. They've made direct eye contact with me and still proceeded to ignore me. For 3 of my visits, they forgot some part of my order... And I only ordered a total of 3 dishes.... 1/5 for serviceThat being said, I come here at least 3 times a month for dinner. This has been the case for the last 2 years. Literally each visit, the service has been consistently shitty.  Definitely come here for the food but make sure to have good company or something to do because you'll spend most of your time waiting.
The food was delicious, but the wait is very long and the wait staff was not very polite to me. The table next to me came in 10 minutes after me, but they got their food long before me (the same items) and the staff acted annoyed that I asked. But if you want delicious authentic food (their soup dumplings are amazing) and you don't mind a wait, then check it out.
Known for the delicious xiao long baos, both by the locals and the tourists, Chinese and non-Chinese, I come here just for that. Literally. My bf and I get 4 orders of the pork XLBs. And that's it. I've tried the usual side dishes (scallion pancakes, stir fry Shanghai noodles, Shanghai noodles with pork chop, bean curd/tofu "cow-fu", and cold fish). It's average and definitely not as good as Joe Shanghai's dishes. Plus the headache of parking near there (unless Skyviewing it up- 3 hours for free parking at Sky View), and the long wait.. Just doesn't make it worth going for. The XLB is probably the best in Flushing but the others at Joe Shanghai or Shanghai Cuisine 33 aren't much far behind. Additionally, I don't find getting the crab XLB worth the upcharge. Service is also not great.Get in. XLB it up. Get out.
Not impressed. Xlb dumplings were just ok, had some stir-fried rice cakes, uninspiring and lacking flavor. Also had the scallion pancakes with beef, was pretty good. The best part of the meal was the garlic cucumber. If you come here its a must try. Very simple but delicious.
Seriously, if you find better dumplings than at Nan Xiang Dumpling House anywhere on Earth, I will give you $1.The food here is so delicious and so plentiful that you might be beside yourself while you're eating and then find yourself mourning a little when your plates are cleared, lamenting that humans don't have the bovine trait of four stomachs in which to stuff just a few more dumplings.Especially good are the pork soup buns and the shrimp soup buns. To die for.There are a good deal of vegetarian options, so the members of our dining party who did not eat meat actually had plenty to choose from. If you're really strict about your vegetarianism, I would certainly double-check.My only lament is that this place isn't closer to home!
It's always better to save best for last so I'll start with the cons:Atmosphere is not the best. Kind of ugly! And the scallion pancakes were a little greasy. That's it!Today was my first time ever trying soupy dumplings. SO GOOD. My lips were a little burnt at the end of the experience, but they were soooo delicious I couldn't even complain. Our table got two  orders of soupy dumplings, one of fried pork dumplings, one veggie and two scallion pancakes with pork. The veggie dumplings were a little dry and too healthy-tasting, but everything else was amazing. Not too salty or greasy and warm and filling for the ideal winter comfort meal. We ate family style and were able to try a bunch of different things. For 14 bucks each we got to share 6 dishes between us. Thank you, Asia!
The food is delicious and cheap. It's a really nice place to eat with friends and share Xiao Long Bao. I went several times there and was never disappointed.
Small hole in the wall with pretty good food.  Very friendly service.
Dumplings, good.  Scallion pancakes, good.  Scallion pancakes wrapped around beef, awesome.  I'm not going to argue that this place has the xiao long bao in Queens, because that would start an argument with Joe's fans and any other restaurants.  Personally, I liked the other dishes on the menu, not only the soup dumplings.  Cheap eats that keep both the wallet and the belly full.  That's all that matters.
Always a solid choice for soup dumplings, and nowadays is also a popular spot for foodies - so you might end up waiting a while for a seat, be warned! Now keep in mind this place has relatively similar prices to Joe's (and better service too...), so it's a no-brainer which one is the better choice.Ah, the food! You can't go wrong with the cold & spicy beef and tripe dish here, or the aforementioned beef and scallion pancakes. If you are here for breakfast/brunch, get the Chinese doughnuts (they're basically long, fried, doughy sticks of goodness) and dip them in soy milk (cold/hot/salted). All good eats here amigos!
The best soup dumplungs in NY hands down!
I was surprised there was even a 15-minute wait for a snowy day at 2:30 PM, but then again it was a weekend and Nan Xiang is super famous now (for good reason!). By 3, it seemed like there were seats immediately available for walk-ins. It's quite amazing that they can fill up all three dining areas and still have considerable waits.But that's probably because they have the best soup dumplings (xiao long bao) I've had outside of Shanghai, and I like to try soup dumplings everywhere! They were piping hot, so you definitely have to bite a hole in these and suck out the copious amounts of soup they somehow fit into these little guys. From the outside, you can see the shadow of the soup filling up about half the dumpling's height. It's hard to get tired of them.Prices are very reasonable, and it's extremely easy to underestimate how much you're ordering, so aim for $8-10 per person. (Remember to bring cash!) It's also good to order from different parts of the menu, or else you might get impatient for your soup dumplings and fried dumplings. The fried dumplings (guo tie) were slightly disappointing given how great the soup dumplings were. The wonton soup was pretty good, and they even put little shrimps inside. I wasn't looking forward to the vegetable dumplings, but they were surprisingly quite tasty. I can't say Nan Xiang has the most flavorful dim sum overall, but they used noticeably less oil than many other places I went to.And if you're looking for good service, don't come to a Chinese restaurant. I was just looking for competence, and I got it. Don't be afraid to wave down the servers though since they don't come around very often!
Go for the warm soybean milk and and the soup dumplings! The wait is not too bad. Good number system. Cash only. Go go go go!
Food was very good. However I have had similar food in the area that was better.  The decor needs to be updated.  Staff could learn to be a bit more friendly.  This place was able to accommodate a large group.
Loooove edamame, tofu & cabbage appetizer here. Of course I like Xiao Long Bao.
The only place where I get soup dumplings. Joe's Shanghai is too oily and pricey for me. I don't really eat the noodle dishes here (for the reasons of being oilier than I prefer) but you must get:- any of the soup dumplings. I prefer the pork! The meat is always so soft and fresh.- the pork and cabbage soup. I almost get this all the time along with the pork dumplings. It's a very simple bowl but I love the bite in the noodles and the clear broth.- fried bean gluten. I'm Chinese and still don't know what this is exactly made of but it's delish. And loaded with calories.Like others mentioned, they have expanded. I totally almost went to the restaurant next door because I wasn't used to it!
I've been ordering takeout for a while from here and only recently got to experience their service. To be honest, just from the general vibe I got from some of the staff staff workers here, I figured the service wouldn't be great and it lived up to my expectations for better or worse...My friend and I got an appetizer to go with our orders and the food took about as long as I expected it to. However, we figured that our appetizer was going to be lost considering how long we were waiting and we were right. The damn thing never showed up and to add insult to injury they still had the nerve to leave it on the check. Cleared that up without any fuss though.Still, some of the kitchen staff were on lunch break and they even had the appetizer we ordered at their table..."I guess we know where that went."
This was my first meal in Flushing, NY and it was quite the experience. Service was quick, I was immediately seated and handed a menu, then offered tea- but when I said no Thank You the waitress looked puzzled and said "Tea?" I repeated my self with a kind voice but then she answered even more confused "Tea??" So I had tea- and recommend you agree to the tea as well. As she poured I asked "What kind is if?" She said with a smile "I'm not sure." The young waitress then asked what I would like, I wanted a minute to look over the menu since its in a different language with choppy translated English. A minute later she came back and I kept my head down to show that I wasn't ready. She reached over and flipped the menu over- pictures!  She smiled again. I pointed to what everyone raves about The Pork Dumplings. Five minutes later a man placed and opened a wooden steaming round box/bowl across from me and said "Steam Pork Buns." I stared at the swollen sticky sacks, the tongs placed next to them, and the chop sticks at my right. I didn't know how to eat my foreign meal.As they cooled down, I sipped on the mystery tea, I watched the other people in the restaurant. A young lady closest to me was talking in the phone and eating at the same time. It looked like she was eating a type of dumpling and using the utensils she was careful not to touch the food with her hands. Every other group seemed to know what they were doing and ate the same way- soup spoons and chop sticks.I watched and learned. I picked em up with the tongs and ate the dumplings with the soup spoons.Oh Man! The dough of the dumpling is gooey and plain, then Bam! The juice/broth is incredibly tasty, full of flavor and the ball of pork inside is pretty yummy. The juice was the best part. Halfway through the 6 dumplings that come in one serving- I was getting full, the dumplings are hearty. I only ordered this one dish and when i finished I was surprised I learn that they take cash only- thank God I had some on me. Fast service, pictures make it easy to order, my food was great, learn how to eat your dish, and have cash.
This is the taste of home to me. Everything's pretty good, the only less start is the pan fried bun is still not as authentic as Shanghai. Avoid weekend for sure, wait way too long and can't even find parking in flushing.
This place is good but not THAT good...Pros:-soup dumplings are good-they have soybean soup/drink and breakfast options just like in Taiwan! -quick service-gives you tea when you sit down-relatively cheap Cons:-busy place (will be about a 15-20min wait during peak hours for a small group)-takes 45+ min to get to from LES I give four stars for the food quality (although I'd like to note that they received a B for food sanitation!) but 2-3 stars in terms of coming back. I think there are just as good restaurants in Chinatown
My biggest grip about this place is that it's cash only. Other than that, there honestly wasn't too much of a flavor difference between the reg pork soup dumplings or pork+crab soup dumplings. (In my opinion, Joe's Shanghai has a better crab soup dumpling with stronger crab flavor.)My party of 4 was seated quickly after arrival in one of the side rooms. We all enjoyed the complimentary hot tea. We weren't too hungry so we ordered the pork soup dumplings, pork+crab soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, and scallion dumplings to share between all of us. Definitely authentic. Final bill? $30 including tip. Can't beat that price!
As I scrolled down to read the reviews for this place, I notice that there were a (I wouldn't say huge but a noticeable) gap between the ratings. I think it's safe to say that the reason why majority of the reviews rated 5 stars are all tourists. I've dined here long before it has become a "hot spot" for tourists. I can also tell you that their quality in food has also dropped remarkably because they are overly confident that customers will still come and dine because they are "recommended by Michelin Guide" or referred by friends. Be aware that this place only accepts cash!!!I came here recently with my family and friends for dinner and were told to wait because our table was being set up. While we stood near the hostess stand and chatted, we noticed that we waited about ten mins for our table. Normally it would have taken at least 5 mins to seat us so my aunt had asked the hostess how much longer we should wait. The hostess, while looking down on her phone and texting someone responded nonchalantly, "Oh the waiter already called you guys already like a couple of times". Of course my aunt retorted, "Why didn't you say something to us then." The hostess without looking up, just shrugged and repeated, "he called you guys a couple of times." So we had to wait an additional 5 mins before we were seated. When the food came, our stir fried noodles were salty; we returned it and asked to replace it with a less salty one. The flat rice noodles with shredded beef was also on the salty side but it was manageable and I could still stomach it. The steam pork dumpling soup was bland and the scallion pancake with beef was EXTREMELY oily. Seriously, I was here a day ago for lunch and it was definitely less salty and less oily than this. I think we had a bad chief that night. IF you're looking for a cheap place to eat, welcoming terrible service and wanting to be greeted by a rude ass hostess, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU. We left the place within half an hour and my sister and I made sure the hostess receive the same gratitude that she has shown us by saying, thanks for nothing bitch before we left the restaurant.
Awww, hands down, some of the best soup dumplings. Soup/meat filling is flavorful, wrapped in a chewy, delectable dough. Pancake scallion here is delicious, not too greasy, and the rice cake stir fry is amazing.There are a fair amount of tables inside, so although there is often a line, the wait really isn't too bad. Service here is efficient; the food comes out very quickly and soon your belly will be full.
Dare I say that this is the best soup dumpling place in Flushing? Why yes, yes I do.Prior to discovering Nan Xiang many years ago, I was slowly getting more annoyed Joe's Shanghai being a popular tourist stop (read: insanely long wait times and diminishing quality of their soup dumplings). So when someone mentioned a new place that opened up on Prince Street, I checked it out and immediately fell in love. The soup dumplings here come six per order and are a good size, and the soup within is not too greasy. (I've seen soup dumplings with grease lumps in the soup...not very appetizing to see or eat.) They've also evolved from providing a small dish of black vinegar for the soup dumplings to now having a small spouted container of black vinegar at every table to pour however much you want. The rest of the menu mainly contains appetizers and rice/noodle dishes, but everything I've tried so far is delicious. My favorite noodle dish is their fish fillet and pickled mustard noodle soup.When it first opened, it was a small restaurant with just 6-8 tables. Now, it has taken over space on either side of the original section and has about 30 tables. Even with the expansion, come during weekend dinner hours and you may have to wait a few minutes for a table, but the food is definitely worth the wait. As a tip, place your soup dumpling order as soon as you are shown to your table so it will come out faster while you decide on your other entrees.Happy slurping, everyone!
This is on my frequent list, I like to stop in for a few dumplings ever so often. The prices are unbeatable and the food is always consistently good. Definitely try the scallion pancakes and the soup dumplings, the fried Udon is also great.We ate for about 4 people and the bill was only about $45 with alcohol, cant beat that!!
The xiao long pao is very juicy.The food is good.Only the service is too slow.We wait about more than 10 mins to check out.Have no idea where the waiter is.Food is excellent,recommend here!
This location has wonderful Chinese dumplings and other Chinese foods. The only problem that I have with this shop is that it is always busy so sometimes orders would take 20 minutes which in my mind is a bit long for the second dish to be coming (some dishes are cold or easier to whip up).
The scallion pancake with meat & soup dumplings are really good and affordable. Went here cause it had good reviews and it did not disappoint
Wow. The steamed pork buns are out of this world good. We also had the basic udon but it was meh. Service was fast, there was a line out the door but we only waited 10 minutes. Keep in mind it's cash only! Super cheap though so don't worry about having a ton of cash.I can't stress enough how delicious the bao were. The best!
This was pretty good! Surprisingly I have had a hard time finding great chinese food, but loved this one! and gosh it came so fast!
The highlight here are obviously the soup dumplings, which, some in both shrimp and pork variety and come packed in a flavorful broth. Combine with the ginger soy mix for an enhanced flavor! The environment is a bit hectic and I've had instances where certain utensils weren't cleaned properly but, aside from that , a pleasant experience.
Lived in China for several years and in several places. This place is the bomb. Authentic dishes, awesome flavors, and no nonsense service. I'd go here weekly if I lived in Flushing.The cold dishes are really special and fresh here along with the dumplings.
This place redefines Chinese-American cuisine to me. Great food, low prices, noisy neighborhood. I love it.
I was pleasantly informed that they close at midnight as opposed to the advertised 11:30 closing. I arrive and was seated immediately. To start we ordered a cold appetizer; the spicy beef tendon. It was a well seasoned and spicy beef and tripe dish that kept me satisfied along with my Tsingtao beer till my pork and crab soup buns arrived. Roughly 10 minutes passed and our freshly hand made soup dumplings arrived. Per usual, the piping hot dumplings tested my technical soup dumpling technique. One must consume the dumpling without wasting the soup and the skill comes in doing so without scorching one's tongue. I nibble off a bit of the tender soup bun to allow the golden soup and the pork/crab filling to cool enough so I could consume the dumpling with a swift bite. I can't say that other soup dumplings are not on par, but this place is constantly clean and consistent with their buns. My go to spot when it comes to xiao long bao craving. The only slight con was that the place does not accept credit cards. Cash only! So don't forget to bring your cash money when coming to indulge your soup bun needs!
Arrived Sunday at 1015am.  Place half full.  Got our seats and menus then waited, waited, waited for our waitress to notice us, talk to us, take an order.  Nope.  Maybe she had a bad night or a bad morning?  Either way, who cares, you are the waitress in the room so I guess maybe ignoring us probably wasn't in your job description.  The cuc and beef tripe salads arrive!  Not bad.  Water ordered when we sat still not there and food is getting spicy.  Finally water but only after watching her get it, pick it up, put it down a few times.  Dumplings arrive.  Soup dumplings were fine. Shumai looks blah.  Take a bite and it's not too hot so I pop it in my mouth.  Melted off the roof of my mouth.  Must have been microwaved, because that's the only way outside is sort of hot but inside is mushy molten, but that's impossible because you see the flurry of steamer basket activity on way in.  Ask for more water and now she is just messing with us.  Same water routine as before.  She is just nasty mean or really had a bad night.  Who cares, i'm in pain.  Finally a check and out the door.  Yep, on way past the back room kitchen, there she is, taking small plate of dumplings out of the microwave.  Nice work reusing days old refrigerated product. You guys suck. Decent place back in the day but good god things have changed.  Maybe that's why I hadn't been back to you in years.  The neighborhood selection has improved but you are way past your prime.  Avoid it.  Go anywhere else.  There are plenty of old school choices that hold up well but not you. Try the food courts and sample some fresh made food.
I'm giving this place a 4 because recently it's becoming so difficult to get a seat inside the restaurant. There are people waiting outside for a possible hour to get inside. The soup dumplings here are great if it's your first time there. After continuous outings at this restaurant you realize that the soup dumplings are not the only thing that this shop has to offer. The crispy noodles and their vegetarian noodle soup are beyond delicious. Don't be like me and just go there for their dumplings every time. The taste slowly gets boring, try something new from their menu. If your feeling adventurous try the spicy pork ears:)
Better than Joe's Shanghai HANDS DOWN. Just go, stop looking through the reviews, you will not regret it.They don't have an extensive menu, so if you're there, your there for the soup dumplings. I've been to this restaurant over 20 times and I've never been disappointed. Great food for a great price. I never spend more than $30 for a meal for two. You and your wallet will leave stuffed... well that is to say that you have more than $30 bucks to begin with.
Needed some dumplings nearby & found this spot.  Veggie dumplings-fresh but add pepper & soy sauce.  My friend got the soy sauce noodles-real good & soup dumplings-tasty & also fresh.  Service was really nice which I'm surprised-haha!  I just wish they had shrimp dumplings.
I really love Nan Xiang XLB. Right off of Flushing Boulevard, where the Chinese food is as authentic as it gets, Nan Xiang XLB (as its name suggests) has great Xiao Long Baos *otherwise known as soup dumplings*. I got the soup dumplings with crab, Shanghai-nese shumai, a fried cruller, and a small cold appetizer of shredded potato sticks. The soup dumplings were amazing, they were so fresh and tender (there are aunties rolling out dough and filling dumplings right outside the kitchen). The gelatin inside the soup didn't leave a residue but rather a very pleasant mouthfeel. The soup itself was seasoned properly. The crab didn't hinder but imparted another layer of flavor and the unmistakable shellfish/ seafood umami. The shumai were good as well, they were filled with sticky rice and pork sausage. They were good with a touch of chili oil found as a condiment on the table. The fried cruller were light and crispy. The potato salad was light and tasty. I think the hidden neglected item on the menu is their soymilk. House made and served both hot/ cold, the sweet drink is definitely a perfect accompaniment to the rich taste of the soup dumplings. This is a restaurant getting more and more coverage throughout the city, especially with Vice: Munchies doing an excerpt on the establishment. It is still a hidden gem, just now a little more exposed to the public. A place with great good, decent service and all at a very reasonable price.
This food was delicious. The dumplings are awesome. Also order a scallion pancake. We also had crispy noodles with chicken. The best noodles I had in a long time. They give you green tea when you sit down.  This place is great. Service is pretty good too.
I think this place is a little overhyped up in Flushing... went with a group of friends because I heard it was legit. The soup dumplings were pretty good but if have to say I like the shanghai cafe ones from manhattan Chinatown better. I'm pretty sure they were cheaper too. The noodles and rice cake dishes were pretty good but not anything wildly special by any means. This place is packed so get there a bit in advance to hit up seats.But would I go all the way to flushing just for this  place naw not really. Id say the staff was just average at best yea, 3.5 rounded up. Not bad.
After seeing reviews comparing Joe Shanghai for the crab dumplings and scallion pancakes I knew I had to stop by to see what the buzz was about.  The crab dumplings were good with more pork appearance then Joe's but I'd have to say I like Joe's a little better for the more crabby presence.  The scallion pancakes on the other hand were significantly better here but prob behind Little Pepper scallion pancake due to the special garlicky dipping sauce they provide.  The spicy beef and tripe was outstanding and the rice cakes with mustard greens were also a treat.  We got the Shanghai pan fried udon which was also not as good as Joe's Shanghai noodles which my kids love.  Overall a nice spot to check out but will probably stick to Joe Shanghai and Little Pepper which we visit routinely.
This place was way better before all the expansions and the prices went up and the food qualities went down the drain
Solid dumplings, but every time I go we all leave saying, "Wow that was good, but it definitely could be better."That sums it up. The dumplings are all nice and the other dishes are too, but nothing just blows you away.
I want to give it six stars. Favorite dumpling house or breakfast place in Flushing! They have all my favorite breakfast food when I had in China, xian dou jiang, cong you ban mian, etc. But be prepared to wait for a while when it gets busy. And cash only.
Very good shsnghainese good. The xiao loong baos are very good but the crowds really deter me.  They forgot one of my orders because the waiters are swamped. If u don't mind the long waits and cramped dining room then come here.
A co-worker and I ordered take out tonight (3/16/15).  I've been meaning to try this place for a while but for whatever reason, tonight was my first time here.  We sampled the pork and crab soup dumplings, rice cakes with beef and a beef scallion pancake.  Everything was good but the soup dumplings definitely stood out, and that alone is reason enough for a return trip.  The scallion pancake was good but it was super greasy and the rice cake was a little light on the beef.  The prices were reasonable and the service was fair.  For a Monday night it was pretty busy but maybe it's like that every night.  I will surely return to order more soup dumplings and sample some other menu items.
Come here at least twice a month because if you want soup dumplings at 10pm on a Wednesday night, they are still open and the workers are making the soup dumplings as you order!The noodle soup is really good as well.Avoid coming here on weekends as you will be waiting outside for at least 30 mins or so just to get seated.
Lots of people and probably need to wait everyday during lunch time. They will steam the soup dumpling after we order it and it takes time, so it's better to order soup dumpling right after you have sit or even order that when you wait for sit. I ordered soup dumpling, fried buns, hot soy milk and steam rice dumpling for two and they are all good!! Their prices are reasonable too. Good place for lunch!! I love the hot soy milk! Want it again before I leave NY!! However, it's Cash Only!!*
Craving some dumplings and pork buns, I ventured into Nan Xiang Dumpling House (NXDH). A restaurant with minimal decor.  Once in, you're approach by a waiter/waitress, who provides you the menu and water in a cup. The service provided is not great - do not expect a welcoming approach, smile or good attitude from the servers. The menu list is not the most sizable relative to the surrounding Asian-style eateries (approximately, NXDH offers 66 options plus a handful of soda options). I am highly disappointed in the lack of Seltzer soda. However, NXDH makes up for it in price and quality of the food. In addition, their prices are on the low-end, which is great-Who doesn't like economic pricing?         The Pan fried pork buns have a solid, rich taste. The amount of bread to meat ratio is unequivocally greater of the former.  Their Scallion pancake with slice beef is a must try on your first visit. Moreover, the sauce has a strong, rich flavor. The insulating pancake has a subtle flavor, and soft texture.  You will likely have this item every time you return. I tried their cold dish appetizer, the spicy beef and tripe. I highly enjoyed it-the flavor is extremely savory. In an effort to not let leftover bun-bread end up in the trash, I mixed the spicy beef and tripe into half of a Pan fried pork bun's bread (baozi). The bun complimented the savory meat taste greatly. In the end, a great idea!       I have returned and tried other options on the menu ever since my first visit. And everything else ordered thus far has not disappointed, some dishes have satiated the palate(spicy beef noodle soup comes to mind). I highly recommend this place to all who enjoy Chinese cuisine. A. J.enjoy your meal.
I came here on a Sunday afternoon to see that the line was out the door. Regardless, we went in, got our number, and waited about 15 minutes before we were called.I'd been craving a good Taiwanese style breakfast for some time, so I knew exactly what I wanted when the waiter came. We got the scallion pancake, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pan fried udon, fried bun with chives and egg, and 2 orders of soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with sliced beef came out first and completely blew my mind. Despite the greasiness, it was absolutely delicious. So now with my sky high expectations, the rest of our food followed. The skin of the soup dumpling, in my opinion, is superior to Joe's Shanghai. However, I wasn't as impressed with the filling. I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5, but it was still delicious overall. My main complaint is with the chive box, or jiu cai he zi. I absolutely love them. I almost always order them when I go to similar restaurants in Jersey. I also make them when I'm at home and could eat 10 in a day. When it came out, I knew there was going to be a problem. For starters, it was fried to hell and back. Picking it up without the filling falling out was virtually impossible because of the pool of oil it sat in for who knows how long. Then when I took a bite.... I almost spit it all out. It was essentially all chive. There was hardly any egg, and maybe one or two strands of mi fan. The chives were also coated with a thick layer of oil. It was inedible. If I wanted to eat 3 pounds of oily chives, I'd have picked them out of my own garden at home and not paid 4 bucks for it. I wish I never ordered it because it completely ruined brunch for me. I would come back, but shame on me if I order the chive bun again....
Popped in again today after some shopping nearby.   Ordered the scallion pancakes with sliced beef and steamed pork buns (xiang long bao).   Both were perfect for a mid-day lunch along with the green tea. Highly-recommended.  Total for both came to $11 and change with tax.  CASH ONLY.  Service is just ok and a bit aloof.
Everything we ordered was delicious. The pan fried pork buns looked so good we ate them before I had a chance to take a picture. They were perfectly cooked and squishy balls of heavenly goodness.The food arrived so fast. Great service and yummy food. We will for sure come back.
This place is amazing! The soup dumpling compared toJoe Shanghai is so much better. This one time I asked for a cup of ice and they said they had no ice which made no sense to me but that's whatever. The rice cake with shredded chicken is really good and the cold soy milk is also good! I should be checking in more often! The scallion pancake with beef is also delicious! I have no bad complaints about this place besides the whole ice situation.
The best soup dumpling experience I've have so far! I am not Asian, so my knowledge is limited, but I'm certain any regular of this place would agree. Highly recommend the scallion pancakes, crispy noodles with shredded chicken and Shanghai pan fried udon noodles.
There is literally no services at this  restaurant. The breakfast is mediocre unless you are really in mood for dumpling.  We were first order and last to be serve along with other customers. We end up cancel the two items that never came and leave with dignity. We are here to enjoy and appreciate the good food and not throw away the hard earn money.
We got the steamed pork soup dumplings (~$6 for order of 6), scallion pancake without beef ($5), and hot soy bean milk (~$1.50). Everything was rly good and rly cheap!! Service was fast. Highly recommend.
My absolute favorite meal in NYC! It was a close tie with Nyona which, I gave five stars but, I just had to knock this place down to 4 stars solely because of cleanliness and service BUT, it is five stars is flavor. If there is one thing you get here, let it be the Xiao Long Bao. That is clearly what everyone comes here for. Gigantic, delicate, delicious, meaty and soupy dumplings. These little pockets of heaven are so good on a cold day. I've been to Din Tai Fung and yes, everyone thinks they are the best and I would arguable say they are amazing but, between the two, I actually prefer Nan Xiang. Sure, the dough is a little thicker and a little grainy but, so much soup!!!We also had the Cold Tofu Dish which, was a great way to start the meal. It tasted like a mild kim chee flavor and the tofu had an interesting consistency. It was firmer than normal tofu and looked a bit like gluten actually. We loved it either way and it got our appetite going. The Pan Fried Noodles were also a favorite and all of us fought over who would have the last bite. A lot of people mentioned the Beef and Green Onion Pancake here but, I didn't love it. The dough was a bit too thick and the pieces of beef were quite dry. I actually preferred the pancake on it's own. Be forewarned to get everything we ordered BUT, the Wontons in Spicy Oil. Dear goodness this was awful. I can't even tell what was in this sauce other than spicy oil but, it separated from the oil and looked and tasted like peanut butter. The wontons were dry and looked plastic..it was just AWFUL.Overall, great restaurant in Flushing and definitely a memorable Xiao Long Bao experience!
This is a great place! I really love the xiaolongbao here. Really good food! will come here again.
Very decent soup dumplings, very delicate and soft dumpling skin and a little more on the sweet side than salty like the famous Joe's Shanghai. They have other breakfast menu items like the salted soybean curd and fried crispy dough. They have a generous selection of chilled dishes you can pick in the front of the restaurant. Always packed no matter what time you decide to go. If they could somehow figure out how extend their space to allow more seating that could help with the seating. The staff isn't always the happiest or courteous but I come here for the food so that never bothers me.
I never did a Shanghai style dumpling house before, but I decided to take a chance while welcoming in a friend from out of town.  Worth every penny!  For $30 (including a generous tip), I got hot tea and plenty of delicious dumplings.  The Xiao Long Bao is this lovely soft sticky savory treat.  The pan fried udon was a pleasant surprise as well.  I definitely want to go back.
Yum! This place lives up to the hype. My hubs and I heard about it through one of Eddie Huang's online vignettes and decided to make the trek over from Astoria. We ordered four items: the pork soup dumplings, the crab and pork soup dumplings, the beef scallion pancake, and the spicy beef noodle soup. By the way, the soup dumplings are called "steamed buns" on the English menu (wrong translation!)Soup came first and it was a little bland and not as spicy as I was expecting it to be -- maybe they toned it down for the American crowd? But I just added a lot of chili oil (condiment available on the table) and I was happy. The chili oil also gave it a good kick of flavor. Beef scallion pancake was good -- super crispy on the outside, almost like it was deep fried. The highlight of our meal though were the soup dumplings! We liked the crab and pork ones the best because they were so flavorful. Hubby said that he didn't even need to dip them into the black vinegar sauce, although the sauce was a must for the pork ones. I'd say they tasted even better than the ones at Joe's Shanghai. Four stars! I would've given five if all of the other food was as epic as the soup dumplings.
Yes it's a (gasp) big m recommended eating placeWell we came on a weekday lunch time Packed as can be I have to say I like the number system you a little piece of paper like a deliWe got number 13...lucky or unlucky let the reader decideIt's packed it's noisy it's bustling We had hot tea the second we sat down Friendly enough waitress tells me no no no to wanting rice cake in my bowl of hot as in cooked sweet soy milk    So ok fine No vegetable buns available okSo I order the soy milk and crispy noodles with vegetablesMy friend orders dumplings My soy milk arrives with little slices of fried dough reminiscent of a croutonSoy milk Delish and comforting My noodles arrive crispy lovely tastyAnd where are those dumplings? Lady who arrived after us is suddenly eating dumplings Which we came to believe were my friends after contacting two waitress Finally dumplings arriveWhich these delicate pockets provided a blissful though late experience This is a cash only
Must have: veggie dumpling, soup dumpling, noodle soup.  There is always gonna be a wait when you come during the rush hours( lunch/dinner prime times) The only complain I have is that the soup dumpling is not consistently good. Some days are better than others: the skin of the soup dumpling is not always paper thin :(
Came here with 3 people for diner and had the beef and chili pepper noodle soup, shanghai pan fried u-don, steamed pork buns and steamed crab meat & pork buns.If I only tasted their steamed pork and crab meat buns, it would have gotten 4 stars but I tried their other food and it was just so so.  Not really true taiwanese food despite the decor and the food look the part.  Flavors just wasn't there.The steamed buns were amazing.  I still can't figure out how they have so much soup inside the buns.  I stood and watched them make it for at least 5 minutes and not once did I see a frozen cube put into the xiao long bao.  I do think that the abundance of soup is unique but it's too much.  Because there is too much soup, there is too much fat in the soup from the meat.  No so good in my opinion.  If they used leaner meat, it would be better but I'm sure that will affect the amount of soup.  I would recommend this place because I could see how some people love the extra soup in the xiao long bao.  I'd come back here again but I wouldn't make a special trip out to this place.
We checked in here for some Chinese food when we had to make a trip to Queens. We had heard about the great Chinese places which exist in this neighborhood. We particularly enjoyed the tofu worth vegetables, the pan fried udon noodles and the dumplings. It was very authentic and tasty.
- The best U don noodles, pork soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes you'll find down Main st. The restaurant is pretty clean and they give you free green tea as soon as you sit down. The prices are very cheap, $30 will feed 4 people. I always recommend this place and always come here with friends.
Decent enough Shanghainese fast food. Their soup dumplings really are above average. However, the crab version for a buck more tastes pretty much like the plain version, but with crab shells added. Get there before noon on weekends, otherwise there can be a bit of a wait. This genre of food is, by nature, greasy (this is not a criticism). You can't eat too much of it at once, which means you are going to get hungry later!
Loveeee this place. Not sure if it's the same as the one in Shanghai or not, but its delicious! I would recommend:Beef TendonGarlic CucumberPork XLBPickled radish noodle soupPan fried pork bunsCASH ONLY! Expect a 15-20 minute wait as well.
Nothing too specailNot so good or bad
5 Stars. No doubt. Came here specifically for the soup dumplings which were absolutely out of this world. Our party of four ordered 6 helpings! Found them a little difficult to eat at first, but once we got the hang of it we couldn't eat them fast enough! We also ordered a rice patty dish, which was delicious, but the dumplings were the real star here. I also want to make sure to shout out the house tea that was served. Soothing and delicious. Must have drank 10 cups! If you are heading out to Flushing for some authentic Chinese fare or dumpling tour, this is a must go. In case you can't find the joint, it has a red awning. No wait on a Saturday night, although the place was busy. I can see this being hit or miss. Cash only, but you can get out of here for under $20 a person. Seriously. Go here. This place is top-notch.
Came here twice with different friends.The first time I came everything was amazing, from service to food. The second time, the service was ehhh and food was still great hence the 4 star instead of 5.Each time I came, we ordered crab meat, pork soup dumpling and scallion pancake. Nomnomnom they were all delicious each time. The soup dumplings here are bigger than the ones from Shanghai Manor, Joe's Shanghai and Joe's ginger. But I thought that they were too cheap with the crab meat on the crab meat soup dumpling. Save yourself a dollar and just get the pork dumplings, they are the same thing.Also CAUTION!! the last time I came the waitress/cashier had inconsistent amount from our bill and thankfully my friend saw the waitress take some money from our bill or else we would have been there forever arguing.
Had the pork soup buns, it was okay. Enough soup, but not salty enough for my taste. Heard it was good and I was around the corner so I gave it a try. I've had better soup dumplings. Waiters speak mostly mandarin
This review is just for the soup dumplings!! That's all that's fair to review anyway, we just came here in a group and ordered a pot of soup dumplings each. Originally we were going to go to Joe's Shanghai, but were talked out of it by my friend's boyfriend's family. I haven't had Joe's but I definitely don't regret the decision! There were 6 dumplings for 5.95 (I think) and the skin was pretty thin, holding plenty of soup within.
The soup dumplings were delicious! I can't say it's the best that I've ever had or that it blew my mind but it was definitely as good as I expected. The pan fried dumpling buns (might not be actual name) were pretty good too. My friend loved the scallion pancakes also. The noodles weren't that great though. Super oily and ehh. The only downside to this place is that it's cash only. For such a busy and popular place, I don't understand why they won't accept cards.
About a ten minute wait on a cold Sunday afternoon (we arrived around 1:30). Ordered the sweet soy milk, the doufuhua (tofu fa or tofu in sweet water = dessert), as well as the spicy wontons. Neither my boyfriend nor I is a huge fan of xiaolongbao, so this review isn't even going to touch on that particular dish. As usual, the sweet soy milk came in a bowl with soup spoons. It wasn't as sweet as I would have liked, but was apparently perfect for my boyfriend. Worked well, as he drank most of it. The tofufa was decent, but not particularly memorable. The spicy wontons were not what either of us expected. Wontons in a spicy oil/sauce with thick peanut sauce. Definitely heavier than I thought, but I was impressed by the tastiness of the dumpling skin. I can see why the xiaolongbaos here are popular.Our entire bill was about $8. Pros: CHEAP, and the dumpling skins are really quite goodCons: Service was a bit hustle-bustle.3.5 stars
Juicy plump round little dumplings. Fresh and steaming hot in a basket towering one above another. The Xiao Long Bao (XLB) is displayed like jewels on a bed of steamed lettuce. This is what awaits you at Nan Xiang Dumpling House. The michelin rated tire guys in the window don't hurt either.When I lived in the city we used to go to Goodies but now that place is long gone that's why I am glad there is an XLB place near me that I can always go to. I love the tangy taste of the vinegary soy sauce with the slivers of the ginger are the best and mixes so well with the "soup" in the dumplings. I like the pork ones and this is my favorite place to get it. They also have crab and pork if you want to try it but i am an obstinate pork soup dumpling lover so much that its like I live here. The dumpling skins are not extremely delicate which I like and withstand the poking and prodding and are thick enough to hold in all the soup but be careful with the prongs still and place them gingerly in your soup spoon. Blow on it or make a little nibble on top so there is a tiny hole so it can breathe and you can spoon some of the soy sauce into it. I come here almost every week so I can practice gobbling them up and fitting them whole in my mouth. By now I should be a giant dumpling.You also have to try the beef scallion pancake prepared very crispy and good to share with 2 friends since they cut it in 3 pieces or you can share with one and fight over the last piece but that's okay because I like to leave more room for the soup dumplings.If you want an exotic appetizer you can try the sliced chilled pig ear. If you want to try other dishes you can get the pan fried noodle or the lo mein with the thick shanghainese noodles almost udon-like and very thick. Go with the pork or beef. The seafood ones are ehh. A lot of the other food is spicy and they have different noodle soups here you can get but for me its all about the XLB.  Try to order all of your XLB at one time because if you want a second serving it may take a long time for them to make it and you will just be sitting there with nothing to eat in XLB envy of the other tables around you. Be prepared to share a table if you are seated in the main dining room. They expanded and so the wait time is not murder like before where its like a 2 hour wait on the weekend but this place is still extremely busy so come early or coming here on a weekday is your best bet. The service here is pretty terrible. its pretty disorganized and even though they expanded they have the same number of staff but more demand and more customers which is trouble if you ask me. Its very easy to get forgotten here so wave your arms like a crazy person if you want service and make sure you keep your eye on their list they may skip you and not know. it also helps if you speak mandarin.If you want something to drink try the hot soy milk. It always gives me a calming effect whenever I drink it. its just something very comforting about hot soy milk that's made fresh and looks so serene in its large bowl. Ask for the sweet soy milk because the plain can be a bit bland. You drink it like a bowl of soup.If you dig XLB you gotta try Nan Xiang be prepared to wait and have patience though.
no need to explain more. they have one of the best xlb in ny. also, their tripe and beef (fu qi Fei pian) is something u must get. scallion oil noodles are a plus as well. the beef scallion pancakes are awesome as well.
Extremely good xiao long bao for reasonable prices. Second time coming here, and the quality was still great. Had a variety of dishes here and they all were great. xiao long bao had an extremely amount of juices in it, the majority of the other dishes I had were fresh and good taste.Would have been a 5 if the service was not terrible. Had a waiter that just had terrible manners
This place truly does have good xiao long bao, but everything else is very oily. Other dishes are drenched in oil, the service is fast but not very welcoming. I definitely have been to a restaurant with better xiao long bao, less oily more flavorful food, and better service.The restaurant itself isn't very appealing in terms of cleanliness. But of course that isn't always something thats important when eating in a chinatown area. I think this restaurant can improve in its food. But I will point out they do have good xiaolongbao and chicken soup.
This place was very good.  We had chicken soup, a pork noodle dish, and a spicy beef and tripe dish.  The menu wasn't terribly clear.  The questions that I thought to ask were answered politely.  I didn't realize that the spicy beef and tripe was served cold, but the owner/manager offered to nuke it for me.  Much better!
Mixed feelings about this place for sure. Obvi that the dumplings are good here and the best in town, but everything else is shit. The wait outside is shit. The service is par. The cleanliness of EVERYTHING there is shit. Down to the cups they use. They pour hot tea in, there are still oil bubbles floating on top, meaning you're drinking some dirty oil. More than a few occasions I smelled chlorine in the "cleaner" cups. So you might be drinking Clorox residue? The spoons are gross too. Maybe take out is the answer to this place.
Get the xiaolong bao and the spring onion pancake with beef.The bao lives up to its hype: the skin obviously took some skill to make that supple and delicate. Different from Joe's Shanghai in the other Chinatown, I like both of them, and they have their own charm.The spring onion pancake with beef was simple, but texture, again, was so right on. Will return. If they do these 2 dishes so well already I'd like to see what else they have to offer.
This dumpling house is considered to be the best in this area of Flushing by most and it does deliver.Their hot soup pork dumplings are great and so is the crispy noodles with beef and scallion pancake with beef. I would definitely recommend all of them.Cash only. On street parking and muni-lot right across the street.
Finally got around to trying Nan Xiang XLB and they did not disappoint. First of all, I love seeing the women in the corner making the dumplings, it's very reassuring that they're fresh and made to order. The XLB were definitely bigger than Kung Fu and tasty to boot! The soup was ace - the Joe's Shanghai soup is very thick and fatty, the Kung Fu soup is light and brothy. This was literally the Goldie Locks option - not too fatty, not too light. Perfectly seasoned and delicious, the skin was thin but never broke on me. One of the other staples I order at Shanghai places are rice cakes. I enjoyed the rice cakes, not too greasy or over fried, the rice cakes themselves were very "al dente" if almost too al dente. They're also weirdly small? In terms of rice cakes i'd pick Kung Fu over here and Joe's too. But these are hands down my favorite XLB. I'll be back!
Service is bad .... I always think they hate me.. But it's cool I still come back bc it's so cheap good and close.They can still take my money
Very good taste, although the fried dumpling can improve much better. I only tried few things, they are wonderful. I definitely will go one time a month.
I have been a loyal nanxiang fan long before it became popular and they expanded across 3 storefronts. My favorite is the crab meat soup dumplings. The soup in the dumplings cannot be beaten. In addition, nanxiang also has the shredded beef pepper noodle soup which is also delicious. Love everything they have!
I think that the soup dumplings here were decent. Better than most, but I still think that Joe's Shanghai had better dumplings. We ordered the jellyfish and turnip dish and the plate was filled with 95% turnip and the rest was jellyfish which was very disappointing. We also ordered the scallion pancakes, and I was not happy with them. It was over fried in my opinion and I think Joe's does a better job with this dish than Nan Xiang. I also had some noodle dishes and these were only average. I won't be coming back to this restaurant unless it is just to get a fast snack of soup dumplings.
Since I don't make the trek out to Flushing all too often, I was worried about the wait for Nan Xiang according to Yelpers. We went at 6pm on a Saturday and luckily did not have a wait!We tried the following dishes:Pork soup dumplings (4 stars)Crab & pork soup dumplings (5 stars)Both really good, though I preferred the crab over the pork. Next time I am just going to only order soup dumplings for the entire meal. You have to wait 20 minutes for your pork bun order so if you're hungry, order as soon as you sit down.Cold plates (4 stars): Jellyfish & turnip Seaweed saladPickled cucumbers Appetizers:Scallion pancake (1 star) way too fried Chili oil dumplings (1 star) terrible, have had had much betterShu mai (3 stars) filled with sticky rice rather than the traditional filling, which was interesting but not my favorite Noodles: Rice cakes with shredded pork (2 stars) only tried a bite but they weren't my favorite
Best soup dumpling I've ever had.I really suggest trying out their cold appetizers if you like exaggerated flavors. Cucumber and garlic is my favorite, I eat it with the soup dumpling because the soup inside can be too hot.
They are known for their soup dumplings so it is a must have, but you have to be careful of the hot soup inside of it. Just bite a little bit of the skin and drink the soup (: They have the best soup dumplings in Flushing! Entrees- Beef with hot pepper noodle (dry) is good, they also have it with soup but it is a milder flavor. The shanghai udon and beef with crispy noodle are also really good.They also have cucumber with garlic and they peel off the skin unlike other places so give it a try if you're a fan of garlic.
What a hidden gem! Located in Flushing/Queens chinatown. The menu is fairly reasonable and cheap. We ordered the soup dumpling, it was nicely presented. The XLB was thin, delicate, enormous, and most importantly NOT BUSTED. It was quite juicy. Compared to Joe's, the soup broth here is less salty and more bland. Overall, i felt like the XLB here is more well made and they take it seriously. My biggest pet peeve is to have XLB served busted!!!
I'd never had soup dumplings before and they came out piping hot! Since i wasn't expecting the gush of hot savory soup, we both burnt our tongues and lips a bit. The pain was worth it. The dumplings are so delicious.
Consistently good. I've been here too many times to count for more than a decade. Whenever friends are visiting from out of town, I bring them here.
I absolutely love this place.  This is a very fast-paced eating experience.  Their soup dumplings are absolutely to die for.  This is a very busy spot, so prepare to wait on line if you're there over the weekend or during dinner time!  In my experience, employees don't speak much English so prepare to point to what you want on the menu!
You must have the soup dumpling when you come here. First off, the seating my boyfriend and I had was pretty great, we had front row seats to see how the dumpling is made. I love that the chefs made the dumpling fresh by order. I also had the noodles with pork and cabbage. I must admit this place had it the most delicious I've tried so far. Not only was the portion bigger than I expected, the taste was phenomenal. The customer service was also great! And the best part, paid parking right across the street.
My boyfriend and I had a quick bite here recently, and I found the restaurant to be just okay. While the food was inexpensive (and their soup dumplings rivaled Joe's Shanghai's famous ones), other dishes were lackluster. The beef scallion pancakes, for example, skimped on the beef filling (and the beef that was present tasted a bit crunchy) and the jellyfish dish featured more vegetables than jellyfish. Plus, our waitress had attitude, which is something I can never get down with. Happy we went here, but definitely prefer Joe's Shanghai instead.
We came on a Monday night and ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, beef and chilli noodles, pork and cabbage noodles, sweet soy milk, and dough fritters.Soup dumplings: The meat and broth was good, but the dumpling skin was a little on the thicker side.Scallion pancakes: These were very crispy and much better than the other scallion pancakes we've had.The rest of the food was very meh. Both noodles were a little on the salty side and the dough fritters were a little too dense and not too crispy. Soy milk was a little diluted but was fine. Overall a decent experience. Street parking was easy to find on a Monday night. Service was Asian.
I took the advice of some of my fellow Yelpers and made my way here for some soup dumplings.  I am so glad that I did!  We came here for an early dinner, so they were not that crowded yet.  But, with food this good, they were already starting to fill up fast after we were seated.  The soup dumplings are excellent as expected.  The skin was super thin and delicate, and there was a good amount of soup inside.  The Scallion Pancake with Beef was crispy and full of hoisin sauce, scallion, and tender sliced beef.  The flavor was lovely, and I would eat this again and again if I could.  I have had it other places, and it was never this good.  The Sliced Rice Cakes with Beef were cooked perfectly and not too oily, yet none of the cakes were stuck together.  Don't sweat the technique. The cabbage and beef were cut into the most perfect little bites and the sauce was not overwhelming.  The Pork and Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce were the only item that I was not fond of.  Mostly because of the amount of herb and stem in the filling, half and half with the pork.  It was green and tasted like parsley and parsley stem, I do not know if that is exactly what it was, but I did not like it.  The sesame paste/peanut butter flavor sauce was also too strong for me and did not pair well with the wontons, and they were not spicy at all.Everything else was great, and I washed it down with a warm bowl of Sweet Soy Milk.  The only thing that I missed in ordering was the Cold Cucumber side dish, which would have been a nice contrast to the hot foods.
My bf saids that " the place sucks because they have no fried rice, and everything is pork"I really like the dumplings and the crispy noodles.
We live in the area and wanted to try this place out since we read about it on the NYT. The place was empty, except for a couple, it had a really small strong of fried oil all over that stuck to our clothes.The food was very interesting, all new things and very very flavourful. The very big problem was the waitress, we had this young girl who basically didn't even set up the table or brought us water. We had to ask for everything, also knives and napkins because all she did was point us the forks.Nobody explained the menu so we ended up getting a lot of bread things that didn't go well together. Again, the food was great, but the service and place were really lacking a lot. I haven't read anyone complaining about it so it might be a one time experience, but it was bad, and we had guests and it was deeply embarrassing..This is one of the cases when 18%Tip is definitely not right
Best soup dumplings in Queens, hands down! And if you like chives, get their eggs + chives bun. It's literally Chinese chives and eggs, with vermicelli, stuffed in a pastry pocket. They make it fresh daily and its super awesome. Also, instead of getting scallion pancakes, which a lot of people will order just because its on the menu, try their radish cake. Its fresh shredded radish, a little bit of pork (and I mean very little, but its fine...) perfectly seasoned,  rolled up into bite size pieces, covered in Chinese phyllo, and fried. You won't get a better radish cake that's better than this. Most places over cook their radish into a gooey mess. Nan Xiang keeps them with a bite. I hate the parking in downtown Flushing, but I'll do it for Nan Xiang. Shoo... I'll even wake up extra early to be the first one in!
AWESOME Xiaolongbao. AMAZING. Simple but delicious.I like this place better than the Din Tai Fung I have in Seattle, and I was surprised with the size of the dumplings. They seem larger than the ones at DTF, but in this case, bigger was definitely better! More delicious pork juices flowing out of each dumpling I placed on my soup spoon.I had high expectations for this place after reading the loads of reviews on Yelp and other places, but Nan Xiang exceeded both my and my father's expectations! Delicious and easy, the way it should be.
Finally decided to stop by here for dinner after wanting to try their famous soup dumplings since forever. With that being said, one of the best decisions of my life. Stopped by after the dinner rush hour (10ish pm) so there was no wait. Score! Now for the food... Appetizers- 1. Spicy beef & tripe (夫妻肺片) - this is a MUST order. This is a very popular dish in Szechuan and Shanghai cuisine and can be found on almost any menu. I've had it at quite a few other restaurants but never as delicious as they've made it here. Thinly sliced beef that was NOT dry (amazing) along with tender sliced tripe in hot chili oil and cilantro. It was so delicious I had to order another plate to go. 2. Jellyfish turnip salad - skimpy on the jelly fish. This was mostly shredded turnip. Worth a try but can definitely do without. 3. Scallion pancake with beef - another MUST order. The scallion pancake is super crispy and flakey. Not too thick to make it tough. It is rolled with beef and a sweet hoisin sauce. Delicious! Entrees- 1. Crab meat & pork soup dumplings - OMG can't believe I've waited this long to try this! Best soup dumplings I've ever had. They come in an order of six and are filled with hot soup. I've never seen soup dumplings so juicy and bursting with soup before. The skins were perfect, not too thick like other places. The dumplings retained the plump shape till the minute it enters your mouth- no deflating here. Their house made vinegar is different from other places as well. It's a bit sweeter which I really liked. 2. Crispy noodle with seafood - nothing to rave about. Can definitely do without. Just fill up on more soup dumplings. Now finally for the service- I understand this is a no frills type of place but it wasn't very busy at all. How can you not come to fill our water or tea at least once? Our scallion pancake came after we were done with our entrees. I hate when food doesn't come out in order because it throws the whole meal off balance. We had to wait a long time before getting our check. However the food is amazing enough that I will definitely be coming back. The hype is real for once. Nan xiang definitely puts Joe's Shanghai to shame.
I know my friends like this place, but came here today with my parents in the morning and what a terrible experience. The service was slow though there were 2 good waitresses, the soy milk might have gone bad (my mom and I both had diarrhea afterwards) and the crispy dough they brought out was cold. Soup dumplings were great, but who cares at this point. Best to avoid breakfast I think...
Super great value for the fried pork buns and enough to share. Warm, salty soy milk bowl wasn't great and tasted rather watery. You will feel rushed from the second you are seated. Tables are sticky all the time and you will be sitting on a stranger's lap.
Great food. A BIT PRICEY for the breakfast items. Good service. Nice atmosphere.
They didn't have crackers so I have nothing to say, the food was amazing and so was the service I came for the crackers but there was none probably not going to go back cause no crackers but any non cracker lovers check this place out
Quick, greasy, unpretentious dim sum. What more can I say? I went one weekend with a friend from out of town, got there around 4pm, and waited for about 10 minutes. We split a bunch of different dishes, all of it was great.
Why 5 stars? Because the dumplings are absolutely perfect. Go for the pork soup dumplings. The fried dumplings were also perfection but the masterpiece is the soup'ers. The udon and beef scallion pancakes were also noteworthy.  Cheap prices and no frills service add to the flushing atmosphere.
noodles, rice cakes, dumplings and soup dumplings! yum yum yum. they don't serve rice here so be warned. there's always a wait but it's a short time and that's because the food comes out so fast. i love it here and so did our out of town guests! i believe this is a cash only place but don't quote me in that. the only dish i didn't like was the cold cucumbers but that's because i don't like cucumbers!
The real Chinatown is actually in flushing. Authentic and clean. We come here every time we visit nyc.
Like everyone said the best place for Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings). The first time I came here was February 2012,it was only one section(store). Now there is 3 sections(taking over other stores). The store still gets very busy and that's what you know it's good! Don't expect too much from the service. It is best to order the Xiao Long Baos so it will come faster. Expect more from the Xiao Long Bao. The skin is very thin yet contain a good amount of juice inside (it is freshly made in the side). After having their Xiao Long Bao, I only come back here for Xiao Long Baos, nowhere else. the other food in their menu is okay it's not outstanding to convince me to come back like their Xiao Long Bao.(Note: When their busy the quality of the Xiao Long Bao is not as good.)
Best Xiao Long Bao in NYC, and chicken soup!  If you live in NYC you gotta make a trip out to flushing and spend the day eating around at all the best chinese spots in NYC.  In flushing I also recommend: Gui Lin Mei Fan, the basement at New World Mall, Hunan House, the BBQ cart outside the Chase Bank, and the BBQ cart outside Nan Xiang, Eastlake Seafood, and Red Bowl Noodle soup.
No wait on a Thursday night but was seated next to another table almost like we were on their date. Soup dumplings are good but not better than Joe's ( sorry ) The pan fried dumplings are wayyyy to doughy and thick. Not a fan.The scallion and beef pancackes were alright but I examined my meat and was kinda weirded out as to what kind of beef was I actually consuming.....Can't speak for the other Chinese dishes but I probably would prefer to go back to Joe's.
Good food at great prices!   I would give this place 5 stars if the cashier didn't have attitude.Beware of the younger skanky looking cashier with really small eyes with very fake long eyelashes!  If she gives you attitude, give it right back.
Went here for lunch with some co-workers. Place was pretty busy at lunch-time on a Friday afternoon, but we were seated immediately. Everything was absolutely amazing. Our group of 4 shared 3 orders of the pork/shrimp soup dumplings, an order of scallion pancakes, an order of fried udon, and an order of the pan fried vegetable noodles. We finished everything and left full and it was only $15 each, including tip. The food came pretty fast, but the service left a little to be desired. Will be back this summer.
We arrived on a Saturday night around 6:30pm and it was a shorter wait than I had expected -- just 15 minutes. The beef and scallion pancakes are a must eat. We also ordered the crispy noodle with shredded pork, which was decent. As for the soup dumplings, the dough wrapper is definitely a little thicker than say Joe's. The soup is also a little sweeter. It's good, don't get me wrong, but I still think (despite what many others say) that Joe's is my favorite. The bill was less than $20 for the both of us. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit, but could be tempted if I'm in the area.
A definite family favorite when in Flushing, this place has what I would say are arguably the best xiao long bao (Shanghainese soup dumplings) in New York City.  I get pretty picky with my soup dumplings and different places are constantly on my radar but this place has been pretty consistent with the quality of their soup dumplings as of late.  Each order has six soup dumplings which are filled with warm soup.  With or without the ginger and vinegar, these soup dumplings taste delicious!We also usually get their pan fried pork buns, or shen jian bao, though I've had better ones at a different place.  Their cold side dishes are also pretty good.  I would recommend the bean curd with mixed vegetable and the soy peas, cabbage & shredded bean curd which is a little spicy but amazing.If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait since this place doesn't take reservations and usually has a line going out the door.  All or most members of your party must be present before being seated.  Every time we go, we get our basic staples but also branch out and try new things.  The soy milk (cold/hot, sweet or salty) is pretty good and other dishes such as noodles and rice cakes are definitely worth a try.  The only things I would stay away from are the scallion pancake with sliced beef, the fried bun with chives and eggs, and the turnip puff.  Everyone in my family agreed that these items were too deep fried which made them not as authentic or tasty.  Needless to say, we've only ordered those items once!  If you want the legit thing, look for these items elsewhere.  Other than this minor caveat, I give this place a wholehearted recommendation!
i've been trying to find shengjian bao in America and this is the only place that comes close to yang's in Shanghai. Their xialongbao are much better than joe's. Prepare to wait for the table. And service isn't the greatest. But definitely worth the trek to flushing.
I had to visit a place in Flushing for the best XLB in NYC. And of course, the Yelpers were correct~!!Me and my friends visited the place craving for some XLB. A couple of my friends didn't like going out to eat, since he lives in NYC, and I, a yelper had to show him the places to eat. It was extremely awkward.The place was packed, but the wait was very brief. Maybe, 10 minutes. Once we were seated, we ordered since we knew what we wanted, deep fried pancake, sui mai, and two trays of XLBs.The deep fried pancakes were delicious. The crispiness was perfect and it wasn't as oily as I thought. The pancake crackled and popped in my mouth ;) and the meaty filling was delicious. The crispiness was only on the outside, while the layers were perfectly smooth and filled with chives. T'was a perfect dish, and I recommend it!The sui mai here was very special. It was made in a such a unique way. The sui mai's insides were filled with sticky rice, and there were small meat bits in it. It wasn't meaty, and it wasn't hearty, which I wanted. So I wouldn't recommend this dish to anyone. It's not worth your money or time.To end off the adventure of the day, we had to get the XLB, DUH DOI~!! We ordered two longs of XLBs, and once they came, we devoured them all in a couple of minutes. The small soup content of the XLBs were delicious and plentiful. The juicy meatball in the middle was flavorful and it is amazingly delicious when hot. Will be coming back to here for amazing XLBs~!! Such an amazing time in NYC~!
It's one of the go to places for a great Shanghai Soup Dumpling fix.  Their soup dumpling is succulent and filled with right amount of juicy well seasoned soup expected of an extraordinary soup dumpling.  Now why the 4 star?  Not everything on their menu is as good as other restaurants. Such as their scallion pancake always served dried, pork & veg. dumpling in spicy sauce has wrong filling and sauce mix is deplorable, jelly fish with turnip has almost no jelly fish, scallion pancake with beef is not up to par, crispy dough is way over cooked so harden instead of crispy....  in other words come here for their soup dumpling and a few of the other items, but skip some essential Shanghai staples. But they still amazing just for their soup dumpling alone.
It's a small place, looks like a hole in the wall but the food is great and you can't beat their prices! I highly recommend theyre soup dumplings!
Tourists go to Joe's Shanghai.  People who actually want good siewlongbao (pork soup dumplings) go to Nan Xiang.  Flanked by 66, Bangkok and a cantonese restaurant whose name I can never remember, Nan Xiang is one of Flushing's brightest spots for a great meal.As many a Yelpologist has mentioned, the wait can get long during peak hours.  My friend and I went after the prime dinner rush, so we were given a number and seated in about five minutes.  Always crowded and always bustling, we gave our order immediately and waited for our soupy goodness.  We had the pork soup dumplings and the noodles with beef in spicy chili oil (first for me), and we weren't disappointed.  The dumplings are consistently delicious, and the noodles were deliciously greasy and thick.On several other occasions, I've had the cold cucumber dish and the duck tongue (DUCK TONGUE!), and those are great for contrasting the steamy fatty dumplings.  I generally go for an order of the pork dumplings and an order of the crab ones, and you really can't go wrong with either.Is it authentic Shanghainese? Beats the heck out of me.  I'm a whitewashed Korean. Is it delicious? Ohyoubetcha. Is it better than Joe's Shanghai? Ohyoubetcha...er? If you go to Nan Xiang based on my review, and are disappointed, kindly let me know, and I will apologize, and give you the opportunity to buy me dinner somewhere else.
Very mediocre! The noodle cake dish was tasteless and the dumplings were SO doughy. The only redeeming dish was the beef scallion pancakes. The service was the worst part. But the food wasn't far behind. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Soup dumplings are amazing and handmade on site in the small restaurant. As a result, you wait a long time for a table and for the food but good things come to those who wait! Not a huge selection but they know their wheelhouse and stay in it. Don't expect amazing service or great ambiance. It's good food at cheap prices. Cash only.
Got their pork soup dumplings as well as their beef scallion pancake. Their soup dumpling was amazing. Definitely worth the wait. Maybe even better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan. The dumpling is literally filled with soup. My first bite, I squirted out a bunch of soup at my food partners' face. My bad. Anyhow, the skin was nice and thin. The pork was up to par from the other places I have tried. BUT the beef scallion pancake was bad. That killed my experience here. There was too much hoisin sauce that it took over the whole pancake. Tsk tsk...you did me wrong...but I'll be back for their soup dumplings :)
3.5 stars. This place used to be better. Nowadays more of a madhouse...especially on weekends with the unruly wait. Sometimes the service gets spotty during peak hours.This is the best in NY (yes, even compared to the tourist traps in Chinatown). Everything is good, but could improve starting with craftsmanship of every dish. The standard dishes like crab meat soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, and even Shanghainese rice cake (alternatively noodles) should upgrade on presentation (comes out a mess on the dish sometimes) and pack a more flavorful kick in every bite.They are all a bit bland, even compared to real Jiangzhe regional cuisine that is slightly sweeter by default/This place is still good enough to be recommended. When I ever have time to go to Flushings, this is always on my list. Seems that going during off hours are a good bet if you are not looking to wait/hoping to get your chow on asap.
Was super excited to try this place after seeing all the raves about it on yelp. Love their spicy beef with tripe, spicy and very tasty! Their steamed crab meat and pork bun are mediocre in my opinion because lacks crab flavor. I still think Joe Shanghai's pork buns are better. I'm not a fan of scallion pancakes but their scallion and beef pancakes are good very crispy definitely better than other places I've tried!
Been wanting to come here for years...finally! Although I personally don't think their soup dumplings are the "best in New York" as a lot of people I know claim, they are good- bigger, but u get only 6 per tray. Their side dishes are the winners though. On my visit, we got:1. Pork Soup Dumplings2. Spicy Beef and Tripe: excellent. It's swimming in hot oil and red pepper seeds, but it's really not as spicy (mild+) as it looks.3. Noodle in soy sauce: sounds simple, but so GOOD. The noodles are freshly homemade and are nice and chewy. Need nothing more than a lil oil and nice soy sauce.There are also scallion pancake with beef, stir-fry rice cake...etc. I'll need to try in the future. This place is def worth a visit.Wait wasn't so bad on a Sunday afternoon: 10mins.
Delicious dumplings at a cheap price! My go to dumpling place in Queens. Definitely must try.
2 Steamed pork buns (cuz we liked this one better)Steamed crab meat & pork bunsCucumber & garlicRan out of spicy beef tendon :(Substituted slice pig ear with spicy saucePopular yelp reviews of the Scallion pancake with sliced beef, so we had to try it out for ourselves. It was delicious but someone at our table found a piece of hair in there. Complained and they offered another dish. Overall it was good, better than Joe's Shanghai.
The best Chinese lunch ever. Fresh delicious $ loved it. We had the beef with garlic and general Tao. Im pretty picky on Chinese and it was awesome. Will be back for sure.
AMAZING XIAO LONG BAO/SOUP DUMPLINGS!Absolutely a must have at this place. Came during a busy Saturday morning/lunch hour and the waitress told us would be about 20 mins for our soup dumplings. Not a problem, while we waited we ordered the SCALLION PANCAKE. Oily and fluffy just as it should be, order it! Also got the FRIED DOUGH (aka Chinese Cruller in disguise), mehhh nothing special, you can easily get some from the Flushing markets for cheap. No complaints about service this time, but don't expect it to be 100% on point though.Super wallet friendly and perfect warm soup dumplings to hit the spot on a cool autumn day!Don't be "That Guy" with the card....cash only!
It pains me to remove a star. Ha!I have been here probably 3 dozen times in the last 3 or so years. I know what to expect in terms of  "service" at chinese restaurants. The food is still 5 stars.But I have to remove a star for the following reasons.They expanded the restaurant 2 times since I have first been here, but the amount of staff remains the same, so now you can sit down faster but you wait longer for menu, food, utensils, basically anything you need.They don't recognize us, I feel like since I go here so much, we should at least get a nod or something, maybe even a smile. Nope. And I always tip well even though service is non existent. Last time they forgot one of my orders, They gave it to the table next to us that came later and probably didn't even order it but decided to eat it anyway. When this was finally realized they said they ran out of it. I have very low expectations for service but come on dont forget my order completely and not fix it.
Before my trip, I usually like to do some research on some local food.  Just to make it more interesting, something to look forward to aside from biz meetings. So this place seemed to be the place for soup dumplings or xlb as many have referred to. Location, I guess it's good as long as you can find parking in this crazy side or Chinatown. Been to Flushing many times over the years, and it has really grown. This is on a Tuesday night, and yet, I had to go round and round to find parking. Anyway, was able to find parking between this place and the new world food court which I was curious to check out. When I came in around 730p, I was seated to share a table of another single eater. Service was fast and friendly, which is not typical in a Chinese restaurant. I was hungry, so ordered the traditional pork xlb and a beef noodle soup. The soup came first and it was disappointing before I even taste it. It wasn't the Taiwanese style i was expecting. The soup was more clear, but it has some spice to it. The beef was cut into little cubes with no spinach or other ingredients. It tasted fine, but very simple.  Something I could have made at home. Ok, so the xlb came next. I think it was about 6 to an order. I've had my share of xlb including China, and these are indeed some of the best I've had in awhile. The skin was thin enough to hold the broth, but not overly where it's like a large clump of dough on top. It stayed in its form nicely and wasn't flat. The broth was plenty juicy and steaming hot (yes, becareful of eating it whole).  Flavor was spot on with a little sauce. I quickly finished all 6 of them and ordered another 6.  About 10 min went by and I realized I was actually kinda full as I ate it so fast. But the xlb was here, so I took my time to savor it the 2nd time around.As with many places around Chinatown, make sure to bring cash. I thought they took cc, as that was the other reason I didn't want to eat at that big food court, but I ended still paying cash here. If this was just for the xlb, I would give 5 stars. But the noodle was a total disappointment, and their limited menu knocks it down to 4.
It's a great place with authentic south eastern Chinese food. We've been there for quite a few times and love this place. The price is reasonable too. Would recommend to people who are from Shanghai and Hangzhou areas.
The spicy wontons are really good too,, not really spicy but has a great flavor!!i think this place has the best soup dumplings i've ever tasted!
This is my favorite favorite FAVORITE restaurant for soup dumplings.  Whenever I have the craving, I dream about eating and start drooling from the beautiful pictures I remember in my head.
This is the restaurant that I visit every other time when I am in Flushing.  No 5 stars from me because half the time I got the rude waitress, and that the restaurant is so cramped that often times we have to share the table with other people.  Their flagship Soup Dumplings definitely live up to par.  Definitely order them as soon as you sit down before you order any dish as It could take up to 30 minutes!  Other dishes I'd recommend: Fish Noodle Soup with Pickled Cabbage (lots of fish), Pork Chops Noodle Soup (huge pork chop), and Scallion Pancake with Beef Slices.  Make sure to ask to have Hoisin Sauce on the side for the Scallion Pancake -- several times they put way too much sauce in the pancake and ruined the dish.  I don't recommend their Rice Balls -- this is the only place where I had rice balls without pickled radish in them.  I also don't recommend the Hot Soy Milk Soup -- they put tiny fish in it, making it very fishy which is not what I'd expect.  Oh, one last tip: don't go at peak hours because you'll have to wait outside for a long time.  While the food is good here, it's not worth waiting for more than 30 minutes.  There are plenty of other great restaurants in town!
Best soup dumplings ever! We usually get the pork and crabmeat flavors, but really you can't go wrong with any of them. Make sure they are the first orders that you place in because it takes roughly 20 minutes for it to be done. Shanghai pan fried udon and the rice cakes w/shredded pork are also really delicious. Yes, they are a bit greasy, but what do you expect when they are pan fried?! Mmm yummy. I do want to note that the scallion pancakes haven't been consistently good the past few times I went. They were all dough and maybe 2-3 tiny pieces of scallion in each slice. Minus half a star because of that.The place does feel a little cramped so you may not have much elbow room and you may feel like you're sitting on top of your neighbor especially during the colder months with all the heavy jackets, but the delicious soup dumplings all but make up for it. So really a 4.5/5 if only we could give half stars.
Authentic Shanghainese cuisine. All I gotta say is it tastes just like the Nan Xiang I had back in Shanghai every morning for years. The place is super cheap and the food is just wonderful. Just a heads up this place is cash only! The service could be better though not gonna lie.
After hearing so many great things about this Dumpling House, we finally decided to take 7 train and got here at 12 to see if it lives up to its name. I am surprised to see a line waiting for a table here already. Luckily, we only waited for 20 minutes before we got seated. We were pretty hungry so we ordered a lot from the menu. We got the famous soup dumplings (Pork and the crab ones), scallion pancake with sliced beef, stir fried low mein, stir-fried crispy noodles with beef, chicken soup, and turnip pastry. The soup dumplings are definitely one of the best in NYC. The skin is very thin and there is a lot of juice inside. The ground meat inside is tender and meaty. Overall, it deserves an A for their soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with beef is also delicious. They deep fried the pancake so it is crispy and chewy. Unfortunately, they skim on the beef. The stir-fried Shanghai Low mein is very good. Everybody loves that dish. On the other hand, the crispy noodles with beef is also very tasty, especially if you like the yellow crispy wavy noodles. I was not a fan but I was impressed. Finally, the chicken soup has an amazing broth and it comes in a small bowl. We did share it among 4 but it is more meant for one person. We ended up spending $15 per person for 4 people. We were really full and our pocket is happy.
First meal in 30° NY weather and what? Yes. The broth in the pork dumplings are so good. The braised beef noodle soup is also delish!
If you're in the flushing area and are craving xiao long bao (soup dumplings), I would definitely recommend that you try this place. Their soup dumplings are large, fresh and has a very good amount of soup! 6 to a tray and it's about $6-7 for the pork+crab ones which I find delicious! I've had soup dumplings in a lot of different places and nan xiang makes one of the fresher, better tasting ones!  I always pair soup dumplings with rice cakes! Usually I like chicken because the soup dumplings have pork already! My only criticism with their rice cakes is that sometimes it's on the salty side and the chicken slices are not as big as I would like them to be (in comparison to other restaurants in the area). Overall it's still a wonderful dish chock full of vegatables (choy, mushrooms, bamboo etc) and I mean i just can't have soup dumplings without rice cakes! If it's crowded, be prepared to sit unusually (almost but not quite uncomfortably) close to others, just because it's not an extremely large restaurant and their seating arrangements can be tight. Service is mediocre, but I think once you get your hands on the soup dumplings, your focus will be on enjoying your meal and not the people around you! ~chow! =]
The xiao long bao here are the best.  Thinner skin than Joe's Shanghai, so some may prefer Joe's better.  More juicy than Ding Tai Fung in CA and Taipei.  They also have lots of great side dishes.   And last but not least their pan fried pork buns are fantastic, done perfectly, similar to street vendors in Taipei's night markets.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House's soup dumplings are sooo good. I love a good soup dumpling with a lot of soup inside. Every time I go, I'm not disappointed. They are definitely the best place in flushing to get soup dumplings and their noodles are pretty good as well. The only thing was their service was not the best. I ordered the same time as the table next to me and they got their dumplings 15 minutes before us. However when I did complain about that, they gave us a free soy milk drink. Overall, I'm always satisfied with the food and price whenever I eat here.
Very good & affordable dim sum. Extraordinary soup dumplings + enjoyed pancake/sliced beef (despite another review that dissed them). Unassuming but clean w/ prompt, friendly service. It's worth the 7 line to Flushing to enjoy this place. Past visits had the place packed, today showed up very early afternoon - easy peasy.
The best soup dumplings in Brooklyn and Queens.   This place is a must try if you love soup dumplings.   Their food is pretty good as well.
Coming from California (originally) I had a pretty narrow view of what Chinese food was like. So when we visited Flushing recently, our son and his friends took us to a number of places to give us a vision of what we were missing.I'm not sure how I lived over half a century without experiencing xio lóng bāo, but it's a new favorite--and this is now my benchmark for what a dumpling should be. There are a number of other great dishes on the menu (we had several). All-in-all, and outstanding experience.
Fortunately, their food makes up for their terrible service. Soup dumplings are my absolute favorite and this place definitely meets my expectations!  Such good comfort food for some flavorful pork and soup that perfectly fills your spoon. The skin is thin, but of course not too thin that it erupts on you. The scallion pancake is also yummy as well. A nice golden brown crisp with a chewy center.Service always sucks here. I get my food on time but the question is when are they going to take my order and whether I will be hydrated.  There was this one incident when we asked for tea while he gave us our food, looked at us and completely zoomed off somewhere. We had to physically get up to one of the waiters to ask for it and order more food. Then...once I get my soup dumplings I totally forget why I was annoyed tehehehe.
The dumpling is decent, not the best but good enough to get your soup dumpling fix. The staff is beyond rude , but it's flushing. Not the cleanest place to dine at, but again, it's flushing, they open until very late, so you wouldn't feel, notice, or care  if you go after having a few drinks at the bar.
Hands down the best Xiao long Bao I've had anywhere!  My grandmother and I had a special recipe for these soup buns, but even we can't get close to how much soup is each of these little treasures!  The dumplings (the Xiao long Bao) are chock full of delicious pork broth, and I absolutely love the beef noodle soup.  It's absolutely delicious. Even after I moved to Massachusetts, I still come back to flushing JUST for these amazing buns.  I've been coming here since it was a one-room restaurant that seated about 15 people, and I'm ecstatic that it's expanded so much over the 8 years we've been going.  My family usually orders 6 for 6 people!  (Each order comes with 6 soup buns as well)Here's a trick for eating buns if you haven't seen them much before -- place them on a soup spoon, pierce a side with a chopstick, and them empty the soup into the spoon.  Saves your mouth from getting burned!Don't be put off by a line; the food is well worth any wait.Super authentic and a home away from home.
I come here almost once a month with the family.they have the best XLB. the only issue is the wait. So def come here early to beat the crowd.
Lunch for 2, well under $20 bucks. A great deal considering how tasty and filling it was.We started with a piping hot scallion pancake which was simple and great and followed up with an order of spicy beef dumplings and vegetable dumplings. Both were perfect and devoured in moments. You also get a copious amount of blazing hot tea on the house. Really hit the spot.The wait was about 15 mins to be seated and the line was out the door (sucks on a cold day), but it was ultimately worth it since it was such an enjoyable meal. Four stars.
Came here since Eddie Huang dropped by, but man am I glad I did. The food here is just on point, we ordered an assortment of dishes and it all came out in a timely fashion. Too good!
Love the soy beans and bean curd in sesame oil.  The spicy beef in chilli oil over noodles was excellent, the fried pork chops over noodle soup was tasty, the porkchops were a bit sweet for my taste but everyone seemed to like it. The beef and tripe dish was spicy but oh sooo good.  The pig ear dish was just a bit spicy but realy good.The seafood crispy noodles were very crispy but the seafood was a bit on the sweet side to me.  The pork dumplings were good and the skin is thinner than Joe's Shanghai but on my 5 point scale, here's how it breaks down:Taste - 3.5 very good but not phenomenal, soupiness - 5 the amount of soup is excellent, thiness of skin - 5 you can even tear the skin with the tongs if not careful, tenderness of the meat - 4.5 pretty tender and not hard at all.
Excellent soup dumplings!  The menu was a bit limited, but I really enjoyed everything we ordered.  It's definitely the place to go for Xiao Long Bao in flushing.
Must order the soup dumplings. Super cheap. Super delicious. Super fast.
This used to be our favorite breakfast spot until today. We didn't have a long wait which was nice, but once seated we had to wait to ask a waitress for a menu. After receiving our menus we waited almost 15 minutes before seeing anyone to order. We were excited to order our usual turnip cakes and spicy beef tripe only to find they didn't have it... Umm we were there at9:45am! How could they not have it!!? Once we ordered out food came out in drips and drabs.. Not the usual quick speed, which was fine, whatever maybe they had a new chef or wait staff.. We had to keep asking the waitress where our food was and only when asked it came out. We ordered the jelly fish and turnip and got 95% turnip! Never been to a place that didn't have at least a 50/50 ratio of turnip and jelly fish. Not sure what's more sad... That we won't be returning or that this place is going down hill. I think I'll be frequenting ok Ryan more.
Came back and they expanded again the other way. So they are now 3x size of the original rest so plenty of seating. And they found a rhythm to getting their dumplings out in a more timely fashion. Granted they r more Han likely the last thing to come out of what unordered but they are quite good. So def come and taste the authenticity. And watch as the army of dumpling makers go to town making these crafty little masterpieces of deliciousness. Note cleanliness is variable but that's typical of Chinese rest.
Service: 3/5 waitresses hustle and bustle around. Don't expect to be able to sit around too long while eating here as this place is packed. Also, don't expect much privacy either bc the tables are squished together and if you come with just one other person, you will be sitting 1 inch away from another couple.I ordered the crab and pork bun, pork bun, and the pork rice cake and enjoyed them all.  The dumpling skin does rip easily, but the soup inside is flavorful. Crab plus pork was def. better than the regular pork because there was more texture with crab inside.
Very fond of the pork pan fried dumplings as well as the soup dumplings. The seafood soup is good, as well, but bit bland, but it's nothing that some soy sauce can't fit -- or even the broth from the soup dumplings. The one downside is I was expecting a more variety of dumplings.
After spending almost three months in Europe and being deprived of good Chinese food, I had my eye set on this place after doing some research. I went with two other friends, one white and one Asian American. My friend who was white said to me after we took our seats, "Do you know how I know this restaurant is good? It's because I am the only white person in the entire restaurant." Boy was she right! Both she and I were blown away by the soup dumplings especially that first burst of flavor when you bite into it! But please show some respect and do it right! Don't poke a hole! Bite into it and let your mouth fill taste the savory, sweet delicious juices that fill your mouth all at once. Yummyyy.Also, what I really like about this restaurant is its prices! Very cheap and decent. I'll also say that you should expect a line when you come on the weekends as it is very popular. I would also recommend the scallion pancake (a little too bland for me but they're freshly fried so I would still order them anyway) and the sweet soybean milk (the latter for a more personal reason.... b/c I was raised on that kinda stuff). The service is also very good for a Chinese restaurant. The staff is attentive but not too in your face about it. I would definitely come back again! The prices... were around $6 for 6 soup dumplings. Not bad at all! and $1.25 for a giant bowl of sweet soybean soup!!!
Well, since I've been to the real branch in Shanghai, I figured, why not try this one and see how authentic and good it is....hmm...a bit overrated...First, yes, I know it's always busy but when me and my friends (3 all together) walked in, we waited like a good 2 minutes before someone seats us and there were some empty tables so they can't be THAT busy.  In fact, I think they're short staffed.  The waiter tends to disappear from time to time and we pretty much have to flag them down to take our orders and this is like 10-15min in after we sat down.  Now, the food came pretty quick and it was all made fresh.  - You must order the steamed pork soup dumplings since that's what they're famous for and it was pretty good...but I think I would prefer a less starchy soup base.- The pan fried dumplings were good with thin skin so it's not too doughy...but not sure if the price justifies it...-The scallion pancake with beef slices...well, it was the marinated beef and served with hoisin sauce so it can't go wrong.  I would order this again over the regular scallion pancake-Sweet sticky rice...this was way too big and the rice was a bit hard....not very good for digesting and only a bit of the fried curlers were in the middle so a bit off balance right there for me.  -The pork chop soup noodles were good.  I would say this place has one of the better ones compared to the other Shanghainese joints I've tried.My overall conclusion is, not bad, but not like "WOW."  It's definitely overrated so don't travel far just to try this place.  You can probably find decent ones in Chinatown and they're just as good if not better when you balance it all out.
First time trying the scallion pancake with beef - SO GOOD! Topped with oyster sauce and scallion. Thought it sounded weird when I first saw it on the menu but was tastefully surprised. The soup dumplings are of course as yummy as people here say. I have to admit the dumpling skin is better than Joe's in Chinatown.Service was just really crappy. Needed to flag down the waiter to order. Made eye contact to ask for tea and waitress nodded. I see her grabbing the kettle and pouring for another table, thinking she would come over, but nope, just walked away and put it down. Yeah, she did forget we ordered for more tea.Also for those who care about the restaurant rating, it's a C!
the food is good and reasonably priced. we had the Xiao long bao, stir fry rice cakes with pork, fried dumplings, fried pork buns. service was decent and prices were reasonable. we would go back again.
Their pork xlb is amazing! Loved it. We had their scallion pancakes and beef scallion (both excellent). We went on a Sunday (a group of seven) and only waited like 10min wasn't too bad. Overall good experience.
I ordered plenty of things here...sweet soy bean milk, noodles with scallions, soup dumplings and sweet sticky rice.  They were all just okay.  There's a C cleanliness rating on the outside of the restaurant and a lady in the kitchen with the flu!  She must have sneezed 10 times as I walked in.  Face all red and nose leaking mucus everywhere!  I glared at her and I think management sent her away.  Maybe I've eaten at Din Tai Fung way too many times...but the dumplings were a bit larger than I expected and not as good.
Place is so packed....but food is delicious. They do not like pictures taken off the staff....so please be respectful of that. It's cash only but sure is worth it.
Caught attitude for asking for sugar for my soy milk.  Forgot my soup buns (after waiting 40 minutes - standard is "20minutes". No vinegar I the table. Cups of tea were empty and still no one filled. Shanghai noodles were spicy Bc the the kitchen probably did not clean the wok after using it. 1 star is being generous. Michelin Star? - I have to question when that was given and who they gave the review
It's cool to see how East and West coast does the same food differently. For example. the soup dumplings (XLB) here had a lighter tasting broth, almost like chicken broth. Din Tai Fung (I'm classifying as west coast since that's the only location in the States) has a deeper, "porkier" broth. Both had a great thin skin with tasty meat filling. Also, the scallion pancake with beef (beef rolls) here uses a very thick and doughy scallion pancake. I'm used to the thin pancake, which results in lots of layers of pancake-beef-pancake-beef. This one was still very good though, even if I felt that they skimped on the meat. At least there wasn't cilantro in this one!The line seemed very long, but it was only about a 20 minute wait for Saturday lunch. The service was pretty friendly and efficient. And I couldn't get over how cheap everything was compared to the same food in Manhattan. Definitely worth the trip to Flushing!
Nanxiang has one of the best soup dumplings in flushing! If you're going to come here on a Saturday / Sunday for brunch good look finding a table! They get a 4 star because the waitress can be a bit rude at times. My boyfriend is highly convinced that it's just the way they talk but I don't know..... I really recommend the scallion pancake with sliced beef! The scallion pancake is so crispy and satisfying!!! I love it. I personally prefer the salt soy bean milk over the sweet one. Would come back!
The pork soup dumplings were ok. Lots of soup and thin skin, but the soup was not too flavorful. The crab soup dumplings were awesome though, lots of flavorful soup. The plain pork soup dumplings' soup is not as good as Joe's Shanghai's (which is kinda greasier than normal, this one is slightly under greasy) but the skin and overall authenticity is better than Joe's Shanghai's However, both soups could be sweeter and or more savory, it was a little one-dimensional with the salty flavor. I'm picky because I am from a place with two Din Tai Fungs, but this place is excellent for Chinese food in New York, though not worth an hour wait if it is crowded (always is on weekends). There was no wait on a weekday. The fried noodles with seafood were Hong Kong style where you mix it up and the super crispy noodles turn softer for a varied texture. Quite satisfying. Fast service.
If you're going here, I'm assuming you're going for the steamed pork dumplings (soup dumplings). I have a favorite soup dumpling place in Boston (Gourmet Dumpling House), and have yet to find a place that does soup dumplings like GDH does, but Nan Xiang Dumpling House comes pretty close. They also have some very cheaply priced Chinese food that seem to be good. But I wouldn't go for the scallion pancakes. They weren't anything special. We also ordered..Shanghai Pan-fried Udon (?) which was pretty good, but a tad on a cold and hard side. If it was warm and fresh, I'm sure it would've tasted even better. All in all, good for soup dumplings and cheap Chinese food. Cash only folks!
Restaurant is just like any other business, u will not go around the city to look for te cheapest doctor or the cheapest lawyer, so why food?And Wow, this is good XLB? What? Really? I love XLB, so I went all the way from city to try this place. Oh boy they suck, crab meat XLB was very tasteless, I did not taste crab meat, and the pork XLB did not have much flavor too.Food cost is so sky high Fir the market but their Price on the menu for XLB was so low, that is why I am not very surprised that their XLB is tasteless. To have real crab meat in there with good pork? Ya right.Small menu, that is the only smart move that this restaurant have. Low price, large quantity, poor service, tasteless crab meat XLB. I'm just glad that I did not have a food poison.
Really great food. The xiao long bao was the highlight (I had never had xiao long bao before).  Don't let the 'C' sanitary inspection rating deter you... I feel like the lack of cleanliness adds a little something to the taste of the dumplings. (Just kidding!) The food was great, the atmosphere was busy, and the value was incredible.  My wife and I ate dinner on a Saturday night for $30 with tip (unheard of!). Our waiter was like an Asian Ron Swanson... No nonsense and to the point.  Fine by me, I was there to eat, not to make friends.Anyway... I will definitely go back, and I recommend it if you're in the mood for good food and an energetic dining room. Bring cash. They only take cash.
I love this place. Everytime I go there is always a line, so expect to wait atleast 20 minutes before being seated. It is always crowded too. I always get a lot of the steamed pork dumplings which are always fresh, hot and very juicy. This is also the place I tried jellyfish for the first time and really liked but the next time I ordered it it was not seasoned as well as the first time but nothing a little soy sauce couldn't fix. I also always get the spicy tripe and beef as I love spicy food, the szechuan peppers in the sauce will make your mouth a little numb. Also if you want to try some of their dessert then go early because they NEVER have the sweet soybean curd that I've been dying to try. Seriously, NEVER. Because they always run out and it makes me want to have it even more but all my friends are night owls and do not do early brunch.
This is my favorite soup dumpling place. It is so much better than Joe's Shanghai.I always get the crab meat soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and shanghai pan fried noodles. One time I went during lunch time on a weekend and had to wait 15 min for a table for 2. But it was worth the wait. hehe
Came on a weekday right before noon to avoid the crowds and was able to sit for two right away. Ordered the shengjianbao right away as it takes 20 minutes to cook. I like getting sweet soy milk, although my family loves getting the salty soymilk and youtiao (fried dough) as an appetizer. The youtiao is very fresh and soft, good enough to eat plain. The beef wrapped in scallion pancake was excellent as well. Of course everybody comes to eat the soup dumplings, which I like because they're lighter than joe's shanghai's soup dumplings, but which one I like better depends on the day, as both are always tasty. Prepare to be stuffed and loaded with carbs! Next time I'll probably order some of the cold appetizers to balance things out.
For people looking for soup dumplings in flushing there's not much better then this. It's a small intimate place with a simple menu to match. As much as I love the soup dumplings I also love the scallion pancake with beef. The prices are great as well, 2 people can go in, stuff their faces and have a few beers and manage to only spend $40 for the whole thing. I only found this place over the summer(3 months ago) and I've already been there 6 times in 3 months. I don't frequent any place like that. I highly highly recommend!!!
Everything has already been said!Must get the soup dumplings (pork is slightly cheaper and better worth the price). Seafood noodle soup is tasty but very few pieces of fish and the type of noodle is not the kind I prefer (my go to is ho fan). The end result is a little starchier than what I usually get. And this time, I ordered the tripe too. Soo delicious. Perfectly seasoned spiciness! I wish they had better proportions though- more tripe, less sliced beef!And soybean milk and fried dough are staples here too
Very good food and quick service. Udon noodles, dumplings, steamed buns and scallion pancakes were all delicious and fresh. I'd read that it could be very busy so we were there for an early dinner before a Mets game. I would definitely go back.
I'm sorry but I'm gonna have to throw some major shade at any reviewer who is not Shanghainese and has anything bad to say about these soup dumplings. That's like if someone Chinese came to America and decided that McDonald's has better burgers than Shake Shack. Sorry but nope, your opinion is invalid. I am Shanghainese and I effing know my soup dumplings, and these are great (regular is fine, no need to get the crab ones). Their other stuff is all pretty good too... yu pian (fish) noodle soup is simple but hits the spot, niu rou jia bing (beef, hoisin sauce, sandwiched between pancake ish things) is another one of my faves. You can't really go wrong here, great & authentic Shanghainese food. Pro tip: when we sit down, we immediately give the server 1-2 orders of XLB, due to the wait... then we settle down and decide what else we want to getAlso, please understand that if you go to a restaurant with authentic Chinese food, you are probably going to get, err, authentic service too. Have some understanding for cultural differences; Chinese servers tend to be a bit more brusque. This is not a struggling restaurant, they are trying very hard to keep up with demand, they are working to feed you but not to please you. Please don't come here expecting amazing food at great prices (which you should find) AND amazing, friendly service (which you won't), then take off stars. That's just asking too much.
Delicious authentic Chinese Breakfast in Flushing. Best "Yo Tiao" I've had. Lightly crisped on the outside, warm and doughy on the inside. Shao Long Tang Bao Soup Dumplings is delicious as well. Joe's Who??
Great Xiao long bao soup dumplings! Also had the stir fried udon which were also amazing.
MmM Soup dumplings.  Since I don't always venture into Flushing, I was so used to eating the XLB at Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan.  And not even in Chinatown, in Midtown -__-.The XLB at Nan Xiang is so flavorful and fresh, I feel like Joe's can't even be compare to it.  I prefer the dough, the meat and the soup of Nan Xiang's.I came here once before and was excited to try it out again 2 years later, but with my family.  After our trip to the West Coast, eating XLB at DTF puts our standards pretty high.  DTF is still at the top of our list, but Nan Xiang is a great option on the West Coast.We started with the pig ears (my mom's choice).  Not a fan favorite because there was not a lot of flavor to it.  I really wanted to get the shaved beef tendon, but they were out. So disappointing :(.We weren't too hungry, so we just went with 2 baskets of XLB.. one of each, pork and crab.  The pork was fantastic.  The crab was ok.  There was almost little to no crab in there.We also got an order of the Seafood Udon Noodles which was delicious!  It was stir fried with pieces of white fish, shrimp and baby bok choy.  Everyone really enjoyed this.There is always a wait, but we probably waited around 20-25 minutes when they gave us a quote of 15 minutes.  Not too bad, because it helped us work up our hunger.Service was decent.  The table next to us sat down about 15 minutes AFTER us and they got their food BEFORE us. What? And it is cash only.  So bring your bills when you come.
Hands down best xiao long bao soup dumplings!!
I've been here twice with my family, the first time the service was extremely slow and the waitress was forgetful, so we got a free order of xiao long bao (also one of the things that took forever), but still, the food was great.The second time was better, I guess it wasn't as crowded. We ordered scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, 2 orders of xiao long bao, pan fried udon with chicken, and some kind of chicken noodle dish that the waitress recommended (can't remember the name). This place is known for their xiao long bao, so obviously, it was delicious. The dough is chewy and the meat is so flavorful. Its even better with the black vinegar and ginger sauce because it gives them a nice tartness. The udon dish was mainly udon noodles with a few bits of chicken and vegetables, but luckily I love udon, so I ain't complaining. The chicken noodle dish was really good, the noodles were perfectly cooked and the soup was really nice. The only complaint was that it lacked any vegetables, the waitress told us that its supposed to be that way:( Maybe its a Shanghainese thing. The scallion pancake w/ sliced beef was the only thing we didn't eat at the restaurant because by the time it arrived we were full lol so we just took it home. It was nice but too greasy for me.
As far as soup dumplings houses go, Nan Xiang is my favorite. The space itself has ample seating so the wait is never too long. Both soup dumpling options are delicious and there are many other choices including noodles or appetizers. I highly recommend the scallion pancakes, especially if you add a bit of the dumpling sauce onto it.
Joe Shang-bye.Hands down, the best soup dumplings in NYC here at Nan Xiang, I know this may be a controversial statement... but for those who know... they know that this is not the case. Nan Xiang blows Joe Shanghai out of the water for the best soup dumplings in Queens town and everywhere else for that matter.  It can be a pain in the butt to get seating as this place gets packed during peak hours, but if you're flexible with your eating time, try going during a non-peak hour and you should have no problem getting seated, getting supped, and getting that soupy goodness into your broken soupless soul. Scallion pancakes are on point, and a wonderful counterpoint to the soft, chewy, soupy goodness that is the scallion pancakes. Noodle Dishes like the Spicy Beef Noodle is just... meh. Not good, not bad. But the star here is the soup dumpling. It comes in two flavors, Pork, or Crab & Pork. I'm partial to the pork, but many others prefer the one mixed with crab, and I suppose that's a bit rarer. What I particularly like about this place is the beauty of the dumpling skin. You have to handle a lot of soup dumplings with more care than an ebola infected leper, because one wrong move, and you'll tear the skin and the juice will come pouring out. But Nan Xiang has a wonderful dumpling skin that doesn't tear, poke, or pop, and yet remains wonderfully tender, but sufficiently chewy. Legends say that Ip Man visits their shop once a day to beat their dumpling skins to give them their soft, and pliable toughness.Long Live Nan Xiang.
The xiao long baos here I think are the best in flushing. The waits some days are long but it's always worth it. The noodle dishes aren't amazing but solid. I personally like the beef and pepper noodle soup and the rice cakes with shredded pork is money .The cold apps showcased near the entrance are worth a go also!
Great option in Flushing.  Awesome that they deliver to parts of Queens through flushingfood.com
Great place to get the traditional xlb. They open earlier than most of the restaurants near by. Great service.
Great food. Always super busy. Try to get there early if you can! The crab and pork soup dumplings are great. 4.5 stars just because I have had better dim sum in my days, but it's still very good. And cheap too!!!
One of my best friends lives in Flushing and was staying across the street to prep for her wedding. She recommended that we all have breakfast here before we started getting ready for the wedding.They open at 8 am, and yes we weren't the only ones waiting outside. The place fills up quick I tell ya. I was SHOCKED.We ordered their pork soup dumplings and the crab and pork soup dumplings (you get 6 dumplings per order). Along with an order of seafood udon and green onion pancakes wrapped around beef. I was impressed with the soup dumplings. Being Shanghainese myself, it's hard to impress me with soup dumplings. But the skin was perfect, not too thick but not too thin where the soup would easily break through when you lift if up. It has a good amount of soup in it too, very rich and flavorful (which means it has more pork fat in it haha yummm soo good for you). The crab and pork dumplings were good too, very juicy. They come out very hot which means the soup inside is piping hot (if you're not careful you WILL burn yourself). How I eat it to prevent burning myself is to bite a small hole in it, either on the side or on the very tip and gently slurp the soup out then I add some vinegar and devour the rest of the dumpling.For first timers, I recommend asking for a bowl so if you do spill your soup everywhere, you can drink it out of the bowl.The udon and green onion pancake were pretty good. I prefer the plan green onion pancake versus the ones with beef. I'm not a huge fan of the sauce they put in it.Price is also cheap!I definitely want to try their other shanghainese dishes.Definitely going to bring others here to try their dumplings. I haven't tried Joe's yet, so that will be another food adventure when I come back to New York :). Grateful to the beautiful bride that brought me here! Cheers!
Really good! The dumplings are everything! I never had it dipped in vinegar. The best I must say. I also had crunchy noodle with beef, not bad. Just mix it a little before eating. The service was okay, can't complain. Food came out quick! I would definitely return for the dumplings. AHHHMAZING!
Great shanghainese!Must gets:soup dumplings (with the crab meat topping)scallion pancake with braised beefshanghainese style rice cakesshanghainese style udon stir frycold jellyfish appthe food is delicious, served super hot, and it all comes out within ten minutes.Yum.
The soup dumplings here are amazing and fresh! I also love their spicy cow stomach and beef scallion pancakes. This spot is a much better alternative to Joe's Shanghai, which is overrated and crowded.
This is a good place to go, and good location for parking . I love the soup dumplings... very very good
I have high expectations for restaurants like this because I've travelled around Asia and have had very legit dumplings. Being in Flushing, the first thing I looked for is the rating from the Health Administration (at least this place got an A). -1 star because it seemed like every server had a death in the family-1 star for 2 different servers ignoring our orders-1 star for cash only-1 star for so-so foodWhat's the raving reviews about? This place got nothing on places like Din Tai Fung in Taiwan. It also got nothing on some of the places in San Francisco. Not sure what the raving reviews are about. The dumpling is pocket full of MSG filled oil that gets disgusting half and hr after you gobble 2-3 of them. +1 star for the pot stickers! These were legit and good. +- for the neutral Pork Chop Soup Noodles... Bland, nothing too special! Pork Chop wasn't pre-fried.
Come here if you're looking for really solid asian food. Walked in at 3 on a Friday and it was pretty empty. We ordered the Seafood & Pork Crunchy noodles, Salt Soy Bean Curd, You Tiao (Crispy Dough), Xiao Long Bao, and Pan Fried Pork Buns. Highly recommend the crunchy noodles, although it is a bit on the oily side. Portion was huge though. The Xiao Long Bao was also really delicious. The rest were good as well but the other two dishes were my favorite. Service was nice and the waitress constantly refilled my tea. Not too sure how this place will handle a busy night though. Overall, really good food and would definitely come back when I get asian cravings again (so like tomorrow).
Love, love, LOVE Nan Xiang!After being hangry for xiao long baos for daaays me and my friend decided that it was time for me to be fed these soft little pillows filled with goodness. Nan Xiang Dumpling House seemed like a legit spot and I'm SO glad that I was able to convince my friend that Nan Xiang was the one (and not Joe's Shanghai with the ridiculous waiting lines).Started my morning with fried dough and fresh sweet soy milk followed by the delicious, super greasy, crispy beef scallion pancake. It could've ended there but there's no way you can leave this place without eating at least 1 xiao long bao.I'm not joking when I tell you how delicious they are. Thin skin, good seasoned meat and flavorful broth. We ended up with 3 steaming hot baskets. No regrets.I'm so brainwashed by this experience that I even dreamt of laying on a bed of their xiao long baos (would probably be a bad idea in real life). Will definitely go back!
Overrated! For those have not had real food. The service was horrible as well. Mayb besides the soup dumplings the rest of other food are really bad.
Five star for xiao long and xue cai rou si noodle!!!!!!! The most authentic place in NY for these 2 dishes so far. But 0 star for beef scallion pancake, not authentic and too oily, its existence is like a joke.
The BEST soup dumplings in NYC, maybe even America. Perfectly crafted dumplings, tasty meat, and the soup is delicious. Probably the closest thing you can get to authentic Chinese/Taiwanese soup dumplings. A must go in the Big Apple.
I found out about this place from watching Vice on YouTube and Eddie Huang (is this a good or bad thing?). The good thing is that, he Raved about this place & its authenticity. The food looked SO good that I had to search this out. And I've never had a Shanghainese breakfast.Everything was so fresh and dirt cheap. I got the pork soup dumplings (they were out of crab & pork at the time (1pm on a weekday). And a giant bowl of fresh soy milk (sweet) with a fried crueller. The waitstaff was very nice and helpful and recommended the sweet soy instead of salty with the crueller. The soy was very refreshing, not too grainy and not too...fermented/heavy (like that blue-bottled fresh soy drink)? I don't know how to describe the taste. It just had a good amount of liquid and soy ratio. Stir the bottom to distribute the sugar! The crueller was alright, I've had lighter ones. This was slightly crunchier on the outside, maybe fried just slightly too long? Soup dumplings were good, didn't use the vinegar too much, the soup inside had good flavor. I think I paid $8 total. I'd like to try their beef pancakes next time. A lot of people were eating the tofu skin soymilk and other stir-fried dishes with a tofu or rice cake element. Looked awesome.I thought this place was going to be a hole-in-the-wall, but everything is super clean. Simple chairs and tables. It looks like they had taken over 2 spaces, with 2 separate dining rooms. The front doors are plastered with Michelin reviews, the staff is very fluent in English, service is fast. There are a lot of people eating but everything is very casual.
Very good XLB's.  I would argue that it is better than Joe Shanghai in Manhattan.I like it even better than Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles.You can't beat $5.50 for 6 pieces.  I wish I lived in Flushing just for this place.
Their XLB is the best in town, that is a fact. Only reason why they received only 4 stars and not 5 full stars is because of the other food they serve. Try not to get any of their noodles since they look like they have been drenched in oil for days... But other than that their XLB is great and they make it throughout the day so you know it is fresh. Every single time I have been there, there is always a line so beware! Make sure you carry cash with you because this place is cash only!
They have the best pork buns and hand made dumplings. The pan fried buns are slowly becoming my favor. No other place makes it like them. It gets pretty full so its better to go off peek hours. The service is okay.
SPICY BEEF & TRIPE! That is a musttttttttttt! It is so good! And of course everything else. The pork soup dumplings they have are amazing. Flavorful and extremely tasty. The skin to the soup in the dumpling are to die for and are cooked to perfection. Def worth the hype. I've been to numerous Xiao long bao places and this is the one I always go back to. There is quite a wait during the prime time hours. Such as dinner after 7 and weekends are just crowded. The wait goes by pretty fast tho. Trust me it is worth the wait. Always come here with an empty stomach !Overall rating:Food: 11/10Decor: 5/10 eh not much decorPricing:8/10 came here with 6 people and the bill came out to 60. We were all stuffed too. Service: 9/10
fresh and good quality. the scallion pancake with beef was stellar. crunchy with the right amount of salt and sweetness. the soup dumplings are made fresh so it tends to come out last. save room for it. they're bigger than usual and comes 6 to an order compared to the typical 8. had the cabbage and pork noodle soup; big portion. yummy noodles and not overly salty. other shanghainese places always oversalt this dish.will definitely come back to try their udon, sticky rice and soy bean milk!be prepared to wait. lines are out the door.
Great buns. Terrible service. I've been to this place a handful of times. The buns are always great - they definitely deserve all the critical acclaim they get because their buns are delicate, with proper thin dough and packed with broth. The rest of the menu is truly mediocre. I've had the jellyfish here and other offerings from the cold appetizer bar and there's just nothing special about any of the dishes. Let's now talk about the service. It is nonexistent on good days and generally downright terrible. Here's my experience: I came here on a Sunday morning and ordered the pan fried buns. I know that this stuff takes time to cook and would be served dead last. However - 45 minutes later, we were done with our meal and the buns still didn't show up! To add insult to injury, when I asked for the check and told my server to cancel the buns, the server didn't take the buns off my check!! I told the server it was unacceptable because I was in a rush and can't wait anymore for the buns and the server informed me that there was nothing she can do and the buns are now ready and so they will pack it to go for me. How crazy is that??? I ended up refusing to pay for the buns and offered to call the police. That was apparently the only way for the server and manager to take the buns off the check. How's that for epic service?
We only stopped in for after show dessert, coffee and cocktails but really enjoyed ourselves. Lovely restaurant, adorable and friendly server! Would go back.
this place USED to be my fave soup dumpling place. although it is still great the chef or recipe mustve changed because it is not good as back then. back then the wrap used to be very thin  but wouldnt break, now its on the thicker side which im not a fan of. but either way def still a great experience and lots of good food. i wouldve given 5 since ive been coming here for a few years, but i can see and taste that it is not up to par as when i first came.
Good place for dumplings and noodles. Good is great and staff is friendly, the restaurant is always packed and service might be poor at times. Not many options if you don't eat pork.
Well if you're gonna call yourself a dumpling house, you better have some darn good ones!And they do :)  We were very happy to dig into some juicy soup dumplings, some nicely fluffy crispy scallion pancakes and a new crazy thing for us, beef wrapped in scallion pancakes...like a yummy chinese style beef wellington hahaGreat cheap eats w. the usual service.  Get in, eat, pay, get out.
I've been coming here since the restaurant first opened. At that time, they made by far, the best xiao long bao in Flushing. The skin of the buns were so thin and were filled to the brim with delicious soup. My #1 comfort food!Since then, the dumplings have gotten smaller and the soup somehow I feel, is not as flavorful as it was before. The crab ones (my favorite) now contain only morsels of crab meat/caviar with a hint of it's original taste.  Also, the service has also been consistently bad. Service with a smile? That's unheard of here. Sometimes I feel like the servers intentionally avoid looking in your direction if you need them to come to your table. They do have note-worthy cold dishes that I order whenever I come, fu chi fei pian (in English-sliced lung by the married couple! lol aka beef & beef offal), marinated cucumbers, kao fu (baked spongy gluten with bamboo/shitake mushrooms). The scallion pancake w/beef is delicious as well. A good soup dumpling place in Flushing, but IMO overhyped by the internet. I've had better ones in New World mall and at other smaller restaurants in the area.
As good as Shanghai! Allllmost as good as DTF in Shanghai, actually...Nan xiang XLB, 1basketNiu rou cong bing pancake, 1orderYummmmmmmmm...thin skin, super unctuous filling, so, so much soup, and one satisfied customer who rolllled outa there. No line, no waiting at 0915!Rob C. was dead-on the ratio of pancake to actual marinated shank was a fail..huge! Too doughy overall..plum sauce was great, but no with insufficient meat! $11total
Soup Dumplings, Fried Dumplings, Soy Milk, Fried Dough, Fried Pancake, Spicy Beef Tripes...and the list goes on and on. They have pictures on their New menu now. So even if you don't know what the food is, you can now see the picture of the food in the menu. The place is pretty spacious (3 small stories combined), but it can get pretty packed and have a long waiting line if you go there at the wrong time. They got a few Micheline Stars from different years for their place.
Complete service failure. Did not try their food but walked out after they said any food would take half an hour. If you want the dumplings How's Shanghai on 37 ave is the place.
I've come here multiple times for the delicious soup dumplings and chow mein. It's extremely busy on weekends to the line where you can't even step foot in the store around the lunch rush hour but the food certainly makes up for it! The soup dumplings are a little pricier than Joe's Shanghai (around the corner) which is why I would recommend soup dumplings at that location but they are equally fresh over here! There are a variety of cold dishes that are very traditionally Chinese-in fact this is one of those restaurants where you need a Chinese person to help you order the first time. Forget chow mein and kung pao chicken. Welcome and explore the world of soybean milk and youtiao, tofu bowl, red bean buns, cold spicy seaweed salad, and thinly sliced beef strips with tendons! The seating is very tight and sometimes you may have to share large tables with different families, but you definitely come hungry and will leave happy. Some waiters are really cautious about tipping. My worry thought we had tipped a few dollars less and she ran back to our table in a angry frenzy because she didn't want to have been paid less. When she discovered that the dollar bills had been suck to the back of other bills, she shrunk away with her head down and apologized. After getting past the initial crowd and perhaps the delicacies in the menu, this place is a place to enjoy. I give four stars for great food, but the staff need to be more polite, come around and check in with the water supply, and for the overall crowded/stressful ambience.
I love the veggie steam dumplings from this place!! and the kou-fu with wood-ears and stuff! Food is as fresh as it gets, love it!
Solid Xiao long bao-- plenty of pork and soup inside. They are served piping hot so be careful not to destroy your mouth. Good texture to the dough, not too thick but it doesn't easily fall apart either. The fried dumplings weren't really too special. The exterior wasn't crispy, it was just thick. Decent amount of filling, but the dough-to-pork ratio was higher than I would like. Pan-fried pork buns were not Shanghai-style (with soup inside). They were essentially placed in a skillet to get the bottom somewhat crunchy, so don't expect Shen jian bao. This spot is very popular so be prepared to wait. We went Sunday at 1:00 and waited around 30 minutes. Overall a good experience: OK (but not cheap) prices, fresh dumplings, and good service.
Without a doubt their dumplings are one of the best. Their fried noodles are good also. Sticky rice though, is the worst Ive ever eaten. The tiny fried dough in the middle with little bits of fried pork wrapped around with an abundant amount of rice. I literally had to use chopsticks to pick out the stuffing. And don't bother with the soy bean milk. They serve it room temperature when you order hot.
I like their Xiaolongbao.  They made it when you order it.  Those two ladies that made those are amazing.  They just chatting and chatting while making our orders, however it came out perfectly fine.    Even number of folds with JUICES inside the dumplings.  Its like an art piece.  Beautiful (and they don't seems like taking much efffort when making those).  However, I only recommend their regular Xiaolongbao but not the crab one. It doesn't worth the premium because the crab flavor was quite lacking.  I admire their skills and the skins of the dumplings were amazing (so as the soup/juice) but the meats were very blend average pork.  At least its fresh though.I also liked their steamed vegetable dumplings.  Their fillings were good and the folds were pretty too.  Spinach, rice noodles, tofu, eggs and more.  Naturally Sweet.Their other dishes were pretty ordinary.  However, this store beats the heck out of Joe's Shanghai.  This is much more authentic , delicious, and cheaper.  I highly recommending  to try this famous dumpling house in NYC.
Was excited to try this place as we love soup dumplings and everyone said Nan Xiang is so much better than Joe's. Honestly, I don't get it. Here the soup inside the dumplings is salty, but also quite thin and lacking in rich porky broth flavor.  So if you like that style you may like it, but I prefer a richer soup inside. Then there is the issue of the crab and pork meat: There were *a lot* of bits of crab shell in ours.  This is totally unacceptable. The meat and the broth here seem to stay very separate which is less appealing to me. Finally, the bathroom was really gross. Perhaps this can be considered an irrelevant issue, but for me it says something about the whole place.
Wow, pork and crab soup dumpling, pancake with beef , rice cakes and tripe were all AMAZING!
GET THE XLB. YES there might be a 15-20 min wait, but it is so worth itI don't understand when people write poor reviews for a steak house when they ordered seafood there. So don't make that mistake here, and NOT order the xiao long bao! The service here is typical of a delicious chinese restaurant -  you will need to flag the waiters down and might be met with some cold stares - but when that steaming fresh XLB descends to your table, you will forget about it all. I absolutely love this place in Shanghai and the Flushing location lives up to the name. If you're here for breakfast, start off with soy milk (hot) and you tiao (fried doughnut?) while you wait for that XLB. It's the perfect Chinese way to welcome the day.
Love their soup dumpling and scallion pancake! Very delicious and authentic. We also ordered Sheng Jian Bao but the skin of the bun is just too thick for my liking. We went there during their lunch time and the restaurant was packed! We waited 15 minutes to be seated which is not bad at all despite how busy they were. Our server was very friendly and patient. Overall we enjoyed our time there!
3.5 starsWith so many good reviews, I had to come & try their xiao long baos since I was in the area. The place was busy. The waitress was preoccupied. L didn't appreciate her throwing the menus onto the table, but I didn't care. Like I said it was busy and I'm more willing to give service some slack when I'm in Flushing or Chinatown. We ordered the reg pork soup dumplings, as well as the ones with crab. We also tried the scallion pancakes. The dumplings had a ton of soup, it was flavorful, perhaps not as fatty as the ones in Chinatown. I didn't think the dumplings skins were that thick, but I really haven't had too many XLB's in my life... At least they weren't doughy. Perhaps they're thicker to hold all that soup? L preferred the crab ones while I liked the pork ones more. We never agree on anything... The scallion pancakes were crispy & airy. Not something we usually order since they're so starchy; it was good, but a little bland. I think it needs more scallions. The place is really cheap, I'd come back if I was in the area again.
Tastes really authentic. For the price you can't beat it. Only downside it's crowded for lunch and dinner time. If you wanna peaceful environment, try avoid the hours.
The pork soup dumplings were delicious. They have great scallion pancakes too. I cant complain about service because everything came out fast. I also ordered the beef pepper noodle soup the noodles werent to my tasting I usually like my noodles al dente and the broth was a tiny bit bland.
This is LITERALLY my go to spot for soup dumplings. They have never failed me. It's very cheap and it tastes great.
This place never fails! Their soup dumplings and scallion pancakes keep me coming back. This is CASH ONLY -- that's the only downside for me, but overall such a great experience each time I go back!
The food is delicious.  Honestly sometimes the service could be mediocre but the food makes up for it LOL.  However unfortunately i heard recently the chef for the steamed dumplings which i believe is the hidden jewel of their menu has left so thats unfortunate.  But regardless the place has great food specifically rice cakes, soup dumplings, and noodle soups.  Their scallion pancakes are also amazing
This is one of the best places to get xiao long bao......The items in the case are also very tasty.....Portions seem to get smaller every time I go....so they lost one star from, plus the service usually sucks....you have to ask over and over again for tea and water.....If you go, go for the xiao long bao and not much else......
Not sure what I can say about Nan Xiang that others haven't already said. My personal favorite dishes are the soup dumplings, udon, and scallion pancake with beef. Yes I will order them all in one visit, and no I don't care that it's a carb feast. So worth it.
probably the best pork soup dumplings in flushing, a lot better and fresher compared to other restaurants. They're are busy from 11 to 2 almost every day, but its worth the wait!
Came here for a quick bite before heading over to the US Open grounds to avoid paying $10 for a hot dog. The quick bite turned into an hour long dinner, but I'm not complaining.We were started with tea which was delicious! We then ordered scallion pancakes and steamed veggie dumplings for sides. Both were good, I have to say I like the scallion pancakes a bit more (but being that they're fried that's probably why).Entree:I had the pork soup dumplings as my main course ($6.50 and filling!). My party had various forms of noodle soup and they mentioned how the broth was amazing and tasty. Perhaps next time I'm around main street I'll come back for some noodle soup! The only -1 star was for the slow and uneven service. We had to waive over someone to refill our waters and ask for more tea. Also They brought 3 of the main dishes to the table and  I had to sit there wide eyed for my dumplings to come. To sum up: Great food, even better price, great variety, cute decor but slow/uneven service.
If you're looking for great Chinese food in a clean authentic restaurant, look no further.The staff is friendly and they provide quick service and they don't mess up on orders. The food was simply amazing. We ordered an assortment of different foods, including cold noodle with sesame sauce, dumplings in red hot oil, and scallion pancakes. Everything was so warm and delicious (except for the cold noodle, of course). I can't wait to go back and try their famous soup dumplings.This place is really a great spot; small and quaint.For dessert: try Ten Ren Tea Time around the corner on Roosevelt Ave between Prince and Main Streets for great bubble tea!
Soup dumplings!! Love this place :)Great food, great prices! I usually get an assortment of dumplings and wontons. Everything is super tasty. Don't forget to try the scallion pancakes!!
OMG...this is literally the best pork soup dumplings in NY. You must try and joes shanghai aint got nothing on this place. The beef scallions, noodles, soy milk, donut curlers are a must try here. The place gets pretty packed since its small and cash only but totally worth it. I cannot wait to go back to this place in Jan.
Outstanding!!  My meal came within 10 mins after I sat down. Hot & fresh!  Parking is horrible around this place so if you can, catch in of the many forms of public transportation around the area!  This was the coldest nite of the year (9 degrees with real feel of -12 with wind) and I could've ordered dumplings from a local restaurant. I wanted authenticity & there was no substitute!  Try this place!
Still very decent xiaolong(tang)bao quality since starting to rival the Flushing Joe's Shanghai. Main gripe is that dumpling skins are thicker than I remember. Maybe just my imagination.  What hasn't changed? The long wait and rushed service. Because, XIAOLONGBAO.
My wife and I both love going to NYC.  And every time we go to NYC, we always make a point to go to Flushing to get some good cheap eats.  This recent trip, we actually ended up staying in Flushing for two nights.  Not only that, we stayed in a hotel pretty much across the street from Nan Xiang Dumpling House.Our flight into NYC was delayed by more than four hours (we were coming from the west coast).  So by the time we got to Flushing, it was close to 9 PM.  After checking in, settling in, showering and all that, we were tired and hungry.  My wife was already eyeing Nan Xiang and upon learning that they don't close until very late (I forgot whether it was 2 AM or 3 AM), we were excited to go get a late dinner.We ordered soup dumplings (of course), pan fried dumplings, and wonton.  Everything was just delicious.  I've learned long ago about these little soup dumplings that can really burn your lips/mouth if you just bite into them.  Unfortunately, there were not many occasions where I actually get to eat these delicate dumplings.  Some places pre-make and freeze them, or the skin is too easy to break, etc... These soup dumplings were great.  Nice spoonful of soup after a small bite to break its wrapper, drink the soup, add a little bit of gingerly sauce to the bun... just delicious.
Thank god I don't live near this place. I would be here every day if so. The prices are the best I have seen, the food is so delicious. I always leave happier than when I got there. Huge fan of Chinese cuisine, sort of picky about it actually.... this place is just the best.
Hands down the best XLB (xiao-long-baos or soup dumplings) in Flushing, nay in NYC. Yes, there is a long wait for your order (it's made to order so be patient) and yes it's cash only (I mean really what establishment in Flushing isn't?), ad yes the waitstaff mostly have a permanent frown on their faces. Who cares? You're here for the food (and the very reasonable prices). The decor is nothing to write home about, the chairs aren't particularly comfortable, and there is pretty much no parking in the area. All that being said, I still make a trip out here every chance I get, 7-train ride and all.Get yourself some bao. Do it.
Jersey needs one of these places right now!The lack of good Chinese style breakfast in (north) Jersey is going to make me praise this place for years to come.I came on a weekday and this place was very busy a little after 12 noon. We actually sat down at the only empty table in the restaurant!We ordered a rice bun, two soy bean milk, dry noodles with soy sauce, and the soup dumplings. All of which were amazing! However, I will say my sticky rice bun was a little lacking in the ingredients side. Ended up with a lot more rice left over than I would have preferred.There's two locations for your convenience!Bottom Line:Cheap, good, fast, awesome. I don't put those words together often, but for Nan Xiang...I have to!
The dumplings were good. However, I ordered them to go and I had to wait 30+ minutes for one order of dumplings. I felt that was a little too long for one order of dumplings.There are plently of other places in Queens you can grab just as good of dumplings.I would go back again but I'm not in a rush to hurry back.
The dumplings are great so are the other other plates such as their vegetable noodle soup. It's large enough to share with two people as well as other dishes. The only downside, which I've been able to put up with every time I eat here is the service. Don't expect to get those extra plates, cups, water, etc. as soon as you ask. Expect to ask twice or if it's in arm's length, reach over for one. Either way, it doesn't seem like their worries are on customer service (I've been here enough times to realize that) but their food is consistently great.
Came here from NJ on a Saturday morning. We beat the rush by getting there around 11 AM. The service was pretty good. They give us hot tea. We ordered soymilk too. Hot and cold. The hot is a pretty large portion. To start, we had the bean curd with cabbage and edamame. It was brought quickly, and we finished it all. We also had the scallion pancake - different than what I usually have. Seemed fried where as most places it's pan fried. We also got shumai. Not your typical shumai - came with rice inside! Then, there was the spicy dumplings - skin was too thick, spicy sauce was also too thick. Overall, not the best choice. Also got the noodles. We got the xiao long boa of course. R and I both thought the skin was a little thick though. And supposedly the soup part is really tasty. I had three tries and failed at not losing the soup in all of them... :( Needless to say, we were all full after this meal and departed with leftovers. All at a reasonable price for 3 people.
I was in Flushing for my birthday wanting to eat dim sum. However, by the time I arrived in the area, dim sum was over. As I was looking through yelp, I remembered watching on Youtube Eddie Huang eating at Nan Xiang. I found the address, and I was glad to come here on my birthday.The last time I had soup dumplings was in LA a couple years ago. The ones in LA were a better, but Nan Xiang's were pretty good. I did not know what to order(in LA, someone else ordered everything), so I asked waitress, and she was very helpful. The table had pork dumplings and pork/crab dumplings. Both were good, but I liked the broth more in the pork/crab ones. The other dishes were good as well. The Shanghai noodles were really thick, but great. The scallion pancake with beef inside was really good, the sauce on the beef was liked by all. The only thing not really liked were the spicy wontons. They were not very spicy, and were in a peanut sauce. I am not a big fan of peanut sauce, so this turned me off.Overall, a good experience. The staff was friendly and the food was good. If you want good soup dumplings, don't head to the city, come down to Flushing a give Nan Xiang a try.
Mmm. Soup dumplings. I could eat these from dusk to dawn and get fat(ter) and I would not be the least bit sorry. To sample their crab and pork soup dumpling is to enjoy one of the truly best dumplings in New York.
Their xlb are amazing! Full of fresh ingredients, their xlb are made from scratch while you wait. The customer service is polite, friendly and attentive. We also had scallion pancake and beef, one of my favorites. Better than a hamburger! The cabbage and pork soup noodle was the perfect comfort food for our rainy, cold day. Shredded chicken and rice cake is also one of my favorites, I love the mushrooms and veggies mixed in. This is one of my favorite lunch/dinner places since it's both reasonably priced and you really get your money's worth!
Been here 100 times. Crab dumplings always excellent. Cold beef and tripe always excellent. Other stuff is pretty good nothing stands out.
Whenever i think of soup dumpling, i will think of Nan Xiang.  Their cold dishes is very good. Their scallion pancake is very good.  Majority food is good.....i feel their service can be a little better, however can't expect too much from such an affordable restaurant.
Sliced Beef Scallion Pancakes...  So damn good.
One of the most delicious and authentic shanghai restaurants I have ever been too.  Everything we ordered was delicious, and even though we were staying in Manhattan we made the 1/2 hour trip to brooklyn twice! I recommend getting the shanghai dumplings (pork soup dumplings) and the noodles with scallion sauce!  We also tried their spicy beef and tendon & scallion pancake, both were equally delicious.
I came here absolutely excited. CASH ONLY. Ordered the ff:Siomai ($2.95 for 4) which really isn't since it's purely sticky rice insidePork soup dumpling - tasted regularScallion pancake ($4.95 for 3) - good, but oilyBeef and chili pepper noodles - okSpicy beef and tripe cold appetizer - okSoda ($1.50)The restaurant is huge and service is efficient, although I probably will never go here again since I am not used to eating Chinese without rice.
This is my go to XLB place.  My wife said this is the best XLB you will ever find.  She is from Shanghai, and has tried them all.  Parking in this area is a bit crazy.  And the parking lot between Union St. and Main St has gotten very expensive.
I'm probably a little biased in the review, because I ate at many of the best dumplings restaurants in Taiwan.  So, basically nothing can come close to the delicious dumplings restaurants in Taiwan.  I ate at Nan Xiang Dumpling House maybe over 100 times, since my office likes to order lunch there.  People go there to eat the Xiao Long Bao which taste good compare to what's available in the neighborhood.  A lot of times the skin will break and the soup will leak out. Once the skin break and the soup come leaking out, it doesn't taste as good.  The decor is very basis and the service is ok.  If you're looking to eat some decent tasting Xiao Long Bao, go to Nan Xiang.
Where has a place like this been all my life??  It has everything I crave from Taiwanese/Mandarin breakfasts and dim sum/lunch.  It has nian gao (stir fried rice cakes), (a bit oily, but all the better).  Perfectly done scallion pancakes, awesome sheng jian baos (pan fried pork buns).And most importantly, it has both sweet and salty fantuan (fan tuan, ,  --sorry, writing it in all variations so that someone who is searching for it can find it).  I have been searching for a good fantuan since I moved to New York five months ago.  I still cannot find one in the chinatown in Manhatttan.  If anyone reads this review and knows where to get fantuan in Manhattan, pleeeease message me!One star off because it doesn't take credit cards.  :(  Service is also a bit spotty, but I don't care because they have all the carb foods I ever crave.Super cheap as well.  Too much food for three people + a take home bag = 12 dollars a person.
This place is AWESOME! The soup dumplings are Magical! I've never had them before this place and it absolutely blew my mind knowing something this delicious existed! This place is a definitely a must try!
Mediocre at best. It is not worth a grueling train ride...- In the summer;- during rush hour;- with suspended express service.Unlike many places, Nan Xiang serves six soup dumplings instead of eight. While the dumplings themselves are decently sized, unfortunately I didn't find the meat or soup to be that flavorful. If you have to choose, the crab meat option trumps the pork only option. And whatever their reason for serving six, there are other places that serve eight which are made just as big or bigger.I was also disappointed by the Shanghai pan fried noodles. Usually, it's served with a variety of meats and vegetables, such as shredded pork, shrimp, shitake mushrooms, and leafy greens. Instead, I only found shredded pork and boy choy leaves. The noodles were hard and took effort to chew. While the noodles were flavorful and showed nice sear marks, the hardness was somewhat off-putting.But man, maybe my commute was so horrible, it ruined my experience. If you're thinking about going all the way out to Flushing for this, you might end up feeling disappointed, and you'll surely never want to take the 7 train again.
Used to be a really big fan of this place but started to decrease my liking of this place because of the wait. It grew so popular so every time I go, it's cramped and crowded. I usually come with a group of friends and the amount of food I order takes a long time to come. I really love their rice cake and soy milk. Must visit when you stop by in flushing for breakfast!
Price to hight ,is not worth Taste horrible look like you eat pastel with water Totally not recommended ,stay away ,use less spend money for expenses food taste and smell look like food froze 6 months time Employee talk launch and nit enjoy at all
In my opinion one of the top soup dumpling restaurants in the city. Although there are 3 separate sections of seating there is always a minimum 10 minute wait when i come here. I'm a huge fan of the beef stew, and the regular soup dumpings. For $15 per person you'll be really full and satisfied.
Five stars for amazingly delicious xiao long bao!!  Both the soup and meat are tasty.  You can watch the cooks prepare the dumplings as the kitchen is open to the dining area.  Actually, it doesn't look appetizing as they're working a huge mound of meat and I couldn't help but think about all the animals that were in it.... but after I bit into my first xiao long bao, any thoughts of becoming a vegetarian fled my mind.  They coming out streaming, fresh, and HOT!  You have to be careful to not chow down the entire dumpling because you'll scald yourself or (more importantly) drop some soup.  The store is nothing to look at and it takes about an hour to get here... but it's so worth it.  Highly recommend going here.
One of the greatest places in Flushing Queens. This was my virgin soup dumpling experience and it was awesome. Parking is close and service is quick and friendly. I'd take a picture of the soup dumplings, but we ate them so fast we forgot to take a picture. Also, get the scallion pancake beef sandwich. It is out of sight. Great kid option for less adventurous kids.
My 4th 5 star review. This place specializes in Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings). They are the best in the 5 boroughs and possibly in the United States. Nan Xiang is the district of Shanghai, China where soup dumplings were made famous. Having both of my parents being born and raised in Shanghai and having spent a significant portion of my life there as well, I feel that I am an authority on these thin-skinned purses of pork-filled goodness. THE TESTThe test of a great Xiao Long Bao is being able to pick it up with your chopsticks by the tip and not have the translucent skin tear under the weight of itself and spilling the precious soup inside. This is easier said than done as the perfect Xiao Long Bao must also have an extremely thin skin, almost like a wonton, that gradually thickens from bottom to top. Needless to say, it is all in the dough. Nan Xiang passes this test with flying colors, every time.THE MENUOther than the Xiao Long Bao, which is a must get, there are a variety of other small dishes on the menu. They are all done very well and the prices, needless to say, since it is Flushing, are dirt cheap. My friends and I stuffed ourselves to the brink of nausea for about $32 dollars, including a 15-20% tip. There are about 6 dumplings that come in one basket for $6 and I can eat about 2 baskets worth before I feel like I am 90% pork fat.THE SERVICEIt's Flushing so the service is not the greatest by American standards. Don't be afraid to yell at the waitstaff to come over. Yelling across the room in a restaurant of this class is not considered rude in Chinese culture, especially if you say please.VERDICTYou already know what I'm going to say. I've had countless xiao long baos in my life and these are some of the best, anywhere. Very lucky to have this place in town. I will definitely be coming back here and telling all my friends and family about it. The only drawback for me, at least, is that I live in Midtown and this place is in Queens so the commute is significant. For dumplings that are almost as good but not quite, my go to spot is Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan Chinatown. They have very good dumplings and are close by, but there is no doubt in my mind that the quality of Nan Xiang is superior.
If I could get a large helipad, tie this dumpling house to the bottom, lift it out of the never ever land that is Flushing, and set it down right across from my apartment, I would take a blank check, sign it, and give it to whoever could make this dream possible...and then I would probably have to sell my soul or my roommate's soul for some money to eat here. But oh would I eat here.Nan Xiang Dumpling House represents everything that is quintessential in a classic Shanghainese breakfast: Comfort, Quality, Affordability. Soup Dumplings: Fresh, tasty, juicy, these soup dumplings are some of the best around in the New York area. Not too much dough but not thin to the point that touching it causes it to burst. Scallion pancakes (add beef): Honestly, these are some of the best scallion pancakes I've ever had the pleasure of swallowing. Nice and crunchy, not too thick, not to doughy, and with an addition of beef, it just takes these pancakes over the edge. Definitely a must try.Soymilk w/ fried curlers: I grew up eating this but I feel like I've never come across this entree in NYC. Well, Nan Xiang has it, and they do it well. You can get the sweet version or the salty version or both but what you must not forget to add are the fried curlers. This is one of those comfort foods you eat and sip slowly amidst wonderful conversation, helps you take it slow :)Appetizers: There are some small eats that you can order. I honestly can't remember the english names but if you walk to the back near the counter, you'll see a display where they draw from. There is spicy beef tripe which is a classic as well as a dish that has tofu, mushrooms, bamboo shoots. I just made it sound really stupid and bland but if you go, try it, you will NOT be disappointed.When all is said and done, I don't think I've ever spent more than $15 here. And that's filling up on a lot of food. For the quality, you can't really beat the price. And that's good news cause now I can cut deals with people like buy my soul get my roommate's for free.
1. Crab meat xiao long bao - very juicy soup dumplings, flavorful2. Scallion pancakes - crispy, packed with scallion flavor, no soggy whatsoever3. Shanghai style fried udon - a bit on the salty soy sauce side, but very addictive. Must be MSG, only explanation I can think of.... =P (tea... more tea....)Wait time on a weeknight  was about 6-10 minutes. Not bad. But between serving people and takeout service, the place was very busy.Tea! I need more tea.....
Skin of soup dumpling a little thick. Fried dough fritter was authentic. The pan-fried bun also had a thick skin. Overall a 3 star.
This place makes good food although their xiao long bao is not good. Their cold dishes and qi cai hun tun are actually very good.
Absolutely Delish!!! The soup dumplings were so fresh. Also had spicy tripe with beef, pancake with beef and shu mai. It was different than what I'm accustomed to. It had sticky rice with ground pork. All very good. I'll be back.
Soup dumplings here delicious! Best spot to go to for them!
It was great, I had it longgggggg time ago,but never reviewed it. The dumpling was so tasty and juicy, it reminds me of my childhood. Its a must try when you come to Queens, NY.
Great soup dumplings.  The skin of the dumpling isn't very doughy but it's robust enough to hold the soup INSIDE the dumpling until I get to it not explode in a mess the minute I pick it up.Scallion pancake is very good and my preggers friend was craving their salt sticky rice rolll and they actually had some available!  Pretty good as well.  Washed it all down with some sweet soy bean milk and we were happy as pigs :)One thing I can't stand about this place is CASH ONLY!  Come on now!!!
I'm just going to keep it real - they show preference to Asian diners. They're never friendly. They rush you in and out. Frankly though, when a place has awesome food, I'll take a certain level of abuse. This isn't a fancy place by any means - its greasy, probably bad for you, but seriously delicious. Soup dumplings on point. Scallion pancakes with beef on point. Rice cake with beef on point. All my favorite things.
Lunch for 4....$30 including tip.This is ridiculous.They also have some of the BEST soup dumplings in the city. While you might not think that i know my soup dumplings...I organized a dumpling dump (crawl ...whatever), a few years ago and sampled some of the best dumplings in the city.I love Nan Xiang. It's great, the service is quick and it's soo cheap.You just need to get to Flushing to enjoy how delicious it really is.
Love this place...please get some duck....get some soup dumplings and take me with you!! Personally I find Nan Xiang's soup dumplings to be better than Joe's Shanghai. However, Joe's Shanghai has a more extensive menu, but seriously, if your looking to eat some good soup dumplings come here!! There rice cake noodles aren't as good as Joe's tho. Win some... you lose some.
Disclaimer, I'm from California where we have the infamous Taiwan international chain Ding Tai Fung and I was lucky enough to live in the same city as Ding Tai Fung, and was part of my weekly diet.  The NY Style XLB (xiao long bao)  just doesn't have the same appeal.  The skin is too rough and thick.  Fine delicate thin XLB skin at DTF is amazing and these just don't compare.  With that said, out of all NY XLB places, Nan Xiang is probably one of the best I've had.  The XLB soup dumplings with Pork & Crab is the usual choice.  It is juicy and filled with more soup.  Usually take a small bite to leak some of the soup out onto my spoon so you don't burn yourself from the piping hot soup.
I love this place. Best soup dumplings I've had. Not too fatty, good meat taste, although the skin was a bit thick this time around, hence the loss of a star. Also tried some of their salty dou jiang this time and it was fabulous. The jellyfish was okay.As many must have alluded to, be prepared to wait for a table. This place is super popular and there's a reason for it. Be patient and you'll get a wonderful meal. The service and decor isn't bad for an Asian place either, although they didn't put in our order for soup dumplings at first, meaning we had to wait another 10-15 minutes for them...
Sat down and immediately served green tea. Fast service. Tons of women in dumpling are preparing the dumplings fast. Place was packed. Pan fried dumplings with port were delicious. We ordered the scallion beef pancake based on recommendations here- it was good, but very greasy. I could have skipped that. We go the  chicken soup, which was very flavorful, but had some bines, so be aware. The shumai steamed dumplings with rice and pork were delish.  For two people we walked away stuff for $26 for dinner. It's no surprise this is the most popular place in the area. Parking is tough, but the is a municipal lot nearby for $0.25 for 10 minutes and parking garages for $3 per hour.
I think this is a standard shanghainese cuisine place. I come for the soup dumplings, both the pork and the pork+crab ones, both nice and juicy with super thin skins. I'd definitely recommend their soup buns. I also get their do fu hua (tofu), and it's pretty standard. Their crispy scallion pancake with beef slices is also pretty standard, nice and crispy, but nothing special. I'm satisfied with the food here, but it's not exceptional. I'd definitely come back (already been here 2-3 times) for the soup dumplings though!
This is my to go place for soup dumplings in Queens. During busy hours the line can get long but the place is deceptively big and the lines moves fast. soup dumplings come out piping hot making it almost worth it to burn your mouth biting into it as soon as it comes to your table. The prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food (and not to mention the taste!). I wouldnt give the service there 5 stars but i can overlook it for the pork and crab xia long bao.
Not worth the wait for a seat. Go elsewhere for the Soup Dumplings!!! Lately, their soup dumplings tasted awful. I heard rumor about their chef has left the restaurant - that would make sense. The skin on their Soup Dumplings were too thick that I couldn't finish eating it. The skin tasted like it can need some more cooking time. The soup and meat inside the dumpling did not taste good either. If were for the food on the menu are still good I would rate this a 1 star for Soup Dumplings.
Shanghai noodles and dumplings make for a great weekend dinner!  My husband and I spent a July weekend in Flushing sampling various restaurants.  We were going to eat in at Nan Xiang, but decided to take it to go when the wait for a table was long (it was a Saturday evening, so no surprises there!) We had the Shangai noodles, Scallion Pancake with beef and an order of dumplings.  All very tasty, though we wouldn't order the scallion pancake again.  We would definitely order double the Shanghai noodles.  Get there earlier in the day to get a seat or get takeout.  We are looking to go back there soon as there aren't too many place to get dumplings (or Shanghai noodles!) where we live.
The best soup dumpling in flushing! Wish they have a bit more food choices.
Very good. The soup dumplings are great and the Shanghai pan fried Udon noodles were good too. I felt very comfortable here and the service was good.
The xiao long baos were delicious! Cooked when you order so guaranteed freshness. The menu is really short so what they do have on the menu are their specialties. The beef noodle soup portion was a bit small but I could live with that. I came for the xiao long bao and that itself deserves 5 stars :)
The soup dumplings are epic. The beef and scallion pancakes are bit salty but really good too.
Food is great but wait service are not.  Man this lady was like snapping at me when I was ordering,   Sorry I can't speak Chinese.   A lot of my friends comes here, including fake Winnie,  yeah there was my friends doppelganger
Love this place. Has yummy soup dumplings, of course, but also very good Taiwanese breakfast. I usually get the salted soy milk, cold spicy beef and tripe, a pancake with beef, and a thing of soup dumplings. Cheap and yummy. Gets a little crowded on weekend lunchtimes.
The food here is really tasty and service is quite speedy. Everything I've had to eat here has thus far not disappointed. I would've gladly given the place 5-stars, but the waiters are not really a smiley bunch and feeling the warmth of the staff is important to me.
The best soup dumpling in Flushing. And a whole lot more. They are not a one hit wonder like that other place couple blocks away. This place is always busy and with good reason. Try it once, twice or as many times as you can :)
So delicious! The soups are great but so is the food, and price is just right. The place isn't too big so it can get crowded during lunch and dinner, but well worth the wait.
The BEST soupy pork dumplings in the entire New York City. It was flavorful, juicy, very very soupy and something to die for! And this is from a girl born and bred in Shanghai. HOWEVER, the soupy crab dumplings weren't as stellar. It wasn't as much crab meat and crab yolk as they would put in Shanghai.
I am addicted to their soup dumplings! The melted fat is so tasty that I can't think clearly as I drink up the soup. The scallion pancakes are consistently crispy and the seafood noodles delicious. Only negative is the potential wait times but that can't be helped if they're pumping out such yummy food.
For the value, this place gets an A+! I went for the pork dumplings and dang... you just can't go wrong with that.Next was the scallion pancake with beef which was probably super-good... the barbeque sauce was a little rich for my taste though... otherwise I'd give this 5 stars all the way. The sauce is probably just my problem.  Be careful though... they don't take credit cards!
Very traditional Chinese food, I think. This store has good reputation as a real Shanghai taste food. I tried dumplings and some fried rice with vegetables. Dim Sum is also a good choice for the customers who have never tried authentic Chinese food.
Came here last year and revisited the place again recently. They're quite consistent with their food. Ordered the scallion pancake with beef, xiao long bao, and siu mai. The xiao long bao didn't taste as over-seasoned as other Shanghai dumpling restaurants, which I actually preferred. The scallion pancake with beef was too thick and had minimal beef. The siu mai here is filled with rice and no meat, quite different from the standard siu mai.
I love this place by the way.  Every time I come back to NY, I come here for some 小籠包，雪菜肉絲面，豆漿.... Yum
king's from queens from queens come kings.  then of cause we eat on prince street....the soup dumplings your here for the soup dumpling!...........help what no english menu, ok i wii point!                                                            ........................next stop across the street a footsie massage, oh yea
Soup dumplings are the real reason I went. I'd say that it's comparable to Joe's. Their scallion pancakes were quite good as well. Most of their portions are a little small so I wasn't completely filled but it's a great place for a small meal.
So I worked from home today and decided to meet up with my friend to have lunch.Friend:  Do you want to go to Nan Xiang?  I want to try that place.  I hear they have good Xiao Long Bao.Me:  Egh that place isn't that good...So I drive to Flushing not knowing exactly where we will eat.Me:  Hey I just found parking, where do you want to meet?Friend:  Let's meet at Sunway.Me:  Okay!As I am about to get to Sunway.Friend:  Where do you want to eat?  Want to go to Joe's Shanghai?Me:  I thought you wanted to have Nan Xiang cause you never tried it before.Friend:  But you said it's not that good.Me:  Well I had it once and you never had it, so you should try it.So I get in and get a table for us.  We ordered the crab xiao long bao, pig ear in spicy sauce, scallion pancake with beef and spicy wonton dumpling.We ate all of this and then...Friend:  Joe's Shanghai is better.Me:  Funny thing is that was the exact same first thing I said when I tried this place.  This place is more expensive and the food isn't really much better.Then we ordered the pan fried noodles with beef.  This was actually pretty good.The service was much better today, they brought all of our food.  But they don't know when to clear plates or refill tea.  Still need to work on this.  Also the food is really not that good...
I can't even begin to show my love for this place!! Forget Joe's Shanghai! No, seriously, forget Joe's (at least the one in Flushing) cause they seem to have switched chefs and their food is quite awful now. Nan Xiang is definitely my go-to for authentic, high-quality Shanghainese cuisine, and this is coming from a Shanghainese girl who grew up eating this food. I've heard that the chef of NX actually worked at the famous eponymous soup dumpling restaurant in Shanghai so he uses the same techniques they use in Shanghai to hand-make these dumplings. Needless to say, you must try these or your life will never be complete. The shengjian bao (pan fried pork buns), cold cucumber/cilantro/garlic dish, liang mian huang (crispy pan-fried noodles -- I recommend getting it with pork), scallion pancakes, scallion noodles, and cold noodles are also delicious! In fact, try everything on the menu. It's Shanghai dimsum style so everything is dirt cheap. There is a reason this place has so many stellar yelp reviews. If you're ever in Flushing, you must must must give this place a try. (Just remember to bring cash!)Food: 5/5 -- delicious!Service: 4/5 -- attentive, helpful, and welcoming, though with so many customers, they do need a bit of a nudge sometimesAtmosphere: 4/5 -- neat and appealing; there's lots and lots of seating though it still does get crowdedOverall: 5/5 -- exceptional!
The soup dumplings were one of the better ones I've tried.  Also got the beef and chili pepper noodle soup, pretty good as well.  Really not sure about the cleanliness of this place as to the "grade pending" sign on the door but the food wasn't that bad for a late dinner.  Will be back for some more soup dumplings soon.
Food is okay and the service isn't that great. Ordered 3 crab soup dumplings and a beef scallion pancake and you would think they're hand making it cause it took about 45 to 55 minutes. Currently this place has a "C" rating... The seating is horrible. I had a table for two at a six table setting and sat us next to another party. Super awkward and there wasn't any space for me to eat.Also had pieces of crab shell in the crab dumplings
I have heard about this place enough times I had to try it. I got the steamed pork buns, salty sticky rice, shao mai, and dumplings in spicy chili and peanut sauce, all came up to about $19. I would definitely recommend the dumplings because they were big and tasted like heaven but not spicy. Everything else was pretty mediocre. They're steamed pork buns had a really thick wrapper reminded me of Joe's Shanghai which are also terrible. Overall everything I got was edible but the only thing worth traveling there for was the dumplings.
Once upon a time, I was absolutely in love with this place. Their dumplings were the best in the area. Now, I feel the skin has gotten thicker and the meat has shrunk. Also, competition pops up left and right in flushing. Ultimately, I would still go back if I'm in the neighborhood and the mood strikes. Otherwise I will stick to Kung fu, which is walking distance for me.
You neeed this place.  The beef and tripe dish is rediculous!  The crab and pork buns... daaaaammmnnn ... I wanna bathe in that juice that squirts out (no homo) :)  ... Go there!  Tell em Castro sent you.
Food rating:  4.5 starsCourtesy of a foodie friend, Dan H., he brought myself, bf, and another friend to this place to get soup dumplings.  There was about a 15 to 20 minute wait before we sat down.There were 4 of us, and we ordered the following family style:1) Sweet Soy Bean Milk (hot) - 3 of us ordered this.  YUM!2) Salty Soy Bean Milk (hot) - my bf ordered this.  He thought that it was lacking flavor (as compared to the ones that he gets in his hometown in California).  He wasn't too impressed with it, and stated that he would probably not get it again next time.yelp.com/user_local_phot…3) Pork & cabbage noodle soup - YUM!yelp.com/user_local_phot…4) Beef chili pepper noodle soup - YUM! - tad bit salty and tad bit too much oil on top but still good!yelp.com/user_local_phot…5) Beef wrapped in scallion pancake - I personally liked the crunch.  Bf stated that he would have preferred more scallions.yelp.com/user_local_phot…6) Salt sticky rice roll - Good - as expectedyelp.com/user_local_phot…Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings):7) Steamed pork and crab meat buns - YUM! - yelp.com/user_local_phot…8) Steamed pork buns - YUM!This place is VERY cheap.  Everything listed above came out to about $36!Note:  This place is also noted in the 2010 Michelin Guide.  However, noted as the Noodle House.I would definitely return again, especially for the soup dumplings (steamed pork & crab meat buns)!
Came here for soup dumplings--the service was crap--and the other foods were ok...I've certainly had better elsewhere--but the soup dumplings at least were fairly good...can't say much else about this place. If i come here--I guess I'll be ready for the lacking service and just order the soup dumplings
They have the best soup dumplings ever... be careful because they come out steaming hot. When you bite into them it is just full of goodness that fulfills every craving!Soooo good!
So apparently this place is THE spot to go to in queens for soup dumplings but I have to disagree. The place is dirty, found a hair in my noodle with scallion sauce dish, I asked for a glass of water and it had grease stains floating on top and grease stains on the entire table and utensils. They forgot to bring my friends order of fried pork buns and when we complained they brought the wrong dish and started making up excuses saying that their English is not too good. The food is alright but once you see how dirty the place is and find hairs in your dish, you simply can't enjoy it. We pretty much paid for crappy food and crappy service
First time at this restaurant.  Came here at 1pm on a weekday and it wasn't crowded. The restaurant has three sections - a little confusing when meeting people here. Anyways, we ordered 2 crab soup dumplings,  1 beef scallion pancake,  1 spicy tendon, 1 Shanghai stir fried udon, 1 salted soy bean& sticky rice and 1 noodle soup.  All this for $52 with tips.  Not bad for the price and everything was tasty!  Staff was friendly and attentive. Restaurant looks clean. Will definitely come back!
Don't come here expecting your standard carry out fare. That's not what's on the menu at this delicious and more than affordable spot for delectable Shanghai cuisine. We have been no fewer than six or seven times in the last year alone and constantly bring friends each time who've all loved it as much as we have. Favorites include of course their namesake, the soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, pork and veggie wontons with spicy peanut sauce, Shanghai Udon fried noodles, crispy noodles with pork, beef and chili pepper soup, garlic cucumbers, and so forth. I've yet to be disappointed either in quality or price. Service is perfunctory and direct but gets the job done. Our favorite Chinese restaurant hands down. So glad they've recently expanded! Cash only so be prepared.
Delicious soup dumplings and rice cakes but also try the shrimp dumplings in sour broth..very unique..nice clean restaurant with friendly service
Not my favorite spot but def my top 3 dumpling spot. Reasonable price and delicious. Wish they spoke better English tho.
Been hearing about this place non-stop from all of my Asian friends, so I decided to go there recently for some veggie dumplings. Very non-descript store front. In fact, I don't even think their sign is written in English (not surprising for Flushing). The only reason I knew it was Nan Xiang was because of some of the Michelin posters taped to the windows of the restaurant, which were in English. Went in, and it was definitely packed as I went in right around the peak lunch hour. Decor was minimal and a bit tacky. There were people milling around the front desk, so it was hard to get up there to order take-out.Once I did get to the front, though, it was pretty confusing. I asked, twice, about the difference between the hand-made dumplings and the steamed veggie dumplings. Hostess had no idea what the difference was, and only proceeded to tell me that they were "out" of the hand-made dumplings. She later corrected herself and said that they don't have those in the restaurant anymore. Okayyy, then why is it on your menu still?? In any case, I gave her my order for veggie dumplings and handed her my credit card, only to be told that they only accept cash. I then proceeded to wait over 15 minutes for 6 dumplings--not cool. Not sure if it was because they were veggie dumplings, and hardly anyone probably orders them in Flushing, but whatever the reason, it was a long wait for such a small order.I finally went back to my office with dumplings in hand. They were pretty hot, and I could tell, fresh. But they oddly smelled of pork. Not sure if I can ever trust restaurants in Flushing to keep out all meat products in veggie dishes, but what the hey. Dumplings were just ok, nothing to rave about. For $6, I was expecting a LOT more especially from a place this hyped up. If you eat meat, this would probably be a good place, but no good for this vegetarian.
While helping a friend move out of the area one day I knew it would be a while before I had another chance to come back here. I called ahead of time to place an order for a couple dozen soup dumplings and pork buns and it took about 45 minutes for the order to be filled. While I waited in the restaurant it was nice to see the all the dumplings being made right in front of you.   I'm torn between giving them 3 & 4 stars the dumplings were great(not the best I've had) and it took forever to get the order. All in all a solid dumpling spot. It's very popular so expect a wait to be seated. Unfortunately I can't comment on too many other aspects of the restaurant since I only did take out. I would go back to dine in and experience some other dishes but for take out I might try a different spot.
Their service isn't the best but it sure is fast. One like weekends or nights there's usually a long line so if you want to come here, try and beat the rush. They only accept cash only, and you definitely have to order the xiao long bao when you come here given this place is made for it.
10:30pm Friday night = busy but NO WAIT and quick service!+ pork and crab soup dumplings + jellyfish appetizer dish+ crispy noodle with shredded chicken+ iced sweetened soy milkThe soup dumplings lived up to their reviews. The jellyfish dish was cold and chewy, in a good way. The crispy noodle came covered in a lot of sauce but didn't taste that way. Really enjoyed the food (and the soy milk)!  Yum, definitely prefer this place over Joe Shanghai's!
I love the food here. We always get an order of each soup dumpling, an order of scallion pancakes and pork rice cake. Yummy. The place is pretty fast paced but the food delivers. Prefer it over joes shang hai
Today was a Non-Football afternoon. I did not know what to do, but I knew that some delicious food was in order. With my desires to try a new place and my list of bookmarks, Nan Xiang Dumpling House was on top of my list.It amazes me still to this day how one place is packed and the place next door, two tables only. Nan Xiang had about a 10 to 20 minute wait this afternoon and a constant flow of guests waiting on line.Crab & Pork Steam DumplingsAfter reading reviews from Yelp Nation I was educated in the proper procedure in enjoying this wonderful dish. Small bite, then slurp, slurp and enjoy. No longer will I be in pain from hot juices exploding in my mouth. The mixture was lite and soft in texture with a thin skin. It was delicious with lite flavors. I know that when I have a good dumpling I get that warm feeling of something good.Wontons in Spicy SauceI am not a big fan of peanut sauce. The menu said it was spicy, so, why not. It was a very light and creamy sauce with a small kick to it. The order came with 8 small wontons that held up to the sauce. It was a delicate taste with lots of flavor.Peppers with Beef Noodle SoupSimple dish, but well executed. Shredded Beef with slice jalapeno peppers in a beef base broth with noodles. Broth had flavor, but not over powered by spiciness. Beef tender and peppers had the kick. The noodles gave it the texture and soften the spice of the peppers. Nice dish.Cash only. No biggie since it is very cheap.I can see why this place had a wait. Lots of good food at a very cheap price point. I love food that is simple and executed right. What can I say. I am a cheap date........
Great pork and shrimp dumplings. Fast service and not crowded. Broth in dumplings was rich and delightful.
Be prepared to wait in line no matter what time you go but it is worth the wait. I stopped counting how many times we have been here, maybe 20+? The dumplings are worth the hype and earned all four of those Michelin Ratings they received, and I am sure it will not be their last Michelin. But it's not just the dumplings, their spicy beef soup with noodles is to go "cracky" over. There is a part of me that can't wait for winter just so we can go here and get their soups; nothing like a perfectly, spicy hot soup on a cold winter day. As far as I am concerned, this is THE best Dumpling Restaurant in Flushing.
It was okay. But there's too many smokers inside and out. The food was okay. Could've gone to a nearby bakery. The wait is okay. Everything is okay.
I loved my crispy seafood noodles and soup dumplings. The dumplings come pretty hot; let them cool before taking a mouthful.
This is one of the popular restaurants for a long time! It had expanded from one store to three! My experience has been all pleasant until I saw something unexpected in my food. Yes, inside my food! The servers just shook their head and left .. Since then I have not return....
I was sooo excited to try this place since I'm a soup dumpling addict and we made a special trip out to Flushing for them. The flavor was there (ordered the pork and crab), but alas the dough was too thick! Not the thin and delicate ones that I was hoping for. Maybe it was an off batch bc people who know soup dumplings have recommended this place to us...On the plus side there was plenty of soup in the dumplings, and they were pretty huge compared to what we are used to in LA. It wasn't the mind blowing experience I was looking for, expectations possibly ran too high.
Food was very good.  Highly recommended..Make sure to try the lamb chops!
Went for here for dinner based on all the positive reviews. The soup dumplings were really good. Nice watching the staff prep dumplings. The udon seafood noodles were delicious as well. Food came out fast! The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is based on the fact that wait staff took my plate of noodles away from me before I was even finished eating it and no one checked up on us to see how everything was. It's also cash only so be sure to hit the ATM before heading there.
The dumplings were great.  Very comparable to restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley (California)  We ended eating here two nights in a row (food was quite good and reasonable).  Looking forward to our next visit to Flushing.
Their hot soy milk is delightfully lightly sweetened. The leek empanada has a crispy crust and juicy filling, but is a little salty. And their soup dumplings are tender and gushing with savory soup. On a Thursday early morning, the wait staff was unusually chipper for a Chinese restaurant.
Soup dumplings, I love you. I've heard and seen so many good reviews about this place so when he said he was craving soup dumplings from Nan Xiang specifically, I was happy to comply. We arrived late Saturday night and to my relief, there was no wait (we were starving!). We ordered the pork and the crab dumplings, scallion pancake with sliced beef and noodles with scallion sauce. The pancakes came out first. It is basically  a sliced beef sandwich with hoisin sauce, similar to how you would eat Peking duck. Not the best scallion pancakes I've ever had, but it was still delicious. The noodles were next. It is listed under "Noodle Soup," so it wasn't quite what I expected because there was no soup to be had at all, but it had good flavor (especially after adding a bit of the hot oil that was provided).Then, finally - the main event: dumplings! Served piping hot, they were the stars of our meal. I've always preferred the pork version over the crab at Joe's Shanghai; I felt the same here as well. Both are delicious though; I'd definitely say try it at least once. As we were eating, I saw that the table next to us had ordered dumplings that were coated in hot oil... Ooh, what is that?! It's on my list of must-try's for next time.
The first time is always special. Amy S. and I were the two lucky lucky girls who got to take Evan R.'s first time (not once, but twice!). Because Amy is the expert, she took the lead in instructing Evan in placing the warm sack of meat known as the soup dumpling. He gently cradled the dumpling and gingerly bit into the thin skin. Amy warned him of the warm juices that would overflow from the sack of meat and it quickly filled his mouth. His eyes widen slightly in fear because he didn't know what to do.Amy commanded, "Swallow!"I don't know what it is, but there's always in inverse relationship between the height of an Asian girl and bossiness. Anyway, you should always do what Amy S. demands. Or there might be consequences . . . .We ate other stuff too, but I can't remember them. Maybe Amy will SHOUT the other dishes we had. Garrett P. may or may not have been watching the entire time.After the soup dumplings, we took Evan for another Asian experience involving balls. Little black ones. He enjoyed it. Very much.
It's all about the soup dumplings. Better than all the others in New York. Just the right amount of "soup". Just the right flavor. You get six to an order. And the only issue is how many orders to get. The scallion pancake with beef is excellent too.
Having been dulled by the lackluster authentic Chinese food living in Manhattan, it's been hard for me to discern what is quality anymore. Whenever my parents come into town to visit, I use them as a barometer as to what is authentic and good - considering they still live in the Bay Area with frequent trips to Asia.Color me impressed when my parents gushed about how good the dumplings were here. Both the regular pork and the the ones with crab were good but I always prefer the flavor-packed crab option. And at $5.50-6.50 for 6, you just can't beat the price especially at this quality.The Pan Fried Pork Buns are also good but these are the thick skinned bao-like variety. My parents noted that this wasn't as good as the ones near our home in the Bay. I wouldn't recommend the Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce, as the spicy sauce is composed mostly of a sesame-seed paste flavor as opposed to the usual spicy sauce I prefer and have had before.A good accompaniment to the dishes is a bowl of soy milk with crispy dough to dip in. I always get the sweet one but my dad prefers the salty one. Both are worth trying but this is one of those divisive things that people will usually prefer one over the other.Lines can build fast in the morning so you might have to wait a bit but it is worth it.
This place is so good... one of the best soup dumplings spots in the nyc area. The service is a little iffy, but the food makes up for it.
First meal, after landing in NYC. Ate the xiaolongbao by biting open a hole and pouring the black vinegar + sliced ginger vinegar inside with a tiny spoon. They were very well-made. Also ordered the stirfried rice cakes and a soybean dish. Classics--simple and very good. Hope to go back again!
The xiao lung bao is delicious. Whether it's crab meat or pork you can't go wrong. The girlfriend likes it = I like it. It's reasonably priced as well.
There was a line going out the door, but definitely worth the wait. Tasted exactly like the dim sum I've had in Shanghai - the crab steamed buns are absolutely delicious.
this place is slamming. Best soup dumpings in the 5 boroughs. Enough said. I wish I can come here for breakfast. But I would have to wake up at 630am to get there at 8am. errr. first world problems.
If this place was just a little closer to Manhattan... The soup dumplings are out-of-this/world fantastic and so is the scallion pancake. It's super cheap which makes up for the pretty poor service.
This place was DELICIOUS.  We ate until we just couldn't hold anymore, and they just kept coming by with MORE.  Abundance wasn't the word.  Delicious, reasonably priced (for the amount of food and beverage consumed), and fantastic.  A hidden gem in Queens!
I love this place enough to make the 2 hour round trip out to flushing every month. The crispy noodles are well-fried with tasty vegetables and meat accompanying it, but the standout here is the xiao long bao. The skin is on the thicker side, but it has a pleasant chewy texture and isn't just doughy. The filling is meaty and juicy, just bursting with flavor. The crab ones are especially good, and have that sweet seafood taste to them. They're definitely among the best I've had in my life (din tai fung being the other competitor). The hot soybean milk + youtiao aren't bad either, and the scallion pancakes are pretty good. The only downside is that the restaurant sometimes gets really crowded and this results in food being slow coming out, and also having to elbow-to-elbow with strangers. Still, the fantastic xlbs are worth the trouble.
Food 3Service 1.5Ambiance 2O/all 2I was so disappointed.  I drove far and paid a boatload of tolls to taste the supposedly better chinese food in flushing...big fail.  Grade inflation here.Things to note:1/ honestly, not that inexpensive especially considering portion sizes2/ staff is terrible3/ cramped, loud, and not too clean...but that is ok as one expects it for chinese4/ a lot of items run out5/ the soup dumplings are on par with area but fail compared to the bay area, and (of course) asia or Ding Tai Fung6/ municipal lot across the street is convenient7/ cash only8/ some food was bland
Some of the best soup dumplings, red oil dumplings and fried rice cakes I have ever had.  And for that price, it really can't be beat.  It is almost always crowded there, but the staff are efficient, so it's usually a bearable wait.  For the price and quality of the food though, it is worth it, even if it is cramped and service is subpar.
For many, dumplings are immediately praised as soul food.  It's a staple that has been adopted and adapted by Jewish/Southern/Italian/Chinese and other grandmas worldwide.  But for me, doughy things that are usually steam/soup based often simply taste like doughy things that have been too-long steamed or boiled.   I prefer tactile challenges, and punchy flavors... nothing mushy and boring and diffused in flavor.But every once in a while, minds can be changed.  This takes a bit of artisanal wizardry.  The lovely ladies at Nan Xiang are such wizards.  There's a core filling, such as pork or crab, melded into a patty worthy of it's own, separate consumption.  This resides, like a yolk, inside a small measure of soup, which itself is suspended in a dough sack that's steamed to fertile perfection.The challenge to all those present is to scoop up these steamy balls from the communal area and deliver them to your plate without spilling the precious liquid/protein confluence.  If you do it right, you earn the right to suck the whole thing down from an undersized spoon.  But if you err, the seeds get spilled everywhere.I might be wrong by alluding to possible testicular analogies, but China does have a billion people and the world's oldest cuisines.... there are bound to be parallels.They do serve a lot of other things besides dumplings, but this seems to be their signature dish.  So grab a pair (or six) and simply enjoy the experience.
I finally visited Nan Xiang to checkout for myself the hype about their soup dumpling.We ordered the soup dumpling and pan fried pork buns even before my buns touched the seat.To feed our hunger we ordered a rice cake & pan fried u-don as starters.After we finished the two dishes the soup dumpling finally came out (30+ minutes).Two of us ate:+  Rice Cake with Shredded Chicken ($6.95)- Tasty but greasy. The bottom of the plate was a pool of oil.  Rate 3/5. +  Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don ($6.95)- Tasty & salty. The small amount of shredded pork in the dish is almost nonexistent!  Rate 3/5.+  Pan Fried Pork Buns ($5.50)- Tasty & a good size. The bottom is nicely fried but the bun count is only 6 and costs considerably more than Chinatown, Manhattan. I'm accustomed to the 8 per order.  Rate 4/5.+  Steamed Pork Buns (soup dumpling) ($5.50)- Very good but only a count of 6. Is it better than the best Chinatown dumpling houses? No, it is about the same!  Rate 4/5.Total rating: 3.5/5. Note1: Service is not the best I have experienced. The waiters are not too responsive; must be the language barrier!Note2: If you live in Queens go to Nan Xiang in Flushing for your soup dumplings. If you live in the other boroughs it is not worth the long trip into Flushing. You can get the same quality in Chinatown, Manhattan. Save on travelling time and get bigger portions in Manhattan.
I actually really liked the soup dumplings here a lot.  Fortunately when we got here, there weren't that many people.  Unfortunately we had an incompetent server.We came here as a table of four with my bf's brother's wifey who spoke mandarin.  I'm not sure what took so long but the table next to us came in later and definitely got their food first.  We watched our server like a hawk, and I guess she pulled the short stick that day because all she was doing was refilling stuff.  Maybe she doesn't know how to bring food to a table because someone else gave us the food.  She never checked on us until we asked someone else for the check.  How rude.  We joked about the soy milk since they had the sweet and salty.  Do you know what makes the soy milk salty?  Yea, their crappy service and attitudes apparently...
Made the trek from Brooklyn to try their crab and pork  dumplings. They were ok. They were lighter and less flavorful that Joe's Shanghai in which my opion is a better deal. If you live in the Flushing area then I would go but not worth the one hour train ride. Didn't think too much of the Shu mail
All of the Michelin Awards plastered all over the restaurant  gave me great hope. While I wasn't completely disappointed, I wasn't totally impressed. The dumplings were pretty good tonight (we had the pork and crab and the veggie dumplings)... but they weren't awesome (and, most came fused to the wooden steamer vessel.. so when we used the tongs to pick them up, all of the lovely juices vomited out. We also had noodle soup (beef and pork chop). The broth was great for both but overall, I would not go there for anything but the dumplings.At the end of it all, I still left with the drying MSG sensation in my mouth. So, good but not great.
One of the best Xiao Long Bao place around! And best thing is they open earlier than other restaurant which offer Xiao Long Bao. Located close to the public parking space and also LIRR train station.
I'd heard tons of good things about Nan Xiang, including that it can be considered even better than the Din Tai Fung (chain from Taiwan), so I had to swing by and try it. On a weeknight, there was no wait and we were able to get seated right away. We ordered the steamed pork buns and the steamed pork & crab buns, along with the beef crispy noodles. XLB: not the best ever, I think the skin is a little too thick. XLB are supposed to be delicate, and these definitely were not. This is also nitpicky, but the meat to "space between the meat and skin" ratio is a little too much. I also could also barely taste the crab in the pork & crab xlbs... not worth the extra buck.Crispy noodles: your standard "dry" chow mein. It was good but nothing particularly different about it. Overall, Nan Xiang is a decent place to come to for Shanghainese/Cantonese, but I wasn't impressed.
Really good Chinese food! All of our food was great and the service was good. I would definitely recommend this place to others.
The best soup dumplings in flushing. The major difference between the dumplings from here and Joes Shanghai I find are these aren't as salty and taste much fresher. Don't get me started on their cold appetizers, I can eat the spicy beef and tripe all day long and twice on sundays. I like the gluten appetizer as well, i'm not a  vegetarian but something about it I find very comforting. Noodles can tend to be on the greasy side but I came to a chinese restaurant so It better be greasy as those are my expectations, Who wants a dry ungreasie noodle anyways. Scallion pancake with beef is the only thing I am not a big fan of, I find the pancake to have the right amount of drippy oil but too fluffy for my taste. I come here often and find the service to be what I expect for flushing. I love how when you sit down they ask you how many dumplings you want because let's not kid ourselves, that is the main reason for coming here.
Excellent soup dumplings. The crab XLBs are very different from the regular nanxiang XLBs. I can't get enough of this stuff. 20% of the time I've come here, the skin of the XLB adhered to the paper, which caused a small tear in the dumpling when you try to lift it up. The tear causes soup to spill out, which really sucks, but this doesn't happen often. Still, worth it. Just be gentle when picking the XLBs up.
I'd never had soup dumplings before visiting this place and it certainly satisfied my curiosity. The service was great. We arrived early, which was a good idea because a line had started to form when we left at 10:30 on a Saturday. The scallion pancakes with beef are phenomenal. Don't miss those.
This place is great! The soup dumplings are delicious. Honestly, you need to try it. They even have homemade soymilk. This place is super authentic.
My favorite Xiao Long Bao joint of all time! I'm rarely ever in the Queens area for food.. but when I am, you can find me here! They've extended their restaurant space so the wait for seats aren't too long.. so don't fret! I always dread the search for a parking spot and wait for seats but it'll definitely be worth it!The broth in the soup dumplings are so damn delicious! So good with the vinegar-ginger-soy sauce. I can easily eat an entire order of these myself! Along with the soup dumplings, I like to order the Scallion Pancake with the sliced beef, the rice cakes with pork and any of their soup noodle options.
One order of the pork Xiao Long Bao comes in six, so you're going to want to order one order per person because like Pringles "Once You Pop, You Can't Stop" and sharing these yummy dumplings may not be enough because they are tiny. Each six had their own uniqueness to them:1) The first one was like connecting with all the hundred yelpers on here that say it is so good, agreed, it was so good. I been to Joe Shanghai but it was years ago and the taste forgotten. I don't think this was a reminder of it, just anewing. The first one was like testing the water to see the temperature, bit into it and some of the yummy broth dripped onto the plate, I quickly sucked up the remaining broth still left in the dumpling and giggled. Quickly popped the rest in my mouth, darn good!2) The second one, I followed what I have read in other reviews: " just pop the whole thing in your mouth and bite on it", like an explosion in my mouth, literally. It was steaming and the deliciously flavored broth just bursts mixing in with the soft and slightly chewy dough and the pork. One popped the broth gushing to the cheeks and caught me in the throat. What a simple yet mind and taste pleasing wonder.3) The third one didn't make it! Like an over packed water balloon, the third one popped on me. I must have squeezed too hard because I was using chopsticks to push them onto the spoon. I'm like -oh no-, it's like when you're eating ice cream and the scoop of ice cream accidentally rolls off on the ground, you really wanted to finish it though! Darn, I pop the salvaged dough in my mouth, eat the pork separately and slurp the remaining broth from my plate. Each one is so delicious, you can't even let one escape.4) As for the rest, I thought the texture of the dough was very good, very thin and soft. The dough had a light chewy texture but then it is smoothed out by the broth. The broth itself has a very light flavor to it but it is a natural made broth goodness and it packs a burst of yum. That in itself is a contradiction, a light flavored broth giving such great taste, like an ant carrying a hundred times it's own weight. The pork inside is very good as well, not meaty but a well flavored ground down chew that makes the whole combination of these dumplings awesome.These are really fun and delicious to eat. I didn't like the vinegar sauce that came with it, it gave the dumplings a bad taste in my opinion, I would have preferred some Sriracha chili sauce but then it might ruin the flavor, I think it's best on it's own, just like you don't need A1 sauce on a good steak. If I worked in the area, this would be lunch 4 days out of the week. I would give this place a 5 star rating but I am sure there are better out there, with a larger better dining area (though Nan Xiang tables are clean and comfortable). The line was not too long on a Saturday night, a twenty minutes wait but then eight people came right after, the wait period depends.
Sunday with a party of 8 during peak lunch hours: pretty good experience.We sat at the very front next to the door and in front of the window. Besides the hungry people waiting in line and watching us eat, and the occasional draft of crisp air, we had a good time. I've never been a super fan of their soup dumplings, but I know everyone else loves them. The skin and broth are good, but I'm not as enthusiastic about the slight ginger (?) taste in the filling.We also ordered scallion pancakes and shanghai pan fried udon. The noodles were okay.  Next time I'll try the nian gao. It looked really good compared to the udon.They did separate checks for us, which many places refuse to do. They gave us the option without asking. Considering the amount of people in the restaurant, we had good service. Tea refills and food were timely. For soup dumpling enthusiasts, make sure to drop by and give them a try.
Wow not really sure what the hype is, this place is really big and pretty busy. Ordered the soup dumplings, fried dumplings and rice cake with shredded pork and preserved cabbage. The soup dumplings lack flavor, the fried dumpling skin was thick and doughy, and the rice cake was bland and has a tasteless veggie that was preserved cabbage. The only really great thing is the municipal lot right across the street.
known for the BEST xiao long bao (steamed soup dumplings) in NYC?well they aren't the best XLB's i've ever had but they're pretty good and MUCH better than Joe's Shanghai in chinatown!! ----(6 dumplings per order) the soup of the steamed pork dumplings wasn't too salty & the dumplings were bigger in size! the skin was thin (which is always a big bonus)----green onion pancakes: nice crispy outside but too much of a chewy mochi texture inside, i prefer mine with more flaky layers (ordered it with & without beef)----cold spicy beef & tendon: SPICY & tasty----complimentary tea like any other chinese restaurant aroundCASH ONLY
This place has the best Soup Dumplings. They make them just enough soup inside so they are not too dry inside or overfilled. The soup inside is very tasty and runny not too thick. The dumplings never stick on the bamboo steamer which is the most important of all. If the dumpling stick, when pick it up from the bamboo steamer, it will break and soup will leak.The only negative thing about this place is the staff are not too friendly and do not understand English well.
The dumplings here are really good if you eat it hot in store. Try not to take it might become 3 stars when it's cold. I would definitely go back again.
After reading great reviews and hearing recommendations from co-workers and friends, we had to try this dumpling house!We arrived Sunday at 1:30PM.  It was still very crowded.  We waited about 15-20 minutes b/c we only needed a table for 2.  For a larger group, it probably would have been longer.Hooray for GREAT PRICES and vegetarian options.  However, I must say the meat ones are probably so much better, since it's the staple.  *tear*  I feel my Chinese roots crying.We had:Crispy Dough  $1.50Salty Rice Roll (includes meat, pickled veggies, and crispy dough.  We asked for no meat and they happily accomodated)  $2.50Vegetable Dumplings  $4.95 i thinkAn enjoyable experience.  Affordable, friendly-enough, fast service.
Damn these dumplings are good. Soup dumplings from scalding heaven. No wonder there is always a line.. Cheap and awesome. Also their beef noodle soup was unreal.
Okay, so I didn't realize that soup dumplings literally have soup inside the dumpling.  I was pleasantly surprised to taste the burst of flavorful liquid when biting into a soup dumpling... unless of course you end of bursting the dumpling before it reaches your mouth.  I can't help but wonder how these dumplings are made... I digress.I checked out Nan Xiang for a late lunch with my visiting 9 year-old sister, a foodie-in-the-making.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings (took me a while to find them on the menu as they are simply listed as dumplings), the spicy beef and tripe and scallion pancakes.The soup dumplings were tasty, but the highlight for me was the beef and tripe dish.  My goodness!  Served cold, perfectly textured tripe, delicious beef and the spicy was on point!  My little sister agreed it was good, but it was way too spicy for her to eat.  So I enjoyed as much of it as I could, before decided to take the rest home for the next day's lunch.  So good!  The scallion pancake was my little sister's favorite.  It was so good we ordered another order, and also ended up taking most of that order home as well.  The scallion pancake at Nan Xiang is definitely unlike others I've had.  It was not as eggy as I expected, but it was more of a pastry.  The texture was amazing and the flavor was just right. I would definitely go back to Nan Xiang, but I can't say I'd go out of my way just for the soup dumpling, but definitely for the spicy tripe and scallion pancake.
I come here a lot, and the food was sub par for a while, but it has been getting better. Service is still bad. We ordered a soup halfway in our meal and they completely forgot about us
So I swore I wasn't going to go back to Nan Xiang Dumpling House after the first time because I was not happy with the service, at all. I am used to brusk service, I live in Chinatown! HA! Anyways....the portion size seemed to have improved a bit. The first time I went here, I couldn't believe how TINY the FRIED TINY BUNS were. I was in shock how TINY they are! ha! I mean TINY BUNS are small but Nan Xiang had the tiniest of them all! This time they were more normal sized. I dont know what happened. And they listened to me when I asked the waitress to make it well done....She first looked at me with puzzlement....I said can you cook the Fried Tiny Buns LONGER...I tried to even stretch out the word verbally and used my hands to demonstrate longer!! ha! HEY it worked...it came out crunchier! Yay! I didn't even take off my coat and I wanted to order ASAP because they are infamous for taking forever to get the food to you. Thank goodness we ordered noodles too because the soup dumplings took FOREVER, over an hour. What if we didn't have enough soup dumplings and wanted to order more after eating the first round of soup dumplings? Then you would probably wait another 45 minutes to an hour for one steamer of soup dumplings. That is crazy. Why do we have to wait so long when it was not crowded because it was way past lunch time by the time we were eating...I mean there were empty tables!  Their soup dumplings which were smaller the first time I went here improved in size this time, thank goodness! Maybe they had a different person making the first time? Or unless they decided to make it bigger because I swore they were smaller. It pissed me off the first time. Personally ordering multiple orders at once means the soup dumplings underneath the first bamboo steamer will get cold...I dont like cold soup dumpings. I like it PIPING HOT. Because Nan Xiang takes forever....it seems like you will have to know how many soup dumplings you want before you sit down....ORDER RIGHT AWAY!!!!!!!! If you wait until you read the menu and then order.....FORGET IT...IT WILL BE DYING OF STARVATION. Trust me even if you order RIGHT AWAY...it will be some time before you see the soup dumplings...you have to order other food....which sucks because all I wanted was soup dumplingsI wonder if I can call when I leave my place heading to Nan Xiang and say...hey I am coming to have your soup dumplings to stay in....can I order it now so when i get there....I wont have to wait long!! :-\To me the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang are just as good as the other places I go to in Manhattan Chinatown. So unless I was in Flushing anyways, I wouldn't go out of my way...it's just as good elsewhere. I can get brusk service that ignores me and takes forever anywhere else in Chinatown!
The fish and cabbage soup is insanely good and I've never found it anywhere else. The soup dumplings are the best in NYC. What more can I say? Have come here five or six times and have always had good food, good service and a super small tab. How often can you have four people eat a delicious meal at a Michelin recommended restaurant for $28.00? The place is crowded, there's sometimes a line, the bathrooms are never clean, there's about as much atmosphere as there is at a Motel 6 lobby, but the food is so good who cares! MMM MMM MMM!!!!This is the perfect food for a chilly day. So good, so inexpensive, and so satisfying!!!
Nan Xiang is a consistently solid restaurant serving some of the most popular Shanghainese dishes, though not special enough to warrant a trek from Manhattan to Flushing for it alone. In terms of xiaolongbao, Joe's Shanghai is just as tasty and has more delicate skin. The sheng jian bao satisfied my craving but again was just good, not great. Both were oversized compared to what I'm used to, so be prepared if you're coming with just one other person. The fuqi fei pian was excellent, even though Nan Xiang is a Shanghainese restaurant, and uses big slices of beef and tripe. I could've eaten it all day. I've also tried their fan tuan, scallion pancakes, and cold soy milk before too, which were all decent. I would come here more if it weren't so far away.
OK let me join the great Nan Xiang vs Joe Shanghai Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling) debate. So after all these great reviews and all the hype over Nan Xiang's soup dumplings I had to come over and give it a try. I've tried a few times before but couldn't justify the wait time for something I knew I could get elsewhere. With much anticipation I bit into the dumpling and tasted what I expected to be soupy goodness. It was good, but wasn't Great or nearly THE BEST EVER!  What are all these people talking about "Cleaner" and "Lighter" ?!?!?!?! I don't want my Soup Dumplings to taste "CLEAN!" or "LIGHT!" I want them GREASY and FATTY!!!!!!!!  Greasy and Fatty means MORE TASTE! Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown has pretty clean and light soup dumplings with a fluffier skin. I'd even say they were better than Nan Xiang. The scallion pancakes here weren't nearly as good as Joe Shanghai too. The Pancake with beef was pretty disappointing too. Maybe everyone's a health nut these days, but why are you getting soup dumplings to begin with?! I say go for GREASY and FATTY soup dumplings at Joe's or eat Kale. haha yes... I do have moderately high cholesterol... =(... haha
I'm not too sure what i can add to this place that hasn't already been said.The dumplings are super flavorful.  The beef scallion pancakes are really a stand out. Other than that i really haven't had much from here, occasionally some chinese broccoli and some sort of meat over rice.Definitely my standard stop when i take a pilgrimage out to Flushing every couple months.
Had dumplings last night as well as their pork rolls. Really cheap and fresh. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they only take cash.
For me I guess this place is good for breakfast,cuz if u want to chill out with friends and have something special for the dinner,their menu seems not much things u can order. Their food is not bad and services is ok but somehow that place don't seem very clean for me
The place can accommodate quite a few people.  On the weekends, it gets very crowded.  The staff is adequate.  The selection is quite substantial.  All in all:  very enjoyable.
Seriously, everytime i eat here it's a great experience. "The meal isn't over when I'm full, it's over when I hate myself"
Always a good place to have soup dumplings! There are cheaper places, but this place does it pretty damn good to have me coming back for more.
Strengths here are the XLB, Shanghai shao mai, and rice cakes. You tiao and dou jiang are acceptable. Stick with the Shanghainese dishes I guess.Other items are fried when they are typically done on a griddle such as the scallion pancakes and chives and egg bun. (but maybe you like them fried, no points off for personal preferences).Felt the salty soy bean curd was actually too salty (someone out there is going to tell me to mix it all up) - and the salty sticky rice roll needed a little more flavor. Beef one day in the scallion pancake roll was a little too chewy and probably need more slow cooking.Can you get better XLB at other food courts? Maybe. Is it nice to not have to fight for a seat at a food court when you are dining with more than two people? Yep! How about a place open at 8 a.m.? For all these reasons...not enough to knock Nan Xiang down to 3 star. (and I'm not going to be one to take them task for service either - had no real issues on my two visits this week).Trying to visit on a Sunday (or Saturday?) and want to minimize your wait...getting there before noon helps even for us waiting for a table of 5.
Came for a late night snack. Originally planned to go to Tasty & Spicy down the street but they closed early (Thank God they did because otherwise I may have eaten there without noticing not only the C health rating, but the bugs in the restaurant visible from outside the restaurant!! I'm not a clean freak, but really!?! ICK) The atmosphere is comparable to a takeout restaurant or most chinatown joints. You get about the same kind of service you would at Pizza Hut. But at least you can look over and see two older Chinese women slicing meat and hand stuffing the dumplings themselves. No gloves worn here.  Complementary tea is hot and tasty. I went for the veggie dumplings and the Noodles with Scallion sauce.The dumplings were fresh and pretty darn good. I like the vinegar they use here, especially after I add a ton of red chili sauce to it. The vegetables are finely minced but it tastes like its got some sea veggies and mushrooms in there. Veggie dumplings can tend to be a little bland, but the filling in these was flavorful. The noodles with scallion sauce tasted like a noodle version of my beloved sesame pancakes like the popular ones at Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown. Basic egg noodles with sesame oil, soy sauce, black vinegar and sesame seeds. That's it, no protein or veggies. When the dish is first presented the sauce is in the bottom of the bowl and the plain noodles are lobbed on top. It certainly does not appear appetizing! Don't fret, just mix the sauce in. I add copious qualities of red chili sauce and a little extra soy sauce to add some flavor and help pull the sometimes sticky noodles apart. This dish would be really good with some protein and veggies, but if you love noodles and the flavor of sesame, its a good call. Mister Brian C. got soup dumplings and a noodle soup. He finds the dumplings here unimpressive and overrated. On top of that they are more expensive than the ones in Chinatown. He decided to give them another shot since we were in the neighborhood and I was hungry! I have a feeling he won't be back, and you can find him at Chinatown at Shanghai cafe instead.He said the noodle soup was okay, not bad, but not amazing. I doubt he will be back.
Came here on a Tuesday morning, the waitresses are very busy and kept missing some orders bc no one writes anything down and customers are always shouting out more stuff. Two diff waitresses brought us the same dish, and I asked for a straw 5 times before I got one. The soup dumplings are pretty good, and the soy drinks are really good. I had the cold soy drink, everyone else got the hot soy with salty stuff in them. The small dishes are good, like the spicy tripe and beef, the garlic cucumbers... Green peas... And their fried crispy dough is yummmm.Recommend if you have patience
We've been here twice, most recently mid-week for some soup dumplings.  We ordered two sets of dumplings and some crispy noodles with beef.  I am not an expert with soup dumplings, but I thought they were awesome.  It helped that we were here mid-week, had no wait and thus, the food came out pretty quickly.  It also helped that the cost for these three dishes was under $20.  Hells yeah, I'll be coming back!
I loved this place.  My friends and I ordered a lot of food, and everything was delicious.  The soup dumplings were especially awesome!  If you want to find a place to get good, reasonably-priced dim sum in Flushing, I highly recommend this place!
As a shanghainese lived in Shanghai for 18 years, the food they offer does not taste authentic shanghai style. I ordered xiaolongbao, it is juicy, but it is not the real taste of xiaolongbao. Also ordered shanghai style pot sticker, that is also not good. The skin is too thick, inside is not juicy...
Soupy dumplings are delicious! There is just something about scalding hot soup with pork wrapped inside a delicious wrapper that is very appealing- so appetizing that I'm willing to sustain the burnt tongue feeling the next day. This place definitely has solid pork soup dumplings! Add in the vinegary sauce they serve them with and I am in sodium heaven! This place is cash only, like a number of other dumpling spots. Finding an ATM in the area can be a bit tricky, so bring cash before you head into Flushing. The service was very pleasant. No one shouting overhead to relay orders. The atmosphere was nice, but a bit cramped- another thing I've come to expect at dumpling houses. However the wait time in between orders is what really pulls this review down. I love that the food is fresh, but I despise the idea of waiting 40 minutes for fried pork dumplings. Typically my group will order 3-4 times depending on who still wants more of a particular item. I STRONGLY suggest you put in a large order in the beginning. The wait between dumpling orders was about 30-40 minutes.But if you're looking for a solid dumpling spot and don't want to travel into the city you should give this place a shot.
People always rave about Flushing how they have the best Chinese food. When you walk the streets something tells you it's a little over hyped. Well, that's not necessarily true. Enter the glass doors of Nan Xiang Dumpling House for the finest Xiao Long Bows (steamed soup dumplings) and get some of the cold appetizers such as the spicy beef and tripe, or the seaweed, bamboo shoots and mushrooms. These refreshing cold dishes are the perfect pairing with these hot juicy dumplings. You and your friends and loved ones can watch these soup dumplings being made from scratch as you enter the restaurant. Towering stacks of bamboo steamers some empty waiting to be used, others filled and lined with cabbage leaves steaming XLB.  They have the best servers too who are very attentive and quick. It is a kid friendly and kid CAUTIOUS environment (they brought us the baby chair and situated her closer to the wall on the inside to minimize the risk of bringing hot food near the baby).Will be back for more, shortly!
This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings, although from what I remember the regular pan-fried dumplings are not greatWe usually order the scallion pancake, which is also very good, and the pan fried udon, which is just okay but filling
Their soup dumplings, which I guess is what they're most famous for, are truly amazing.  I also had their Si Xian Kau Fu (fried wheat gluten, served cold) and that was fantastic too.  Never had that before anywhere; it was a friend who ordered it.  Quite a trek to get there of course, if you live in Manhattan or Brooklyn, but I would highly recommend it as a trip worth taking.
If you want to eat at Nan Xiang Dumpling House understand to take a train or expect to pay for parking in a lot. As there are no parking spots on the street. However the dumpling and scallion pancakes are quite exceptional. The scallion pancakes also come stuffed with BBQ Chinese pork. Delicious. The service is excellent. Not pushy but attentive. I would highly recommend it.
SOUP DUMPLINGS or as listed "Steamed pork buns"They have a limited menu but really, I only come here for soup dumplings. Other items that I've tried which were also tasty were the scallion pancakes and the chicken pan fried noodles. Soup dumplings + pan fried noodles are a great combo.However, I must say that Shanghai Cafe (Mott St. Chinatown) is still much better.
Overall NAN XIANG is still one of my favorite place to get my soup dumpling. Though at times their service is lousy and slow, it's due to the crowd. Typical of all popular Chinese restaurant and only care about good food.
Their no frills menu reminds me of the offerings of the infamous Taiwan restaurant that started it all, Ding Tai Fong, but the flavors are by far DTF -- however, in Flushing, it is the best.  The wait can look to be overwhelming but remember, chinese food is fast, so it's really not that bad.  I would advise to come after 8:30pm if possible, NO WAIT!Scallion pancake is really thick here, too much dough if you ask me.  I would definitely skip on this appetizer and just order the buns.  They serve the standard Chinese breakfast -- soybean milk, fried cruller, steamed buns, sticky rice buns, etc.   For those not in the know, this is to die for and a must try.
Great crab xiao long baos along w. the beef roll scallion pancakes.  This place is slowly growing on me!
Traditional Taiwanese food! Definitely get the soup dumplings-- the pork flavor and the pork and crab flavors were equally delicious. I would recommend getting the crispy noodles, but not the seafood flavor. The seafood crispy noodles is in a corn-starchy sauce that is much too gooey and weights down on the crunch of the noodle.I would also recommend getting the beef sandwich on a scallion pancake. You cannot go wrong!I was surprised at how tasty and light the vegetable noodle soup was.
One visit so far and the food was really good. Soup dumplings were crazy good as was the rice pancake. Price was very reasonable and the atmosphere was bright and lively.
The food here was really good :D I had the Beef Pancake and the Vegetable Dumplings~ They were really good! And the staff was friendly~ I would definitely go back :) The restaurant is a little tight but theres just enough room to walk and there's lots of tables for other customers :) I havent seen a line so I take that as a good sign because its packed but yet, no line! I think thats good service~
Probably the best Asian food I've had ever. If you are the only white person in the place, that usually means the food is authentic and delicious. Yes, that was the case again with this spot. Too bad we have to go the city for this and can't find anything in Long Island comparable.
I've read so many positive reviews about this place, and decided give it a try. Have ordered vegan dumplings and fried noodle. I love dumplings, and this is definitely not the best place to eat them, may be for meat eaters quality is better. Fried noodle drowned in oil and I have to search for vegetables on the bottom of my oily plate, so i just left it on the table. Service is quick, as almost in all chinese dumpling houses. Will i come back? Nope.
Best shao long bao ever. Very juicy and full of flavor.
Simple ambiance. The staff wasn't too friendly. One problem I had was that they did not serve water in any form, including tap water. This was a culture shock to me. (Perhaps I'm not so cultured). However, the soup dumplings were fantastic! Soft, salty, rich, and the broth was velvety. The scallion pancakes were only mediocre. They needed a bit more scallion and less grease. If you're a fan of traditional soup dumplings, give it a try, but bring a source of water!
I don't think there's any more to say than the other yelpers.You MUST get soup dumplings (recommended pork). The meat is always over flowing with soup and meat. If you don't think the meat has enough flavor, the soy sauce with ginger can help. Another favorite (and must for me) is scallion pancakes. I think any kind you get is good, but I always get with just the scallion. MMM... crunchy, fried goodness. And get any other dish, noodles, rice cake, or soup. They're all good. EVERYTHING IS GOOOOOD. lol.The downsides are cash only. (Sorry, credit card people, chinese people like cash) It will be crowded during weekends and regular meal times. Since they have expanded, the wait on the weekends are not bad at all. Waited 15 minutes for a table of 4 with people waiting at the door. Of course there will be people who are hungry and are not patient and will leave (aka getting you a table faster). (TIP: try to be in a group of 4 and not 5, because it will be harder to get a table of 5. Groups of 4 will go first, just saying)
Everything was good, portions were generous except the beef scallion pancake and the porkchop noodles i ordered. Scallion pancake were pretty oily, and had like 2-3 slices of beef inside the sesame pancake. Porkchop came on a separate plate next to noodles, didnt really match tastewise. The porkchop tasted sweet but were oily, not deep fried but had the color...im confused!
Don't understand why this restaurant got so high rating from most of the reviewers.Every time I visit Flushing, I noticed this restaurant is always crowded and full, so I decided to try yesterday when I was nearby.The food? not excellent, just average, most of the dishes we got are not hot, just warm. the waiter forgot one of our order, and he was was not happy when we decided to cancel it, The service? basically there is no service at all, The the waiter/waitress only setup your table and brought your orders to your desk, that's it, then you are by your own, you need to ask when you have other need, and you might not get it.Will I visit another time? definitely not.
This really hit the spot today. Walked for a long time to get there, had scallion pancakes, rice cakes with beef, and pan fried pork buns. Scallion pancakes and pork buns were really good, but the beef rice cakes were great. Good amount of kick, great flavor. Will be back to try the soup dumplings as well. Service was brisk but attentive.
There's really one reason why this place is Michelin recommended -- best crab/pork soup dumplings! We just recently returned from a trip to Taiwan and Hong Kong and haven't found anything close to this neighborhood favorite. The broth inside the soup is spot on. They do not skimp on the crab meat. The skin does not break when you pick it up. Always made to order and steaming fresh!Other yummy dishes we always get:- beef scallion pancakes- sweet tofu pudding- salty tofu pudding (they use radishes and dried shrimp with some sauce, like a congee in pudding form)- kau fu appetizerEverything else is just meh... we come for the soup dumplings.Prepare to wait, but it's totally worth it!
those garlic cucumbers are awesome, and the pork and crab dumpling are amazing
oh man! What can I say.  The food here is simply delicious!  The hand drawn noodles are defintely something to order!
Meh. I don't get the love people are spouting about this places XLB. Were they good? Yes, but ladies, gents my mind and my taste buds were NOT blown. I find the flavors to be pretty mild. Okay, so I have Din Tai Fung's crab XLB cemented in my brain as this deliciously oceany masterpiece swimming in my mouth that I just haven't found anything else that can compete. So in other words, get my ass to San Fran(?) or go back to HK and Shanghai to eat mind blowing XLB.But, yes these are a bit more delicious than Joe's. Their chive and egg pocket thing was okay, but I found again, mild (okay I like strong flavors.. so i'm just being hypercritical). I liked their shanghai stirfried udon noodle though. Simple, a bit oily but yummy. The pancake rolled with beef was another big hit (didn't taste it). They have this beef noodle soup, again simple flavors. Oh and their sweet soy bean drink is good. Their salty one I found a little odd.I'm still searching for decent XLB in the USA. Gotta keep looking.
We bring guests from all over the world here for their soup dumplings and other dishes.  Simply the BEST soup dumplings you've ever had!  We've been through their two major expansions and are thrilled that the quality did not go downhill.I was curious to see what the "complainers" had to say on Yelp -- so I scrolled all the way to the last page (page 24 out of 24), as the first 23 pages were all fantastic reviews (which I agree with!)It seems the #1 complaint is service and wait time for food arrival.  As for service, I've never had an issue (and I've been there when it's crazy-busy and super slow), so I don't know what the gripers are upset about -- maybe it's them?  As for food arrival, order your dumplings as you're seated -- they're all made fresh by hand for best quality!  Yes, it will take 15-20 minutes, in the meantime, get some of their appetizers, such as their "smoked tofu, edamame bean and snow cabbage" salad -- with a dash of hot sauce this stuff ROCKS and is pre-made so you get it straight away!As for the numerous mentions of Joe Shanghai being faster, be sure you include your one hour plus wait time OUTSIDE in the cold or rain on Pell Street for a far less superior product -- one that's made in bulk for the tour buses of stupid, sheepish Gwai Lo who have no appreciation for Asian cuisine.Nan Xiang Dumpling House rocks my world, and everyone we've ever taken requests to go back again and again!  It's worth the subway trip on the 7 train!Hint for better service:  Speak Mandarin or Cantonese, or at least make an effort.  It will be appreciated.  If you've seen them when they are busy, it's obvious they don't need the non-Asian community support to be successful.  You can always judge any ethnic cuisine restaurant by it's clientèle, if there aren't any ex-pats there, what's that say?
With a line going outside the door on a thursday night, this place has to be worth it to wait for a table in the heart of flushing... and it certainly was. From the emotionless -straight to business- waitresses and their quick and efficient service to the inexpensive and fulfilling dishes they serve, this place is a great hit and it doesn't hurt to have an A on their health rating and to be michelin rated. Must have dishes are the soup dumplings or xiao long bao which are tasty, full of soup inside, and fresh. Only gripe is they only come with 6 buns instead of the traditional 8 served in many other places which leaves a table of 4 with 2 people with the short end of the stick on seconds.The seafood rice cake has a great mix of filet white fish and shrimp mixed in their house seasoning that doesn't require you to put any more soy sauce for a bigger taste and their rice cakes are chewy and fulfilling.Their beef pan fried noodle is crunchy on the outside and smothered in gravy in the middle with your choice of beef, pork, or seafood (though i prefer the beef.) The highlight of the night was the beef pancake which has thin slices of beef wrapped in a fried piece of bread mixed with hoisin sauce, kinda reminded me of a peking duck wrap only with beef instead of duck. The bread was fresh, crunchy on the outside and hot and chewy on the inside.All in all...this place is great for a quick  inexpensive meal or a place where you can go to pig out and order all the shanghainese comfort food you want and feel like a king or queen for a day without having to pay an arm and a leg when the bill arrives. Always remember...put your name down and take a number as soon as you get there to limit the wait time!-happy eating!
Good but no where near the best. I'm beginning my Great American Dumpling search through New York and Nan Xiang was my first stop. The restaurant has an open and clean layout. It's much larger than it looks and has a glass plated area where you can watch the Aunties mix together the dumpling innards. That's unfortunately where the positives end. Based on the reviews (and many an article about the best dumplings in the area) I was sure this was set to be a momentous occasion. Unfortunately Nan Xiang didn't hold up to its hype. We started out with a scallion pancake with beef. I'd never had one of these with meat in it so I was already weary of what was to come. What came out was your typical (doughy) scallion pancake doubled up between a slab of meat and dolloped with a generous amount of hoisin sauce. This was my own bad for asking whether my partner in food crime whether we should get the plain or the beef one since I already know that for this dish the original is probably the best way to go. Lesson learned! I accidentally ordered the sweet soy bean milk (I meant to get the curd) but it served it's purpose nonetheless. Cold, sweet, soy...ey and the perfect price ($1).Next was the main event, what we'd all been waiting for, what reviews upon reviews stated was the best in the city, the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings). Now look, I went to school in Boston, not too far from the city's Chinatown and there sits the Bourdain-acclaimed Gourmet Dumpling House. To say I was spoiled on impeccable soup and fried dumplings would be an understatement. Because of this I'm always suspicious of other establishment's take on the dish (even in my own city, which hands down has better Chinese food than Boston). We shared the 6pc and went to town. The dumplings weren't terrible by any means but they also didn't live up to the Yelp hype as I wished they would have. Whereas in my experience the soup portion of the soup dumpling is supposed to be a clear, flavorful, porky broth, I found the broth in these to be a bit on the fatty side. I was also devastated when I found my dumplings falling apart upon picking them up. The were adequate nonetheless. Stalking other tables around us, we rounded out the meal with the cucumber with garlic, which gets all the awards for this visit. Fresh, simple and coated with garlic (I didn't plan on kissing anyone afterwards so all was good), these beauties were refreshing, tasty and gave me an idea of another way to prepare one of my favorite vegetables. I'd give Nan Xiang another chance (maybe it was an off day) but probably not before I discover what else the neighborhood holds for XLB. Check them out for yourself.
Terrible experience here, came to pick up a pan fried bun around 10 pm, waited almost twenty minutes so I went ask them for the status of my order, cashier came back told me I have to wait another ten minute because they are busy, but the place is not 5o% full. I will never be a patron for this kind of customer service.
This place has some days where the seasoning may be a little off, but when they get it right, this place is out of this world. Great options on the menu, soup dumplings are stunning, and the place just has a great energy.Absolutely recommend
How have I lived without soup dumplings my entire life? 28.99 years and nada....what!? Why!? To be truthful, I'd never even heard of them. (hangs head in shame) And then, our excursion to Flushing, Queens landed us at Nan Xiang. A small shop (but Michelin approved, as evidenced by at least 12 stickers in the window), but efficient and the wait moved quickly as we drooled over what we might order. Yelp-approved, too..I might add, verging on 400 reviews!? Must be worth a stop. What I learned: 1. Cold gluten paste sounds like it might be disgusting, but it's actually really quite great. An excellent precursor to the soup dumpling main event. 2. If you eat with Jando S (Queens CM), he'll teach you how to make an origami chopstick pedestal out of the discarded wrapper. My life is forever changed, and my chopsticks will be treated as royalty from this point forward. 3. Soup dumplings are basically a miniature bowl of soup wrapped up in a dumpling. GENIUS. To eat one, please see Peter D's review, or take it from me: BE CAREFUL. Handle with care! These babies are so thin that one wrong move and you've wasted a dumpling, never to be brought back. Don't pour one out for the homies, keep it for yourself. Gingerly scoop one soup dumpling onto your spoon (or have someone help you), nibble one hole out of the side, slurp the soup then consume the dumpling. Waste not, want not! 4. We tried both the seafood and the pork varieties. I was equally fans of both. 5. If you've not tried these, do. Very palatable for even the unadventurous eater...and filling, to boot. An inexpensive meal. A wonderful Friday lunch trying something new (to me). Go Flushing.
This is our go to spot for soup dumplings (xlbs).Over the years it has expanded from one store front to three, displacing the Happy Beef Noodle. The long lines have subsided, but I have the sense the kitchen may not be up to making the volumes of xlbs to feed all the customers in the enlarged space. The soup dumplings are the usual pork and pork with crab variations. We go for one of each.  They usually stay intact and don't break as you serve them. The shards of ginger were missing from our dipping sauce this  time.The scallion pancake stuffed with beef makes a good starter, crisp and tasty, it serves three. The cold appetizers are delicious. We went for spicy tofu and braised beef with tripe on the most recent visit, as our first choices, the chicken and braised fish were out of stock at about 5 p.m. An order of rice cakes with seafood completed our dinner for three, which ran $50 with tip. Credit cards are not accepted, so bring cash and enjoy.
Great customer service.  Always fresh dumplings.  Be careful because they are hot!  The veggie soup is a good choice too if you are trying to be healthy.   This place is within walking distance from Main Street near the 7 train.
Waitress here r bad shape. I lost my sunglasses there. And they steal it.  What a bad restaurant. Ethic is most important thing. If you get bad employee, will ruin ur business.
I wanted to save my first ever Yelp review for some place really special but I'm not doing anyone any favors by waiting for that picture perfect moment.There are a handful of places to get xiao long bao (or soup dumplings for those less asian-inclined) in Flushing, but Nan Xiang is, In my opinion, unequivocally the best and only place to indulge in the little pockets of meat and soup. All of their food is authentically Shanghainese and I have yet to be disappointed in a dish.Their service is what you would expect of any $ chinese restaurant, so don't be surprised if you have to repeat your order twice (maybe three times), or vigorously wave your arms to catch the attention of one of the lackluster waiters/waitressesHighlights:- Xiao long bao: both the regular and crab meat ones will cause your taste buds to explode, figuratively and physically (because they're hot). I wanted to take pictures but the last thing you want to do is let these bad boys get cold so...sorry for being selfish. Each order comes with 6, and I think 4 is enough to satisfy one person (if you're ordering other food as well) so bear that in mind.- Wonton with chili oil and peanut sauce and soy sauce: I just made that name up, but I think it's self-explanatory. This is my new favorite thing to eat - wontons are cooked al dente, if there's such a thing for wontons, and the sauce is on point.- Rice cakes with shredded pork: a family-favorite, strong wok flavor, ample sauce, just all-in-all a solid dish. - Kao fu: this is a sweet and savory, marinated tofu appetizer. My brother preaches that this is the best kao fu in America, and to be honest, I have not had better.I think it speaks for itself that even with multiple other restaurants making XLB, even with two expansions, even with a C health rating, there is still a line to get in here on the weekends.Tldr; go here if you're looking for relatively cheap, authentic Shanghainese food that has not yet succumbed to Americanization (lookin' at you Joe's Shanghai).
Bottom Line - This place does not disappoint. If all you know is Din Tai Fung or Joe's Shanghai, then you need to redeem yourself and come here.Came on Saturday, 29 Oct 2011 with 3 friends and there wasn't a wait around 6pm, probably due to the slush on the ground, chilling wind and rain coming down.  We ordered the following:Sweet Soy Bean Milk ($1.00 x2) - It was nice and hot! Would order again.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($3.95 x2) - This was SO TASTY! The beef was wrapped inside the scallion pancake, and some hoisin sauce was used on the inside. Turnip Puff ($3.50) - One order of this was good for us.  I didn't particularly like it because it was a bit greasy, but my friends loved it.Steamed Pork Buns/Shanghai Dumplings ($5.50) this was pretty tasty, but the crab pork was better tasting.Steamed Crab & Pork Buns (Shanghai Dumplings w/ Crab) ($6.50 x2) - This was so good. The juice inside was really nice. I'd order it again and again.Our bill came to $31.90 + 2.83 tax + 8.00 tip = $42.73 for the 4 of us... such a cheap meal!
There's always a long line here. That's because they have the best soup dumplings! I can eat a whole order to myself! The Shanghai pan fried noodles are awesome and so are the rice cakes. For cold appetizers I like the garlic cucumbers. This place never disappoints. Just be prepared to wait at least 15 minutes especially on weekends, also if you are driving, it's not the best area for parking. If you're familiar with flushing you already know that. Service isn't the best but these aren't the type of places you come for service, these are the places that you come for good and cheap food. Also they don't take credit so make sure to bring cash.
amazing experience, worth the wait. Glad we dropped by
I used to rate this place 4, but now 3 due to recent experience.This is a great Shanghainese breakfast place which is served all day long.  Get ready to wait for a while and also prepare your thick face since their host or hostess will always give you an attitude and make you move around in the limited space they have while waiting.It is kind of cool that you can watch all these ladies making the xiao long baos and dumplings in the open kitchen.While you wait, scan their cold dish station and pick what you want.  The spicy tendon and drunked chicken I thought were quite decent to much on while you wait for your xiao long baos.Salty beancurd soup.  Yummo!  An acquired taste and completely unexpected since I typically eat it sweet, but once I tried it, I had to always get it (well, for $2 why not) everytime I am there.The xiao long baos are great as well though I have to say that it is not quite Joe Shanghai's.  Get the one with crab on top.Noodles - Shanghainese noodle is pretty standard and fills you up for sure.Beef Rolls - basically scallion pancakes with beef and hoisin sauce inside.  I love it!!Don't expect much on service.  Be happy when they don't give you the look when you ask for tea or water.
The specialty here is the soup dumplings or xiao lung bao. The service is quick and non-migraine-full!  This place is probably the best restaurant to order soup dumplings in Queens, possibly NYC! I would recommend their pork chop noodle soup and kao fu, which is braised wheat gluten with mushrooms. It is not really on the expensive side but neither is it cheap. In the end, it's all worth it. The only downside is the sanitation of the restaurant, it isn't 100% but it is made up for with the great food.
General consensus is right on the money here.  XLB are less fatty soup and still great compared to Joe's so it really just depends on what you want.If you get the scallion pancakes, I'd skip the version with beef.  If you want meat get another dish.The cold appetizers at Nan Xiang are the bomb, as are all the noodle dishes.  We tried the bean curd with peas and the seafood crispy noodles, both of which I recommend.  I just wish we'd gone with a larger group so we could try more, but it means I'll just have to go back.
Great spot to visit for soup dumplings. Beef scallion pancakes with hiosin! Bam!! Delicious. We also sampled the udon noodles, pork and crab soup dumplings, Mai shen.. the price was so reasonable and fed 3. There is tons of seating, but still expect to wait as this is a known spot for the locals. Service was lacking but I can't discredit as the place was great. Be back soon :)
After watching a vice video with Eddie Huang, I decided to stop by and take a look. The soup dumplings are subpar. They're tasty but they're not mind-blowing. Prices are pretty good if you're not trying to spend a lot. This place does have a lot of Taiwanese appetizers so that was pretty cute. It's as if someone took the treats and snacks from Taiwanese night markets and created a little sit down restaurant in New York. Brings back some good memories!
I have been in New York 5-6 years.  I go to Flushing weekly to satisfy my Chinese food cravings.   For 5 years I avoided this place because of the queue out front.  But yesterday i happened to be in Flushing at 4PM and figured there was no wait.  So finally got to try this place and boy should i have stopped by earlier.Let me just say that I have had a lot of xiao long baos in Taiwan, Shanghai, Hong Kong, New York, and the 25+ years i lived in Southern California.  I get Joe's Shanghai at least once a week just because it is close to my work in Manhattan.  Last night i ordered both the pork and crab xiao long baos and the pork one was the best i've had in the New York area.  If Mei Long Village in LA gets a 10/10 and Din Tai Fung gets a 9/10...i would say these are about a 7.5/10.  Joes Shanghai would be maybe a 6/10.Their crab soup dumpling on the other hand was very dissapointing.  My wife thought I didn't even order crab soup dumplings because you couldnt taste it.  They need to add more of the orange part of the crab to get the crab punch.  In addition to the soup dumplings I also got the scallion beef roll.  Although tasty, the scallion pancake was too thick.  I would've preferred a thinner pancake.  I will definetely be back to try their other  dishes.
This place beats joe's shanghai anytime ! I don't like to do comparison however, with this place, I would make a exception. This place is truly the real place for dumpling soup! Try both the crab and the pork, don't limit yourself down to one type! Trust me! You will thank me later! If you come here for lunch, they also have fresh made soy milk !!! You can ask them to add sugar in it if you want. They also make really good rice cake, I think I got the seafood one last time ! Tips: very easy to travel to, there's a parking lot right across the street. Next to the bus stop and the 7th train. The soup dumplings might get messy, so be careful when you eat them. Try everything, no point to wait till next time .
I've been here twice. And it never disappointed. It gets uber crowded here, there's always a line. Always get the crab & pork soup dumplings. Beef & scallion pancakes. And they got soy milk (sweet, salty, hot, cold, whatever you want). Better than Joe's Shanghai.
I come here often & normally order the cold dishes (see pic). The beef pancake is sooo good. Their soup dumplings are always a hit! Love this place.
I liked the dumplings but I wouldn't say I loved it that much. Long lines and not the best service in town.  The workers and owners are Mainlanders looking to suck your money.
Good soup dumplings, but not as good as I had hoped based on the Yelp reviews, and not as cheap as I would have expected from a place like this in Flushing.Waited about 20 minutes for a table for two.  It's a bit of a mad house, with people standing in and around areas where people are dining.  People waiting are talking loudly with each other in Chinese to drown out the above-average noise from the diners in the restaurant.  Old Chinese guy backed his thang up into my crotch area and made contact with his butt.  Sure, these things happen in crowded places, but was a bit uncomfortable when he just stayed there... and stayed there, until I moved away from him.  I'll gladly lose to him in a game of crotch chicken.Soup dumplings were good overall, but they were falling apart when we went to get the last ones from the wood crate things they serve it in.  So it wasn't a soup dumpling anymore - just a dumpling.  Was a bit disappointed with that.Ordered some other dishes, which I forgot.  I don't recall what they were, but they were fairly average - it seems this place is known for the soup dumplings and everything else is just accompaniments.
One of the rare times I go down as far as flushing!  Got there around noon on black friday and there was a huge wait outside.  I believe we waited close to 40 minutes for our table.  Once inside, it was nice and toasty and we got quick and friendly service.  Ordered their xiaolong bao and was told we'd have to wait another 40 minutes before those were ready.. omggg lol.  sooo hungry at this point so we ordered a bunch of other things to off set our hunger.  The best thing on the menu is definitely their green onion pancake with beef.  Not your typical beef roll.  This was marinated beef inbetween two mochi consistency onion pancakes. SO GOOD.  everyone should make it this way.  The xiaolong bao was nice and hot because it was made fresh with plenty of delicious soup, but the wrapper is a little thick for my liking.  Overall, A great place!
This place was awesome, as evidenced by the dozens of people waiting for a table. We got lucky and were seated right away. Ordered the xiao long bao, the fried dumplings, scallion pancake and pan-fried Shanghai noodles, and they were all delicious. More than enough food for two people!
Had the beef and chili pepper noodle soup. It was very good and is enough to fill most any appetite. Could have had a little better beef to noodle ration but the spicy broth had a great flavor. The prices and service are exceptional. I will return!!!!
Came in Friday night, finding parking was like a game of musical chairs, this place was packed, but got seated pretty fast thankfully. To start we ordered, a cold dish, the cucumber cilantro and garlic salad, it was really good. Then had the scallion pancake with beef, it was ok, couldn't finish it cause it was very greasy. Then we ordered what we actually came for, the pork soup dumplings, they were good, but honestly I prefer the ones at Joes Shanghai because they are more flavorful and seem fresher, when you bite into them you actually feel the savory delicious broth, the ones at this place aren't as good.
Their Steamed Pork buns are the best, and I also love their Shanghai U Don. It's a great choice to make if you come for the first time. But service is a bit slow on a busy Sunday.
Excellent soupy buns. Noodles are delicious.  Appetizers are tasty. Enough said,  go and enjoy.
The night before I was thinking of having soup dumpling. I've been here a number of time and they are consistantly 4-5 stars. NOTE: Their Soup Dumplings are FRESHLY made as you order.  This place is your tipical very casual place. If you get here by 8:45 AM you can park across the street in the municipal parking lot. By 9:00 AM it's pretty hard to park.  Also the restaurant was already 3/4 full in both rooms at 8:45 AM.  Anyway, we ordered two soup dumpling (xiao long bao) which came out piping hot and the soup was nice and warm.  The meat was nicely flavored and semi firm. It came 6 per order/ $6.25. Next we had their scallion pancake ($3.50)  which also came out freshly made, nice and very warm.  It was good but needed a little more seasoning but still delicious.  We also ordered their Shanghai Pan Fried Udon ($6.95) which was good but the order was small (enough for 1 person).  If you're looking for the best Shanghai Pan Fried Noodle go to Joe's Shanghai Rest..  Our brunch for two was $25 plus tip. Super, Super, Super!
The Shanghainese food here is pretty good. I wouldn't say it's four or five stars great, but I consider it a staple go-to place for Shanghainese food. The food was served quickly and the service is fair, as you would expect from a legit Chinese restaurant. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) is good and would at least, meet your expectations. We also had some of their other stir-fry dishes and definitely did not disappoint like some places in Chinatown. I'd pick this place over the other shanghai eateries in the area.
I love the soup dumplings here better than Joes..  The soup within the dumpling is a bit more sweeter from a vegetable broth while Joes is a bit more salty and fattier.  the dumpling sauce wasn't as vinegary here as well...I gave a 3 star for that i couldn't order anything from the grill because some guy ordered 20 orders for takeout at the grill and they couldn't manage it.Also.. there were crab shells in the Crab & Pork soup dumplings.... Me and my gf had several of those. She also pointed out that i had some winged insect creature caked onto one of my dumpling... glad she saw it before i ate it... (it was so good.. that i just pinched it off and ate the rest of the dumpling)...
Delicious restaurant with great dumplings but a downside. We gave them over 15 percent tip and they asked us for more.
Came here after the US open because heard lots of rave about it. Thought it was just above average.  Nothing that amazing that I would take a two hours train ride to go to queens, flushing to eat.  If in the area, definitely come by here to eat.  But if not. Tons of Shanghai dumplings places in Chinatown in manhattan that are as yummy!
Great Soup Dumplings and way less greasy than Joe's Shanghai. Things to try: Regular Pork Soup Dumplings, Beef Scallion Pancake and Shanghai Noodles. Quick precaution, it will be extremely crowded on weekends and Friday nights but it's worth the wait!
The food is great, but if you want ambiance, go to the newer spot next to Starbucks called Bang. Same owner, same food, slightly higher prices though. This location is in a semi underground shopping bazaar. The place smells of at least six different shops all at once. The food is amazing, and looking at the wall... Many to chefs and critics have visited and posted reviews as well. You must try it!
The soup dumplings at Nan Xiang are one of the best I've had. They are definitely better than Joe Shanghai (Joe Shanghai is all hype IMO). I love the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang because they don't have that nauseating pork smell that most soup dumpling restaurants can't seem to get rid of and that is a BIG BIG PLUS to me. I also always order the rice cake with beef but the scallion pancakes are so-so- theyre too doughy for me. Try an iced sweet soy milk before you leave! FYI- parking here is a nightmare and the service is honestly not great but I can't find any other place that makes soup dumplings like Nan Xiang.
Best soup dumpling in NYC, hands down. Joe's Shanghai and other places simply do not measure up. This place has gotten so popular that they have expanded to acquire both the stores to their right and left. Despite growing, they have kept up the quality of the  soup dumplings.Soup dumplings- there are two fillings available: pork only and pork+crab meat. Get the pork + crab meat. It is heavenly. The broth is a porky, but has a more savory flavor without being fishy. The soup is piping hot, yellow in color from the crab. The skin does not stick to the napa used in the bamboo steamer unless it gets too cold. They give you a ginger and brown vinegar sauce, which is good with the meat and skin, but can overpower the soup.  The cold dishes- the cold dishes they have out under that cafeteria-styled server are awesome. They are all good. They will put two on the same plate, so you can try more variety. Even my non-asian friends love the tripe and tendon. The gluten dish is also a favorite. Others- the soy milk (I like the sweet cold one), noodle soups and dishes are good. But when I go, I want a ton of the cold dishes and the pork-crab soup dumplings and a cold soy milk. It is worth the trek out to Flushing. Also, cash only and expect a wait with large groups. It's a Chinese restaurant and the food is cheap, so don't expect the world's best services.
I came here for a family reunion during a cold winter day. The place was pack as it has quite a reputation so no surprise there. We have to wait for a little bit to get seated. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a typical chinese restaurant, which can be sum up as crowed and loud. We sat down and i had a look at the menu which was rather small compared to other Shanghai restaurants. We order quite a lot including their infamous soup dumplings. Funny thing is usually the soup dumplings came first however it was the last to arrive although the table who sat down after us like 3 tables away got theirs first which was weird. I tasted the beef rolls and they were good. The consistency, texture, and sweet hoisin sauce left my taste bud wanting more. The soup dumplings was alright, I felt they did not live up to my expectations. Well then again, my expectations were much higher than usual due to the over hype surrounding this place. The soup dumplings were big and had a good meat to soup ratio which I give them credit for as usually other places would just have a lot of soup in there and like a small amount of meat which ruins the actual taste.In conclusion, the soup dumplings are nothing over the top but they are delicious and Nan Xiang does it well. The waiter and waitress need to be more attentive as we had no tea or water for our hour and a half there which is ridiculous.Recommendation:Beef RollPork Soup DumplingsPork and Crab Soup Dumplings
I absolutely love the Xiao Long Bao here, purely because its tasteful, full of soup and the chefs that make it here make it with heart.I also appreciate that Nan Xiang has more than just xiao long bao. Their cold appetizers are the bomb, especially the vegetarian chicken and tripes as well has their scallion pancakes and pancke with beef.This is a new tourist attraction, so prepare for long lines.
I came here on a whim and I'm upset that I trusted the Yelp Reviews.  The Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) had barely any meat inside, and had a thick skin.  I also ordered the Shang Hai Shu Mai.  I thought it was going to be filled with meat but it was full of sticky rice!!  I'm disappointed and felt as if I should have ordered the soup bowls instead!  Sticking to Joe's for the soup dumplings forever and ever.  I would give the soup bowls a try though.  They looked good from afar.
I'm yet to visit Nanxiang Dumpling House and not see it packed. It has a very small menu composed of mainly Shanghainese Dian xing ( mainland version of Dim Sum). Besides the signature soup dumplings, everything else also impresses with authenticity. While not fit for a big and formal dinner given its menu size, its more than adequate for friends and family to enjoy a fulfilling weekend morning brunch. Joe's Shanghai has got nothing on this place.
I came here with my bf on a Saturday afternoon. We waited about 15 minutes for a table. When we got a table, we ordered the Sweet Soy Bean Milk, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Turnip Puff and Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns.The Sweet Soy Bean Milk came in a big bowl. It wasn't sweet enough for me, so I had to add extra sugar to it. The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef tasted like peking duck but with a scallion pancake on the outside instead of a soft bun. It was really good and crispy. The Turnip Puff was quite interesting, the outside had sesame seeds, and the inside was vegetables. The Steamed Crab Meat & Pork buns were bigger than most places that I been too. I thought the dumplings had a lot of favor. The dumplings are very popular, so you might have to wait a while for them.  I can't wait to go back and have more dumplings.
Even after they extended the restaurant to three rooms, this place is always crowded. I went this weekend at 2PM and there was still a line. Luckily, speaking Mandarin and smiling at the waitress gave me a bit of an advantage (especially the puppy dog eyes). I definitely suggest coming here with no more than 2 or 4 people, or else you'll be waiting for quite a long time for the tables to conveniently free up next to each other.Something to note: This guy next to me came in and immediately ordered 3 orders of the soup dumplings without looking at the menu. 20 minutes later, he ate all of them by himself.  This moral of the story is that you know you really want to be that guy. He must have been so full and happy.  Other notable thing: The other things on their menu are actually quite good. The noodles are thin and doughy, and I don't think they use too much oil.Based on all the rave reviews, you should probably go to Flushing and try it at least once. I think it's better than Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai Cafe. It's a long trek away from Manhattan, but I've always loved Flushing for their authentic Chinese food. If you're not in the mood for dumplings, there are 30 other amazing restaurants all within a few blocks of each other.  Happy eating!
Once upon a time, I loved soup dumplings.  Then I had them in Shanghai and simply swooned over the perfectly prepared skin, tender and fresh meat filling, and flavorful soup.  Then I returned to NYC and incidentally had them at Joe's Shanghai and was so disappointed I could not finish it.  At a few other venues since, I was equally dissatisfied.A friend noted in passing that this place is always packed and known for their soup dumplings.  I hoped all these people must be onto something.  Being in the area at 5 PM on a weekday last week, with the place virtually empty, I jumped at the opportunity to try it out.  My expectations weren't especially high, all told.We ordered only the crab pork soup dumplings and the fried chive-egg pastry.   The dumplings are worth the hype.  They are not as good as what I had in Shanghai, but they are really the best I've had in NYC.  Wrapping, meat, and soup were all very high-quality and well-prepared.  Thoroughly enjoyed them.  Chive-egg pastry was also a fairly good rendition, with thin, flaky pastry.Its a tiny place so its no wonder they're packed during peak dining hours.  Clean, comfortable, and average service.  Small menu, much of it seems better for sharing than for a single person.  Would definitely return for the dumplings and try some other things.
A great restaurant with the best soup dumplings in Queens. RIce Cake with Shredded Chicken was my favorite when I first entered this restaurant.I love those soup dumplings where it has that feeling when the saliva is running inside your mouth.
The food is all very delicious. However the wait to get seated is unbelievably long, especially since my party of 3 had to sit at a table for 2. Service isn't too great as well. 4 stars are for the food only.
Food was great. Service needs help. I needed a fork a napkin. I got it as I was ready to leave.
Came back and ordered 4 orders of the pork xlbs and they were delicious! It made up for the last time we came for dinner and the food wasn't up to par. We came on a weekday around 4PM and although the place was full, we didn't have to wait for a table.I have recommended this place to many and will continue to come back!
My husband and I have basically made this place a second home.  The soup dumplings are simply amazing!  We prefer the pork dumplings to the crab & pork dumplings, but both are fantastic!  A word of caution to any first-timers: The soup inside of these dumplings  is very hot!  The way I eat them is to place the dumpling onto my soup spoon, then pierce or carefully bite the top of the dumpling to allow some of the steam to escape.  Then, you can add some of the ginger soy sauce provided for an extra element of flavor.  Make sure you don't just pop the dumpling into your mouth whole otherwise you will scorch yourself!I also enjoy the crispy dough, the salt soy bean milk, the dumplings in peanut sauce, the spicy beef tripe salad and the crispy noodles.  The staff are friendly and they always remember us and know what we want.  The restaurant has recently expanded, so they have three adjacent seating areas and can accommodate large parties.  They are also open early and close late, so you can go whenever you have a craving for soup dumplings.  Most important to me, as my friends know, is hygiene.  Their food is clean and I have always left there feeling great (and I am very, very prone to getting sick after a bad meal).  They consistently get "A" ratings, which is so refreshing.It is a shame that they are cash only, but if you walk over a couple of blocks to Main Street, there are maybe 3 banks within close proximity.  I highly recommend this place for their wonderful dumplings - one of my all-time favorite restaurants!
After being a loyal customer of Nan Shian's since before both of their expansions, I am finally ready to sit down and write them a review.  That being said I guess I have some explaining to do with my 3 star rating.I love Nan Shian's food- the quality and the price really make it worth it. Where they lack for me is their service.  Nan Shian's service is a hit or miss.  More-so a miss which happens to be most of the time (lately) for my buddies and I.  One occurrence being this past Monday, as we watch those who came in after us receive their xiao long bao before us and even saw them LEAVE before we got our soup dumplings.  But I think the moment that really defied there service was the time my friend &I  had received the wrong dumplings. (we love the pork&crab combo and we got just crab) We spoke with the manager and he told us there was nothing they could do about it, that they were already made and asked if we wanted to put in another order- that's not okay. (and neither was the tip we left or lack-of)  I use to gluttonize 2-3 times a month in this place. Instead, I now come every once in a few month because I won't allow myself to indulge in BAD service.  So when they are ready to tidy up their tardy and start setting consistant bars of excellence.. I will think about giving them more stars.  though, there's no denying that their food ingeneral and their soup dumplings are one of thee best.. my choice over Joe's, which is why I leave 3 stars.
Great value for the price.  I ordered the steamed pork buns (aka the pork soup dumplings) which were amazing.  Filled with a fatty, well seasoned beef broth, this dumpling is packed with flavor.  the broth contrasts the light airyness of the dumpling.  Careful not to eat right away, they come out steaming hot.  The scallion pancake with beef was great.  Perfectly crispy, light dough wrapped around delicious beef.  I only wish I had more of that beef and sauce on the inside.  The pan fried dumplings were crisp, thin dough, and filled with more delicious juice.  The reoccuring them of these restaurant seems to be delicious juiciness.  I loved the ambiance and restaurant itself, though it was lacking any formal design.  Can't wait to go back!
This place serves some really good dim sum. It reminded me of a place in LA that I really like: Din Tai Fung. I ordered the steamed pork buns, which came out piping hot. I don't know how to make the buns look so cute with the pinched ridges - I just want to eat them up!I didn't feel rushed and the staff were attentive and friendly. I finally got to try a piece of Flushing's cuisine. I'll be back for more.
As someone who grew up in nanxiang, I can testify that the soupy dumplings here are as close to what I remember eating in my childhood as one can find in US.  Others like Joe's Shanghai or Dingtaifeng are just imitators.
Foods were okay, but the service was terrible as hell. The waitress gave me the face when I asked for spoon which she didn't give me at the first time. It's not worth to bear her attitude for this meal.
The XLB here are amazing. The skin is not as thin as the one from Joe Shanghai and the meat inside taste much cleaner because it taste as though they put less msg and it is less oily. And this place knows that they are good. They charge more than most Chinatown places. For 6 XLB they charge $5.50, not a bad deal but most places sell 8 for about $5.I also had the chilli oil noodle with beef. It was very greasy but good and they had peppers in there. $6.95.The rice cake with pork taste great here. They have pork, mushrooms, scallions, preserved vegetables in here and the rice cake are cooked al dente. $6.95.I love this place so far. The service is quick. I came here on a weekday night around 8pm and there were a good amount of people. I recommend this place. I have not decide if I like this place more than Joe since I only been here once. But will update after I try this place out a few more times before I let you know. BTW the menu here is very limited and they do not have Shanghai fried rice on the menu : (And they are CASH ONLY.
I went on a weekday around 2pm and they had nothing but soup dumplings and cold dishes...huh..?
As a part of our afternoon-evening tasting tour of NYC's better Chinese places, I was excited to try this spot in order to compare with Joe's Shanghai.To make a long story short- they're basically a tie.  Why a tie? (Oftentimes I tend to rhyme)When it came to XLB skin texture, Joe's executed perfectly- we had more than a few of our XLBs pop at Nan Xiang- and it WASN'T due to "noob"ish chopstick behavior. It could have been because Nan Xiang stacked our two orders of XLB together, which may have caused the bottom order to accumulate extra moisture, in turn making the skin a bit weaker and prone to puncture. When it came to the flavor of the crab-XLB, I'll give Nan Xiang the upper hand. That crab flavor was really really strong, almost overpowering, but in a good way.  So yes, that's it.  They're both solid spots for XLB.  That's just the truth.
I wanted to force my friends to try authentic Chinese food, so I brought them here for my birthday. Almost all of them ordered noodles, perhaps because they didn't know how AMAZING the soup dumplings are. When they tried them, they regretted not ordering them. I usually get the pork ones and love them. The food is cheap and filling, so I always leave satisfied, The service is not bad. I recommend this for anyone who loves Chinese food or would like to try authentic Chinese food!
Not worth the hype, Kung fu on Main St. (close to 495)  is just as good, if not better. Easier parking, better manner waiters, cleaner as well.
Came here with a friend one evening as it was listed and suggested to be one of the best soup dumplings spots in Queens and across NYC. The place was busy but being a party of 2, we got seated quickly. Their staff gave us a tea pot, something most places don't do unless you ask. We ordered the soup dumplings and some noodles.  The soup dumplings weren't as great as we thought they would be. The skin was weak and would break when we tried to lift it - soup spilling out. The noodles were good, no complaints.Overall, worth trying but not my favorite for soup dumplings. Not impressed.
We had heard that there was a Michelin approved restaurant in this neck of the woods... and a dumpling house at that. We left the hotel in the middle of the night checking our map and making sure everything was right. We guessed at to which way was which and were greeted with the red veneer but only several hops, skips and jumps away. And there was no line at the door... nothing but tables and chairs to host us for the meal to come. Ok, enough of the feebly attempted xmas jingle... we ordered almost a bit of everything. We ordered several dumplings, a plate of folded pancakes and a bowl of pseudo spicy noodle soup. Everything was solid food.. though the ambiance and the service is somewhat lacking that of what you would expect for a Michelin anything... but I'd still come back again!;D
LOVE this spot! I am so grateful they expanded so much, because in the past, there was always a long wait to get in - but now you can easily be seated just about any time of day. The dumplings are freshly made and the noodles have a nice chewiness to it. I am thrilled with their vegetarian noodle soup - which has the most flavorful veg soup I've ever had, and the veg dumplings are also very well executed. This place gets that 5th star for doing vegetarians right and keeping the omnivores happy.
The Nan Xiang dumplings definitely can compete with Joe's dumplings.  It is juicy and tender in one bite.  It is so cheap too, half the price of Joe's.  The wait, depending on group size, but for three people, less then 15 minutes.  Our bill came out to be less than 50 dollars for 4 trays of dumplings and three appetizers.  Overall, Nan Xiang is definitely cheap eats.
Probably one of the best xiao long baos around the neighborhood. Their portions are a bit smaller than their competitors at joe Shanghai. Their rice cake dishes are also very good. Service is fast here, as it is in most places in flushing.
Food is very yummy and proportions are very generous. Came here for lunch, had a soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and pork chop soup noodle. The soup noodle in particular came out in a really huge bowl. Their menu selection is limited but I like this place and will definitely be back. I would avoid Friday and Saturday because I see lines out the door during those hours. The food is good but I don't think it's so good that I stand in line for 45 minutes! Just saying.
Even with a crowd it was a short wait. Alice was the nicest server we've had. Dumplings are still the best as is the scallion pancake with beef. They made us spicy wontons without peanuts. Very accommodating. $42 dinner for 4 with 2 beers. Cannot be beat!!
Just have the soup dumplings. They are amazing!  I don't even care about the rest of their menu. Kinda busy. Hole in the wall. They don't speak English. Will seat you right next to another couple. But just eat their soup dumplings.
Was the 1hr30 trip from Brooklyn to Flushing worth it? Yep.I came here with my friend, excited as ever, to have the soup dumplings. At 7pm-ish on a Sunday night, we were seated right away. We immediately ordered the following:Pickled cucumbers - refreshing and tangy. Great side dish.Spicy Beef & Tripe (cold dish appetizer) - delicious! The tripe was chewy, the beef tender, the spicy level just perfect. It was almost sweet. Yum.Pork & Crab Meat Dumplings (6 pieces) - the star of the show. The dough was firm enough that it didn't break apart as you gently maneuvered the dumpling from basket to spoon with the tongs. The soupy goodness in them was enjoyable on its own, even before taking a bite of the meat. The vinegar helped bring the flavors out more.Pan Fried Pork Dumpling (6 pieces) - although tasty, it wasn't spectacular. Skip it and stick to the soup dumplings!Service is slightly non-existant but hey, as long as you bring me my dishes, I am happy.I will be returning here...often.
Soup dumplings is good compared to the ones I've had in Manhattan. The scallion pancake with beef was a little too sweet for me. Their soy bean milk is really fresh. Noodles are good but not very much meat with it. I will go back and try other stuff on the menu and see how they are.
chicago is great for many many things when it comes to food. maybe i just don't know or tried any better... but awesome soup dumplings are hard to come around. nan xiang soup dumplings are pretty darn tasty! i have only tried soup dumplings in the east coast are from joe's shanghai and here so i suppose my experience is limited to these two places. the dumpling shell here is a bit thicker than the one at joe's but i actually like it that way. it adds a little more texture to the dumpling and goes well with the soy vinegar. the must haves here are:-dumplings (duh)-shanghai panfried udon-scallion pankcake-spicy tendon-spicy tripe/beefmy sister in law always gets the soy milk and says it's the best around! i love coming here when i visit and can't wait to come back with my family.
First time in Flushing and as an ABT (American Born Taiwanese), I was in heaven. The selection of authentic Asian food in this area is to die for, but then again, this is news to no one but me.My sister is a huge fan of xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Actually, it is my firm belief that she is a huge fan of black vinegar and the dumplings are just an afterthought. We arrived at an odd time in they day (around 1PM) and we were seated right away. However, right after we were seated, a line formed at the door. Devil's luck, I guess. Anyways, the place is pretty small, it would probably sit 20-30 people at most. As it was, my sister and I were practically seated at the same table as two other couples. We had to literally stand up and move the table for them to get out. If I was more high maintenance, I would mind, but let's be honest, I'm just there to stuff my face.When we were seated, the first thing they brought to the table was a small dish of vinegar and ginger. Not a menu. Vinegar and ginger. That's when you know you're at the right place, when they automatically assume you are ordering soup dumplings. We shared an order of pork soup dumplings and an order of shui jian bao. They're kind of like...big fried pork buns. I was overexcited when I reached for my first soup dumpling, tore it with the tongs and the soup escaped into the underlying napa leaf. NO WORRIES. DEVOUR NAPA LEAF TOO. However, I must say that I was not terribly impressed with the soup dumplings. The shui jian bao on the other hand was amazing. The bun itself was "Q", a Taiwanese term that describes the chewy consistency of boba, and just the right amount of crispiness on the edges  A little on the oily side, but doesn't that just mean it was cooked with extra love?Rating breakdown:2./2 for Taste - Came here for the soup dumplings, not terribly impressed, but the shui jian bao compensated for my disappointment. 0.5/1 for Value - As an Asian person, paying ~$1 per soup dumpling is akin to asking me to sacrifice my first born...which now that I think about it, sounds actually a lot easier. For that price, I better be blown away.0.5/ 1 for Customer Service - Being a busy restaurant, the waiters were understandably rushed, which in Asian restaurants means curt but speedy. We definitely got the curt, but not so much the speedy. The table next to us waited for a dish for twenty minutes. When they asked the manager, he just replied "It's coming" in Chinese. Eventually, they just asked to pay for what they had received and stormed out. No offers to comp their meal, no attempt to placate the angry customers. But then again, what am I saying, this is an Chinese restaurant.No bonus star. The food was good, the value was all right, but I don't see myself coming all the way out to Flushing just to try this again. If in the area, I would probably choose to hit up White Bear instead. Mm, spicy wontons in the house!
A generally solid place for Xiao Long Bao, they're really good and the broth inside isn't too fatty. Crullers and sweet soy milk are always good too, as are the Shanghai Pan Fried noodles. Lost a star because they lack variety as to what they offer, but overall I've had no complaints about this place.
Yes I'm a sucker for soup dumplings!  My friend took me here as it's one of her favorite places and it didn't disappoint. Of course I burned my mouth on the first one as I'm never patient enough to let the steam out. We had a great meal for a great price and even snagged a parking spot (meter parking) out front. I'll definitely be back!!!
Best dumplings I have ever had. Amazing to have on a cold day. Place can get pretty busy though but atleast you know the food is fresh!
Most authentic soup dumplings I've ever had in North America! I grew up in Shanghai eating soup dumplings all the time. This place had dumplings with so much soup that it surprised me! My boyfriend and I decided to try this place during our temporary stay in NYC and I'm so glad I discovered this gem. The only problem I had with it was its lack of space. Our table was an inch away from the next and there was no sense of privacy. At least the food was good!
Wow!!!!  What can I say. This place is amazing!  Went here tonight with my wife, 4 children, and uncles.  Everything was delicious. We left very full and satisfied.  Aside from the yummy flavors the food temp was perfect! The best soup dumplings everrrrr. Crispy noodles yum! Beef noodle soup!!
authentic cheap open late awesome possum
This place is amazing! Every time someone visits me from out of town, I take them here. The soup dumplings are fantastic and I love their fresh soy milk (sweetened). I've been lucky enough to come at times where there isn't a wait, but I've heard that the wait can get really long. The soup dumplings do take a while time to come out, so be sure to order something else to hold you over.
I love this place!My bf & I always crave the soup dumplings(both regular & crab flavored) once in awhile. I love to take a little bite piece off the edge of the dumpling and drink all the soup before I eat the actual meat & bun! Oh and putting the vinegar sauce jst give dumplings more flavors!!! And the service improved a lot! I used to get upset over the bad service/neglection, but they surely put some effort into it. we used to come in for breakfast, too. Try the salty soy soup. I'm definitely going to try every single dish on the menu. So far I've only conquered 15% of their dishes hahaha
Nan Xiang is delicious and the price is reasonable. Sometime u have to wait a while to be seated but it is definitely worth it! I love almost everything they have from soy bean drink to their famous xiao long bao. But u have to wait about 15 minutes for their xiao long bao because it is made on the spot. Totally worth the wait!
i made a promise to myself a long time ago that I wouldn't live with the "I wish I did that" in the back of my head. I spent enough time in my life feeling that way, so that's done with. So I went to Asia and traveled to all the places I always wanted to go to. And outside of Seoul, my favorite place I visited was Taiwan, because the weather was perfect (I went in March), the people were friendly and unpretentious, and...the food was DOPE.Okay, so if you love tawianese food like I do, this place is a MUST.soup dumplings, best in the 5 buroughs. It's doesn't touch din tai fung, but unless you want to pay for a $1000+ plane ticket to taipei, beggers can't be choosers. salty doughnut with warm soy milk, can't really distinguish between here and taipei night market. beef scallion pancake, damn that's good. beef noodle soup, i personally like the thick chunks of tender beef, thicker noodles, and pickled greens and cilantro - basically their interpretation is the antithesis of all of that - but hey, i still love it :)We are blessed to live in NYC because every neighborhood has the potential to transport you to another world - meet new people, experience new cultures, and yeah....eat f*cking amazing food with stories to tell. So if you miss taiwanese food or want to see what the fuss is all about, I say get your ass on the 7 train and hit up nan xiang.
There is always a wait, but it's quick and you're seated and eating before hunger sets in. It's so much tastier than Joe's Shanghai which I haven't been to in many, many years. I always get the xiao long bao, scallion pancakes, and rice cakes. Their noodles and cold appetizers are really good. Can't really go wrong with anything you order.
Pork and crabmeat dumplings are great.  All the fun sides are tasty and adventurous
This is the best place for dumplings.  Be prepared to wait for a table no matter what time you go.  Their specialty is soup dumplings which you should order as soon as you sit down as those are made fresh and takes time to steam.  Theres a full staff that makes fresh dumplings nonstop during the day.  Their fried dumplings, steamed buns and scallion pancakes are delicious also.  There's a selection of cold appetizers if you want to be adventurous.  I like the wine chicken and the fish.  Their pork chop noodle soup is a favorite of ours. Come hungry and enjoy the wide selection on the menu.
Best soup dumplings in NYC. Knocking down two stars because that's all I like at Nan Xiang, everything else is mediocre imo. Our waiter forgot to give our order to the kitchen so we waited 30+ minutes for our food -_-. I don't recommend ordering the scallion pancakes/scallion pancakes with beef... its just a huge deep fried piece of dough with hardly any scallions and 1 slice of beef. Boo.
I wasn't hungry when I arrived there. It wasn't busy yet so we were seated promptly. I shared the beef scallion pancake.  It was deep fried so it felt heavy. They didn't evenly spread the Hoisan sauce. It was overpowering. The pan fried udon noodles tasted good. It was oily though. And the minced beef was so thin and tiny you would have thought it didn't come with beef. Finally the crab and pork soup dumplings: it was okay! Not bad but not great. It tasted more like fast food. Cash only and beware of long wait during peak time.
The necessities:Pork soup dumplings - well because that's what they're known for!Scallion pancake with beef - great crunchy texture combination with the soft soup dumplingsCucumber & garlic - acts as a cooling agent and cuts through all the oil and fattinessCheap, delicious, authentic and filling! It doesn't get any better.
I've been here a couple of times but my review will be about the last visit not too long ago and was truly disappointed with their service.Came here with the family after having some time to enjoy a quick meal with some good Shanghainese food.  It was a rainy day but luckily we were able to get a seat rather quickly since this place is always packed to the bone!Ordered some soup dumplings (which the waittress said it would be a 25 min wait due to the backorders they have to fulfill), scallion pancakes with sliced beef, spicy wontons and a shanghai seafood noodle dish.  The best dish was probably, yep you guessed it, the shanghai seafood noodle dish.  Were you expecting it to be the soup dumplings?  I couldn't tell you because we waited almost 50 mins and they still never came.  After asking the waiter many times for an update, he just said "Ok" as if he was concerned but instead he didn't want to deal with us bc others at different tables didn't get their orders as well.  We ended up telling them to cancel our order since we had to go.Disappointing when you come here for the primary reason to eat soup dumplings, yet you have to wait forever to get it?  Trust me, from the few times I've ate in the past, it's really NOT worth the wait.
Nan Xiang refers to a small sub-district in Shanghai known for its mantou and in more recent years, its xiao long bao. In China, visitors to the area will most definitely pick up some 'nan xiang xiao long' to mark their visit, akin to cheese steak in philly.Nan Xiang Dumpling House by name alone catches everyone's attention. Can it be? Is the authentic Nan Xiang xiao long here in our very soil? All hail immigration, bitches! If you hate long reviews - I'd say you should stop reading and give them a try. If you want to hear more rants about xiao long bao, here's my take below:Compared to Joe's Shanghai, Nan Xiang's xiao long bao is less salty, less fatty, and less soupy. It is closer to the "real" nan xiang xiao long but in no way does that mean its better. The skin is slightly thinner, which is a testament to their skill. But unfortunately they also break apart more often (proof of their inexperience?). They also offer crabmeat option here. Joe's Shanghai is more daring with their XLB. It's extremely soupy and delivers a more savory taste that's more popular with the Western audiences. Nan Xiang is slightly more tame and delivers a blander taste more welcomed by Chinese eaters (Chinese people who eat, not demons who eat Chinese people.) I do admit that Joe's Shanghai goes overboard with the oil and fat in their other dishes too. So if I am craving rice cakes, Nan Xiang will be my go-to. For XLB alone, I'll recommend Joe's Shanghai over Nan Xiang because they go big on taste and is overall more unique.But for Shanghainese cuisine in general, Nan Xiang comes out on top.
Excellent dumplings, soup dumplings, noodles, scallion pancakes..even the cucumbers were great.  Hot tea is served throughout the whole meal so make sure you order a soda or something.  Service is very fast paced,  sit, eat, get out.  Place is packed so expect to wait for a table.  Other than that, I'll be back here again.
Packed as hell most of the time, so try to come here on a weekday, or when the weather is shit. Their xiao long bao is pretty good, it has a thicker skin (which is my favorite part of this food, to be honest) and a pretty big chunk of pork inside). However, my favorite dish at this restaurant is the Shanghai rice cakes. Oh my god....I've never had such "Q" and chewy stir fried rice cake in my life, even compared to the Mecca of Shanghainese food--Din Tai Fung. The rice cakes are smaller, but packed with 2x more flavor. Their soy milk is also great! My dinner companions and I all ordered sweet soy milk, which came in giant bowls. Our table became pretty packed. The soy milk WILL fill you up more than the food, I think this is how they get you. The quantity is not very big for the price you pay, but you fill up fast from drinking that giant bowl of soy milk!
I recently went here, the food was incredible and the service was wonderful as well. They didn't hover around you or make those fake conversations. We ordered a lot of food and the bill was less than we expected. And the food came out so fast!! We recommend the beef and chili pepper noodle soup and the udon!!
First time here with friends and family and they prefer the pork soup dumplings drunken chicken and so much more. Service is okay Great pricesGreat soy milkYou know what try everything because you're in for a treat. Bon appetite
I have been a longtime customer of this establishment. I have been frequenting this restaurant long before it expanded - I was around when it just opened up and had about 6 tables altogether for seating. After today's visit, I am not coming back here ever again. I strongly believe that the quality of the food is slowly going down. That's usually what happens when a restaurant becomes more well-known and expands to accommodate more customers. Now, don't get me wrong: from what I know (according to my family), the xlb and dumplings are still better what's offered in nearby restaurants. However, everything else on the menu is worse than average. We also ordered vegetarian steamed dumplings and a udon noodle stir-fry. The noodles were the saltiest, greasiest, most disgusting thing that I have ever tried to date. It felt like I was sticking my tongue into a salt shaker - that's how salty it was! As for the vegetarian steamed dumplings, they tasted all right. What completely ruined the dining experience for me was the service. the service was absolutely horrible. In the past, when I would visit this restaurant with my boyfriend (who looks Western), the waitresses would ignore us and tend to the other customers who look clearly Asian and can speak Chinese fluently. They ignored us even if we would politely try to flag them down as they passed our table. But they were forgiven and their actions quickly forgotten because the food was still pretty good, until...Today, one of the waitresses had the gall to yell at my mother. We ordered an extra dish near the end of our meal because we were still hungry. A tall-looking waitress with glasses barely acknowledged our order, and we weren't sure if it was added. So we tried to confirm. Our efforts were met with a rude temper from her and a second shorter waitress with a raspy voice. We were kind of annoyed, but let it go. When our order finally came, the second waitress tried to figure out whose table it belonged to, and so we tried to grab her attention for a good five minutes. The waitress not only ignored us, but she also proceeded to yell at my mother for trying to tell her. Not only that, but she also went around the other tables complaining to other customers about our attitude. That was the breaking point for us.We tried to complain to the cashier, but she denied that the waitress do something that terrible. So we paid our bill, gave them the tip that they deserved (which was zilch), and left the restaurant forever, never to ever return again.
There are much better places with better service and prices in the neighborhood. They aren't the only choice anymore. Service here has become obnoxious, conceited and deplorable. And the portions have becomr much less than before. Such a shame.
Every time when I don't have any other plans I get to really REALLY enjoy good times with my twin Sistah (AKA Elle P.).Back in the days there was only one or two Shanghainese restaurants that served Xiao Lung Bao (AKA Soup Dumplings), Scallion Pancakes, Warm Soy Milk, Noodle soup with Grilled Pork.  I used to LOVE Joe's Shanghai, but Now I've found my New Love of Soup Dumplings!.One night she asked me out (always last minute) and I always end up meeting up with her.  She chose this place (and had been on my bookmark list for over a year!).  Finally was able to try it out.  It was Packed on a Saturday night, You approach to the hostess (by the cashier) to get your number assigned and wait outside (because it's really small inside, and it won't take long if it's a small group).  So get ready to be sandwiched when you sit at a small table.Ordered the Cold Appetizer which was Fried Bean Gluten, Yummy but a tad cold. For drinks, My twin had tea, and I had a Cold Soy milk (sweet).  I was able to taste the soy flavor, and it wasn't super sweet (which I like!)*. Then we had a Scallion Pancake with Sliced beef wrapped around.  The scallion pancake is thick and fluffy, freshly hot, but like my Twin says they put a lot of Hoisin sauce that I couldn't even taste anything than just the sauce.Third order was the Steamed wonton with hot sauce in a bowl (comes in 8 pieces).  My Twin sistah kept asking me questions about this particular order (why there's peanut sauce in it?, Why they didn't mention in the menu, some people might be allergic.  Who invented this?  It's not hot at all.  I "kinda" ignored her cause I was too busy eating **Last order was the Pork and crab soup dumplings (WARNING, Takes more than 15 minutes to make this, if you want this, ORDER ahead of TIME!).  The skin is good enough to hold the soup (not super thick).  Chunks of Crab in every Dumpling.  And another question from my twin was "where's the soup dumpling?" and I said. INSIDE***.  And I gave her couple of options to eat the soup dumplings. My favorite is to Poke a hole in the skin, Pour the soup in the spoon, then put couple of drops of vinegar sauce around  the dumpling and wait for couple of minutes to cool it off.  Then Eat it all!.  At the end I slurp the soup from the  Spoon and VOILA!****At the end we left the place Happy.  PS.......................................... CASH ONLY!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* = Actually it tasted pretty fresh. Like they just made it!** = I didn't ignored her, took me couple of minutes to answer her!.  *** = I did not yell at her FYI. I'm always gentle to her.**** = Apparently the soup fills up the spoon, also not greasy, but soupy flavor!.
Couldn't even stay to eat, once we walked in the hostess eating behind the counter didn't even ask us if we wanted to eat, and the waiter who I tried to ask a question too, didn't acknowledge me the first time and the second time gave me the hand! Needless to say I walked out! Thanks to your horrible staff you lost 2 customers!
Good food - we got the crab and pork XLBs (yes there was a small crab shell in one of my dumplings) and the rice cake dish - both very good. BUT THE BEST THING was the green onion pancake + beef that everyone else has mentioned on yelp. VERYYYY GOOOOOD. :) Also, iced soy milk...tastes like Taiwan. :)
Very authentic Chinese breakfast place. Love their xiaolongbao and shumai. Their xiaolongbao is relatively bigger than the usual ones, but the taste is pretty good. There is a wait usually on weekends but it's not terrible and definitely worth it. The service is pretty quick and nice. I would want to come back another weekend to try their shengjianbao.
the BEST soup dumpling spot in Queens. freshly made and so delicious. the pan fried udon is probably one of the greatest things i've ever eaten. there will definitely be a wait to be seated, but its not too long and its certainly worth the wait.
Nan Shian Dumpling House is a tiny restaurant that can accommodate only about 30 people and serves delicious soup dumplings. Sitting elbow to elbow with strangers, and sharing your table with other parties is to be expected. Once you get past the cramped surroundings, this place isn't bad at all.A lot of comparisons have been made between Nan Shian and Joe's Shanghai. I must say that I thought their soup dumplings tasted very much alike, and the competition is just too close to call. But, in any place that serves soup dumplings, there is always an unpleasant odor in the air. I'm not sure why, it's just how it is. At Joe's Shanghai, it hits you in the face suffocating you and killing your appetite slightly.This wasn't the case here. And for that reason alone, I prefer it.I ordered the Seafood Noodle Soup, which was definitely better than JS. They use different noodles, thin white ones that melt in your mouth as opposed to the thick udon used at other places. They were a little cheap with the scallops, but at only $6.95 for a heaping bowl, I couldn't complain. My Mom ordered the Pan Fried Seafood Udon, which was greasy and delicious. Again, they were cheap with the seafood, but the prices are so low you really can't complain.Three of us ate here, stuffing our faces until we were full and satisfied, and the bill came out to only $39.
Great steamed pork buns, and very friend staff. Most of the clientel is mainly Chinese, but they have menues in English. Its very clean and the place has great prices. The scalion pancake is good too.
Xiao long bao 3/5Spicy beef noodle soup 4/5Rice cake with sea food 3/5Scallion pancake with beef 2/5Service was fast and decent, but the xiao long bao was just not as amazing as I wish they were!! =( Everything else was pretty pare, and the scallion pancake was way too greasy.
Came here for a quick snack and had the Pork+Crab soup dumplings and the chilled Jellyfish with Radish. The dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but it satisfied my cravings. Unfortunately the jellyfish and radish was really oily and bland.
I hate going to Flushing, but Nan Xiang makes it worthwhile. Nan Xiang has changed over the years. From a small restaurant with the capacity fill for maybe 40, to acquiring the space next door, and then expanding even bigger. But one thing hasn't changed. And it is the quality of their food. Whenever I'm here, I always order the same things. The pork soup dumplings or the crab ones (depending on who I'm with) and the pork w/ preserved veggies noodle soup. Both never fails to satisfy me. The soup juice from the dumplings is very clean and love the fatty bits that the filling adds to it. The filling itself is very flavorful. The noodles always taste fresh - is it freshly pulled? Wish I had some dumplings and noodles right now.
The quality of the food here has gone down significantly since last time I came here. Worst of all, the service is horrible, the waiter and waitresses try their hardest to ignore all he customers I noticed.  My wife and I used to LOVE the soup dumplings here, we used to get 2 to 3 orders, now I feel like we're going to eliminate this place as a must go restaurant when we're in Flushing. Also the last few times we've been here, we always had to wait, the line used to go all the way out the door. Now the place is maybe half full... We won't be back for a while.
We're not sure what the hype was about this place. The crab soup dumplings barely had crab in there and we found a couple of them with crab cartilage and crab shells. It tasted more like pork soup dumplings! We have definitely had better soup dumplings from other places in Chinatown. The service wasn't great at all. The cashier in the front seemed like she didn't want to work and when we went up to her to try to be seated, she told us with a nasty attitude to go in the back. The waiters and waitresses seemed like they were pissed to be working. The waitress seemed mad when we wanted to change the meat in the noodle dish. We wanted chicken instead of pork and she seemed all pissed over it. We did not think it was such a big deal. Other places do it for us all the time without any complaints. She needs to learn to calm down and chill.  Our hot sweet soy milk came in a bowl that was hard to drink from. They could have just given us a tall cup. They are not considerate at all. The cold soy milk seems to be popular here though. I don't think we will be coming back. It's definitely not what we expected it to be after we saw all the great reviews. What a disappointment!
We went late at night - and the restaurant was not too busy. We were seated right away. Parking is available for $5 - it is impossible to park in that area.Compared to Din Tai Fung, their dumplings are huge. They were flavorful and juicy. We also ordered noodles with black sauce with chili oil. They were fantastic! We ordered two orders of soup dumplings (8), an order of fried dumplings, and noodles. It came out to be $40. Not bad. The dumplings were a little doughy for me - and i prefer din tai fung because of thinness of the dough.
I fly from San Francisco for these soup dumplings. We don't have anything CLOSE to the quality (looking at you, Kingdom of Dumplings). The broth is not a joke or passing fad here and whenever I come to visit my family, I beg to go here.  (Ugly baby bird gaping kind of beg.) I'm not such a huge fan of crab, but I'm probably just a weird person or FAIL Asian. This spot is WAY better than Joe's Shanghai, all locations.  The broth is smooth and clear, yet incredibly flavorful. The skin is very thin, but will hold up if you eat it quick and don't let it sit too long, so you're not getting a mouthful of fat, chewy dough at all. I hate it when soup dumpling shops have thick skins and little or flavorless broth, it's a huge part of the harmony that takes place in your mouth!!! Yes... even in YOUR mouth if you hurry up and get your butt there. The other dishes are pretty good, though I only eat them because my Dragon Mother glares at me something fierce if I only eat the dumplings... Yea, yea, variety smahriety. I actually really love the sliced jellyfish and radish, though like a true Chinese, I ate it without knowing what it was and liked it despite finding out it was a wiggly nasty stinging monster of the sea.  I like watching the jellies dance in the aquarium, but didn't really consider seeing them on my plate...but anyway, DELICIOUS! Maybe I'm not a FAIL Asian after all. I feel this must be the most legit spot outside of Shanghai, complete with the somewhat aloof and brusk service, but hey, feed me and I have no complaints. Feed me slowly, then that's a different story. Wait lines are insane sometimes. Arrive when you are not starving. Otherwise, arrive with an open mind to eat whatever is placed in front of you. Napkin included. (Don't judge, it happens.)
Yes yes yes! This is definitely the go-to spot for soup dumplings in Flushing. The quality at Joe Shanghai has definitely went down since they opened but this place has constantly provided great tasting dumplings. They also have a better variety of little tapas style food that you can order around your dumplings to make a great meal. Price is also very good.
Omg this place is phenomenal defiantly recommend anybody that would love a morning hearty breakfast
Absolutely delicious.This is definitely one of the places that I'd want to go to whenever I'm in the tri-state area and I very well may make it a point to hang around in Flushing for a bit if I'm simply 'going through.'The skin was a little thck to be absolutely freaking awesome super duper I must come here all the freaking time, but the shear amount of soup that was in these guys put it over into the realm of 5 stars for me.I typically don't like the crab version of XLB that much as they tend to have too much of a "xing wei" to me.  However, these guys were quite mild and delicious.  I preferred them over the plain pork ones for sure.When you visit a place at 11:30pm at night and there's still a wait, you know you up for some good grub.  My cousins, looking over the menu, asked me if I wanted this or that and I simply asked them "is there a place better for that dish?"  Typically the answer would be "yeah this place down the street has better." "We're going there next, then."
Crowded, rushed place.  I don't know. Another place that was overhyped for me perhaps.  I thought the soup dumplings would impress me more than they did.  My date loved them, said they are the best you can get.. Better than at Joe's.I found them a bit bland.   All we ordered were the crab/pork soup dumplings,  so I can't speak on the other dishes.  Would try back for a second shot on a really cold winter day. I like to have hope.  Maybe then I'll see what all the hype is about?
I prefer coming here instead of Joe's Shanghai. They recently expanded this place, and now there are three rooms of seating. I love their soup dumplings with pork (I'm not a fan of the ones with crab). Their scallion pancake with beef is probably the next best thing on the menu. The pan fried udon noodles and the rice cake dishes are good too, but sometimes they add a little too much oil.There are many food options in Flushing, but this restaurant is definitely one of my favorite spots.
This place has pretty good Xiao Long Bao (pork soup dumplings), but I really like their pig ear, jellyfish salad, spicy beef tendon, spicy beef & tripe, Shanghai wonton, and their drunken chicken. Youtiao (chinese doughnut) and du jiang also good.
If you have not been here it is a MUST!!!!! best food around!Everyone MUST try the scallion pancake with beef....LIFE CHANGING!!!!!!!!!!!!
Even though I am Shanghainese, I don't get to eat xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) nearly as much as I would like. In fact, I used to visit the Joe's Shanghai (in Chinatown), before being introduced to Nan Xiang through Yelp. Now, this is the place I go to for some XLB.I recently came here (from the city too!), to eat dinner with my bf and maybe catch the Knicks game somewhere. As it was a chilly day in NYC, I suggested Nan Xiang for some soup dumplings. We arrived shortly before 7 and were seated immediately. We settled on one order of the pork dumplings (6 to an order), and the shredded pork rice cake (nian gao, another Shanghai staple). The dumplings were very good, as were the nian gao, albeit a little harder than I'm used to (that's what she said?). Even though I wasn't particularly hungry (7 is still a little early for dinner for me!), my bf and I demolished all the food. I definitely recommend the pork dumplings, any of the rice cakes and the fried bean gluten. The food isn't terribly expensive, so I do plan on coming back and trying the other things on the menu!They take cash only, so make sure you have some on hand.
I've been here two days in a row! The food is absolutely delicious! The steamed pork and crab buns and fish w/ salt cabbage noodle soup are my favorites so far. I will be trying the sweet soy bean milk and fried dough today as well! This place is a must if you enjoy authentic Chinese cuisine.
I love to try new things, of all the places I've eaten scene my stay in New York. This place is one of the best places I have ever eaten. I never had a Shanghai dumplings before, but I can say that this is the closest dumplings to the real deal.
Very satisfied with the food here. We had the pork chop noodles, dumplings, scallion pancake and the pork buns. Truly satisfying! One downside though, they don't take cash.
This place is legit! I have never had soup dumplings before my first visit here and boy was I missing out. The soup dumplings were so fresh and tasty, thinking about them is making me salivate and want to drive to get some right now. The spicy bamboo was also very very good. I had a noodle soup which was just ok which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. If i only had soup dumplings it would be a 10!
My most recent visit here was abit disappointing because, I always get the soup dumplings. I usually get two serving of it. One pork and one with crab. But this time when I ordered a pork and crab soup dumpling, I notice more than half of them didn't have crab in them. I  wanted to ask one of the staffs' there but decided not to cause I knew it wouldn't matter. How will I prove it, it has the golden bits of crab on top of the dumplings but not inside. Didn't want to leave a tip but saw one of the waiters ran after another customer down and ask them for it. Last thing I want. The skin of the dumplings were ok but a few of them broke when I picked it up. I do like their hot plain soy milk. They are a busy place and popular but that does not mean they should neglict their food service and food quality.
This is my go to place for soup dumplings! Much better then joe shanghai in my opinion. It is usually always packed but I never had to wait long for a seat. Took away one star because it takes a while for the dumplings to be served. Usually all the other food comes first and we would finish pretty much everything before the dumplings are served and by that time we are already full. We had to cancel the dumpling orders on two difference occasions because it took so long and we were too full even though we went there for the dumplings. However it is still very much worth it when I'm in a soup dumpling mode. My favorite are the crab xiao long bap and the regular pork one. The shanghai pan fried udon noodles are very good as well and my boyfriend enjoys the spicy beef tripe. Writing this review makes me hungry.
Great soup dumplings, beef pancake and stir fried rice cakes. Pretty consistent. Always enjoy my food here.
LOVE LOVE this place. Dined in with my sister and brother the other night. They are always packed!! But when you order to pick up they prepare the food quickly. Great service every time. Their pan fried noodles are great, I always get that when I come. Their veggie dumplings are also great. I tried their cucumber salad, was ok...too much garlic for me. If you're in flushing definitely pass by this restaurant and try their dumplings and pan fried noodles.
This Shanghai-style dumpling house sits on Prince Street, which is full of delicious Chinese restaurants. Nan Xiang manages to stand out from the rest with a solid offering of Shanghai cuisine, including what I consider to be the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in NYC!Their menu is very focused, with a great core selection of dishes including various dumplings like their Shanghai Shao Mai, which is filled with a sticky rice mixture. Their noodle soups are also very delicious, with a great, clean-tasting broth and a generous heap of toppings and noodles.On my last trip, we ordered two baskets of xiao long bao, one with crab and one with pork, an order of the shao mai, a salty sticky rice roll, and a pork and cabbage noodle soup. We arrived at around 8:30 on a Sunday morning, and we had no wait.The noodle soup and sticky rice roll arrived first. The noodle soup was a great breakfast. The soup was very savory and clean-tasting, and the pork and cabbage were seasoned very well. The noodles were of the perfect thickness and were cooked to perfection as well. The sticky rice roll arrived in the shape of a banana, wrapped in plastic and cut in half. The filling was salty and complimented the sweet-ish rice perfectly.The shao mai came out next. These are different compared to most shao mai around the area. Instead of a meat mixture filling the dumplings, it is filled with a sticky rice mixture. It has a very interesting texture, and with the soup it was delicious, but perhaps a bit dryish on its own.The highlight of meals here is always the xiao long bao. I've been to a few joints around the city, and I believe that this is the best I've had so far. Both the crab and pork dumplings were seasoned very well, with a perfect amount of the flavorful yet clean-finish broth filling the skins.The service was standard Flushing Chinese service, and was effective.Go here for soup dumplings! Grab a noodle soup as well if you're hungry.
If you love dumplings like I do, this is a must visit. As someone who is not Korean and not terribly familiar with the food, I went with the server's recommendations and a few personal selections. Everything was delicious and I filled myself up. Wonderful service and we got a seat with no problem. Classic mistake--we didn't use the spoons provided to eat the dumplings, so we lost a lot of the tasty juices. Amateurs! I'll try to remember next time.
I had a horrible experience with my boyfriend where our soup dumplings tasted like dish washing liquid. The employee admitted that the utensils may not have been cleaned properly but the entire batch of soup dumplings reeked of soap. Aside from this instance, most of the time the food is good but the service is always terrible. I'm always rushed for my order or ignored by my waiter. On multiple occasions they've forgotten part of my order and refuse to deal with me if I ask what's taking so long. However, this place still remains my go-to spot for soup dumplings in Flushing.
I had soup dumplings in Taiwan and these were even better! Awesome soup dumplings!! Cash only! Great prices, fast service! I get what all the hype is about! I only gave 4 stars due to the informal ambiance but we will be back!
Great soup dumplings (my family always orders the pork and the pork & crab), garlicky seawood and savory sliced pig ears. I like the soup dumplings better than Joe's Shanghai. They have a little area where you can see the women making the soup dumplings and they're always hard at work. I'd skip the noodles; I've tried several (beef and chili pepper noodle soup, panfried seafood noodles, shredded pork panfried noodles) and wasn't impressed by any of them. Scallion pancake was also disappointing, a little too thick, not enough scallion and not flaky enough. The service is typical Flushing service, no frills. It's a good place to eat a satisfying meal. Warning about the soup dumplings: be careful how you eat it because it's steaming hot inside. It might not be the best place to eat if you're starving because if you eat them too quickly, you'll burn your tongue.Edit: went there again tonight and they use real crab meat. I was always a little skeptical but we found little pieces of crab shells in some our soup dumplings tonight. Yum...
I would pick this place over Joe Shanghai any day. The soup dumplings are def made fresher.  I actually feel like its more flavorful too. I love the rice cake nooodles! And their cold appetizers.One thing I dislike is the service. Way to slow..
The churro like dessert donut with soy milk isn't that great but their xiao long bao is the best tasting and the best priced in the city. You will not find another spot that tastes as good and as cheap as Nan Xiang. Worth the trip into Queens.
Came here with some friends, some familiar with Chinese "brunch" and some who only know of Americanized Chinese food. Needless to say, everyone loved it here. The xiaolongbao were pretty darn good, although still not sure if it's worth the trek.We also ordered scallion pancakes with beef, and salty/sweet soy milk. Can't beat $1 sweet soy milk, especially in New York. We also ordered some less adventurous dishes, like dumplings and rice cakes. My white friends were all kind of reluctant at first, but once they tried it all, they were hooked.The check came out to less than $10 a person, and we were all pretty stuffed from all the food we ordered. I live in Manhattan, so I wish it was a little closer, but definitely next time when I'm feeling a trip to Flushing, I'll definitely go here over Joe's Shanghai.
This is the worst restaurant I have met. The waitress is so bad, serving is so slowing like turtle running. Dumplings is like shit! Fucking Chinese things. The ,fucking son of bitch ,waitress attitude is so arrogant.
The BEST soup dumplings in NYC period. I dot wanna hear any shit about joe shanghais so just stop. Also try the Shanghai noodles.
We have been here many times but this is my first time leaving a review. The soup dumplings are the main reason you come here but they also have other things on their menu which should be ordered. We always get the crab soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef, spicy beef with tripe, and a rice cake dish. Why only 4 and not 5 stars? Their service is spotty. There is one girl that has been there for a long time and is always on point but there are others that shouldn't be working there at all. We wanted to order the spicy beef and tripe the last time we were there and she told us they were out, few minutes later 2 tables had their orders placed on their table. Keep in mind this is a cold dish and does not need any prep at all from the kitchen. We asked again and she never came back to our table.
I've had a handful of soup dumplings (mostly mediocre) from various places in NYC. So, I'm confident enough to say that Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai stand out the most. I can't really pinpoint which is better unless I eat them at the same time but Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are above standard (meaty inside, flavorful broth, and thin skin). Here are 2 things I can compare between the two restaurants. You can either order 6 pork dumplings for $5.50 and/or 6 crab & pork dumplings for $6.50 at Nan Xiang while you can get 8 dumplings for similar prices at Joe's. Also, Nan Xiang has less items on its menu (2 pages) compared to Joe's. Another winner dish at Nan Xiang was the scallion pancake with sliced beef. Out of this world! Crispy on the outside and chewy/oily in the inside with a piece of marinated beef covered in lots of sweet hoisin sauce. I do wish there were more scallion pieces in the pancake to enhance the dish. I could eat 2 of this myself and I will next time.Now onto the bad stuff (you knew it was coming)... The sitting situation is a little awkward depending on your luck. These people will stuff you in any table available. We had the worst luck having to sit in a one of the three tables connected together in a row with 2 other groups. As for the service, you'll be treated the same like most Chinese restaurants.  I saw the host "politely" telling one of the patrons to get his own chopsticks... Oh, this may be irrelevant but they also had 6 workers cramped up into a small corner with glass walls making made to order soup dumplings. Is this really necessary?FYI - We had no troubles getting in at 4pm since we got there before the rush. There was a line out the door around 5pm.
Came in 4pm on weekend in the hope to avoid the crowd and taste the famous crab meat xiao long Bao. Yet waited for 30+ min and still waiting. Waitress felt sorry too but what's wrong with the operation.
We love their soup dumplings. Price is very reasonable, just the wait is a little  long .
This is the among most authentic xiaochi (snacks) you can find in the US. Do NOT go here expecting traditional "Cantonese" dim sum.  -Best xiaolongbao (pork soup dumplings) I've tasted in America. Quality surpasses Joe's (thanks to thin skins) and approaches Ding Tai Feng.  -Spicy cucumbers are mild but fresh and tasty.-Xiandoujiang (salty soy milk) was a fully seasoned and delicious, though I would have preferred to add the vinegar myself.-steamed veggie dumplings, bland and lifeless everywhere else, were fully flavored. Wonderful!- Sweet stuffed sticky rice was a little to sugary for my taste.- Everything is inexpensive!-Service was pleasant enough though slow and inaccurate. Washrooms should be kept cleaner.  If these problems can be resolved, Nan Xiang would rate a full 5 stars in my book.Bottom line: Nan Xiang is a rare, treasure.  IVery few places in US are similar, except the few A&J restaurants in Wash DC and California.
Maybe the best XLB outside of Asia.  Nian gao was on point as well.  Everything here was top notch quality and well worth the long wait.
Great soup dumplings (pork buns). Expect a huge lunch crowd. All three dining rooms are full and the line is almost out the door. The crispy noodle dishes are good. Cash only.
This place is good, not great. The soup dumplings yielded excellent savory juices but the filling itself and the skin just didn't impress me. Also, the scallion pancake was way too breaded and deep fried (it's not usually treated like a fritter) but I did like the authentic gingery dip they provided. The pork and vegetable wonton soup was fine, but the broth didn't have a lot of depth. What pleasantly surprised me was the rice cake with shredded pork. Full and flavorful, but not heavy, with generous helpings of rice cake, pork, shittake mushroom, cabbage, and carrots.
I have had many, many soup dumplings, and these are some of the best, if not the best.  Similar to Joe's, but with even thinner dough.  Really, really good.  The other items were awesome too, and everything was super cheap.  On top of that, you don't get the brusque service you get in Chinatown (at least we didn't). Easily worth the trip to Flushing.Cash only...
Being vegetarian, it was a little hard to order from here. The meals that are "non-meat" are pretty simple and loaded with carbs. After eating, we realized that we ate nothing but "bread". However, the food was good. Wish the fried noodle and rice dish had more veggies in it -- but the scallion pancakes were on point. The staff was friendly & the service was quick. It'd probably be a better fit for those who do eat meat though.
Small little place with a HUGE crowd and some decent XLBs. Pretty authentic if you ask me.. I couldn't even read the outdoor sign!XLBs had thin skin and BURNING HOT SOUP. Took a while to get, but I suppose that just means it's super fresh!Spicy beef and tendon.. spicy and full of flavorGreen onion pancakes: Really chewy on the inside, poofy fried crispiness on the outside.Beef roll (green onion pancake with beef): Not much beef, sauce, or flavor on the inside.. sick with the classics people!Overall, food's pretty good, and the prices ain't too shabby either!
Came here while wrapping up an extensive food tour of Flushing with friends. Everyone was stuffed so we just ordered the signature dish here, xiao long bao, both crab and pork. Probably the best version I've had of this dish, with dumplings filled to the brim with piping hot soup. Liked the pork over the crab. Will venture out here again to try other dishes.
4.5 stars (minus .5 for service)Heard from locals to visit this dumpling house on Prince Street.Must orders:  1) steamed crab meat & pork buns. Beware of the juices! It bursts in your mouth (and on your spoon if you don't catch it in time). Pairs well with the vinegar & shaved ginger sauce dipping sauce.  I'm going to miss these flavors...2) pan fried dumplings...the dumpling is juicy on the inside and has a crispy seared outside!...oh so good!  (husband's favorite)3) shanghai pan fried u-don is also a tasty.   Great savory flavors and slightly on the greasy side. Hearty portion. If we had more room in our tummies, would've ordered green onion pancakes. Next time for sure!Service:They took our orders quickly.  Language barriers caused some pointing for clarifications.  A lady wait staff threw one of our dishes, causing some food items to fall off the plate = minus .5 stars.   Other than the minor service boo boo, dumplings were juicy and excellent.
The food is not as good as many people claim them to be and the service is soooooooooo bad. We came here 5 minutes after it opens, and it took the waitress 10 minutes to get the menu. When we made the order, the waitress didn't bother to write it done and then conveniently forgot one of our order. We had to wait for 30 minutes and talked to the waitress twice to get the things figured out.Everyone came after us got their orders and was eating while we stared at our empty table. And when they serve the soymilk, the waitress was so sloppy that the milk got spilled all over the tray. And the waitress is really rude whenever we tried to talk to them. I got so angry at this place and decided to reflect my bad experience on the tips, and before we exited from the front the door, the waitress literally yelled at us and saying that we didn't leave them enough tips. Srsly????? I refused to give more tips and simply told them their bad service and rude attitude didnt deserve any tips
My grandma and my fiancée are both from Shanghai so I've had a lot of great soup dumplings there. I'd give a 4/5 for Nan Xiang's soup dumplings: they are kind of too large and the skin a little bit thicker, but the filling is very tasty and juicy. Besides dumplings other dishes here did not impress me, but I think people come here for dumplings.
My car was looking so bad and Queens Finest collision fixed my car she looks like a princess again I was so happy for the work that they did on my car the Manager Ryan was very Courteous and very helpful I recommend all my family and friend to go there if they need there car to be done my baby is ready for the summer I'm so happy and satisfied.
Decor - 3Service - 3Presentation - 3Taste - 3When this place first opened, I loved it! but that was many years ago.Now, every time I go, all I taste is the MSG in all the kitchen cooked food. I  should have learn after the first 2 times, but for some reason all my friends think this place is really good.  Don't get me wrong the taste is average, but just WAY TOO much MSG for me. Dishes I recommend:Soup DumplingsBeef Noodle Stir-fry
Great xiao long bao place. I would've preferred the skin to be a bit thinner, but nonetheless, the broth inside was rich and the stuffing inside was adequate and tasty.
Their soup dumplings are so yummy...maybe the best in the city.  Prices are extremely reasonable, and while the wait isn't great, the crowds demonstrate what a great "cheap eats" joint this is.  Also try the crispy noodles and the beef scallion pancakes.  The veggies were another pleasant surprise ( cucumbers, mushrooms)
Dumplings were good, but not as good as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. I haven't been to Joe's in Flushing, but Yelp reviews are much better for the one in Chinatown so I'm assuming they're not quite the same.At Joe's Chinatown my taste buds were just excited with all the flavors. Here at Nah Xiang it was something more like home-made kind of good, something that I feel I can make in my kitchen by looking up a recipe online. At Joe's it felt a bit more special than that.The pork and salted cabbage soup was just outright bad. Pork was as chewable as rubber, broth really boring, noodles stuck together and cabbage had a weird flavor. Pretty disappointing. The portion was enough for 3 but I doubt even 1 out of 3 would want it. There are so many good noodle soup options in Flushing that's it's not even worth a try at Nah Xiang's.The scallion pancake with beef was good except for the sauce used on the beef. The taste of the sauce wasn't good and was so overpowering. The rest of the pancake was actually pretty good. I'd order one without beef next time - hopefully it doesn't have that black sauce on it.As true for most spots in Flushing, pricing was more than reasonable.Overall, I'd come back here for dumplings if I didn't want to wait in a 45min line outside of Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown in the freezing cold.
Okay, so, the best option at this spot are the crab xiao long bao. Well, at least in my humble opinion.  Although I'm super openminded about foods, I never realized that buns could be made with crab as a filling.  Well, simply put, it's amazing. This stuff is really the salvation of humanity.  Asian foods to save the world with its variety.  Along with your crab xiao long bao, I also recommend that you add the scallion pancakes.  They are not exactly pancakes but an open mind will thank you.  Scallions are awesome and so is this place.  Highly recommend.
its so far away from manhattan but its worth the trip. the food is cheap (price) and delicious. The xiao long bao is delicious with yummy soup. The scallion pancake with beef is also really good.
I am 100% shanghainess with a very hard-to-please culinary preference. First of all, I classify this as a dim-sum shop and not a restaurant. So other than the steamed mini-pork buns, don't bother with the dishes as they are all pretty much subpar.  The steamed buns (and stop calling them dumplings, only Round-wrapped Boiled things are called dumplings) come in two stuffed fillings, pork and pork/crab meat/crab yellow/egg.IMO, the pork ones are the best in NYC (forget Joe Shanghai, not even close to authentic style with that much soy sauce added). The crab meat ones are at a close second, only inches behind that one tiny shop in the food court of Golden world shopping mall.  Service attitude is indifferent to bad. Waiting gets longer and longer, but hey, their buns are tasty and if you are unhappy with the service, you could choose to cut back on the tip.
This is the only place I would go to when I crave xiao long baos.  Whenever I go there, we would always order 2 or more order of the delcious tiny things.  They are the perfect size with their delicious nice touch of the broth and warming to the heart.  I also love ordering their cold side dishes.  The glutten with the mushroom is a must order! i would always order it and munch on them before my soup dumplings come.  With my drink of choice hot unsweetened soy milk, the dumplings in the mixture of peanut butter sauce is fantastic as well.  It is always crowded in the restaurant and there is always a wait, but its highly recommended and everyone else waiting knows it is good too.  I recommend all my friends to come here for the best tummy warming xiao long bao they have ever had! :)
The food is not terrible, but definitely is not all that good either. Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings are far more superior. The crab soup dumplings does not have any crab flavor at all. I also ordered the beef and pepper noodle soup which was so very bland that I had to pour hot oil in it for it to taste somewhat better. My fiance ordered a fried noodle dish which never came well after 45 minutes (we asked the waitress to check for us too). By then, we already finished the soup dumplings and my noodle soup and still nothing. A guy who sat in the table next to us ordered that same fried noodle dish the same time we did got his in like 10 minutes and by the time he was done eating, we were still waiting for ours. At least if the food was good, I would say it is worth the wait but it really is not. We ended up just canceling that order. They were not apologetic at all. No plans to return.
This Shanghainese restaurant is really authentic. As a Shanghainese now living in New York, I have tried many famous Shanghainese restaurants in the city. But this one is always the closest to my 20+ years memory of classic Shanghai cuisine. To be accurate, the menu provided by this restaurant only covers the food and drinks usually served as the breakfast in Shanghainese culture. Things like Shaobing, Youtiao, Soy Milk, Shanghai Shao Mai, Pan Fried Pork Buns (or Sheng Jian Bao in Chinese) and Salt Soy Bean Curd (or Xian Dou Hua in Chinese) are my favorites.I strongly recommend Steamed Pork Buns (or Xiao Long Bao in Chinese). Steamed Pork Buns have various types in different regions in China. But the one from Shanghai is one of the best, known as 'Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao'. Nan Xiang is a small town located in the suburban area of Shanghai, which is famous for the best Xiao Long Bao.Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Bun is usually considered as a premium variation, as crab meat in China is usually more expensive. I liked it as well, but Steamed Pork Bun, to me, are always the No.1 because it is the most classic.
Small place but the soup dumpling with crab meat are fantastic! Would only go there for that.
The size of their Shanghai pan fried noodles were just like an appetizer.  Other than that, we love especially the scallion pancake with sliced beef, so good!
The dumplings were not among the best but it is one of the good ones. You won't regret coming here and trying this out. I pretty much ordered all the dumplings in the menu because I was really hungry. I pretty much forgot the names but the pan fried are the best. I would skip the soy sauce that's on the table, made the mistake of putting that on the dumplings and ruined most of it. It's sour and not tasty at all. Stay away. The most annoying part is that they do not take cards so have your cash ready or end up walking 2 blocks for the nearest ATM. For the most part, the dumplings are doable, I didn't try the other items in the menu. I did get the spicy beef stripe. That was a really good food. The spice on it is really tangy and has that paprika sort of tongue vibrating ingredient which makes the meat really fun to eat. The only sad part is that it comes cold. I would really love to have that with some liquor. Overall, love the dumplings. Will be back for the other items with CASH!!!
Very authentic shanghai style food . The Xiao long Bao, or soup dumplings, are hot and we'll made so they don't break.  The soup stays inside the dumpling ready to slurp.
I have to be fair:The soup dumplings here were really good.  Skin was thin, soup was tasty, meat was tender.  All the right qualities of soup dumplings.The Shanghai noodles was the disappointment.  They were really hard to chew, sauce was bland, and not enough meat (I only saw a few strips of pork).  They do ask you to share the table with strangers during busy time, so be prepare to jump into other people's conversation and vice versa!
My husband and I dream of this place every few weeks, work up a craving strong enough to brave the ridiculous traffic on Main Street and when we make it, we order our usual: lots of pork soup dumplings, shanghai pan fried udon with extra shanghai bok choy, scallion pancake - sometimes the beef one - spicy cold tripe and beef (he eats the tripe, I eat the beef) - it has cilantro, pepper, celery, yummmm. Today I saw an old man with lots of churros before him and, happening to crave a cronut this morning, asked what it was. One crispy dough without sugar or salt, just plain deep fried dough, yummmmmmm. One for $1.50.
The food is food, just a little wait. Service is ok. I love the rice cake and the beef pancake.
WORTH. THE. WAIT.There's always a hugongo line outside....so just come during the off hours or when they first open! The expanded the place so seating is a lot more abundant and thus the wait isn't terrible. The XLB's are TDF (I ruv abrevs :D). My mom & I come here a lot especially after I returned from studying abroad in Shanghai and really wanted some authentic Shanghai grub. I've had their rice cake w/beef several times and it's good but nothing to rave about. DEF DEF DEF get their crab meat & pork XLB's & sesame cake w/ sliced beef. They've ALWAYS been out of the sticky rice rolls when I go there, but that's because it's more of a breakfast food. Wah. :(
Soup dumplings were only ok.  Not enough crab flavor.  I've had better.  Don't believe the hype.  Girl didn't like it either.
I've already been here twice in three days. First time, we had one order of Xiao Long Bao, and the Beef noodle Soup. The Xiao Long Bao was delicious. The skin was made really well, and it was extremely soupy. According to my friend, the XLBs come freshly steamed everytime someone orders it.The second time we came back, I had one and a half order of XLBs to myself. Boy was I satisfied, especially as it was snowing pretty heavily outside. If you're visiting the area and you've never been here, this place is definitely worth a try.
I love this restaurant! The food definitely is legitimate and super tasty! The prices are so reasonable for the portion sizes.My party tried the pig's ear, jellyfish, scallion pancake and two orders of the Soup Dumplings. All of us were raving about it by the end of the meal. All for $27.The wait outside wasn't too long (approximately 15 minutes) but they are very efficient about getting people in and out. The soup dumplings can take a while to come out because it takes time to make a fresh batch! It is definitely worth the trek out to Flushing from Manhattan because it's cheaper/faster than a flight to Asia :)
Their handmade steamed dumpling: fabulous. It was the right amount of doughy and crunchy for the skin. The meat juices inside was a little bit too oily for my taste, but the seasoning of it was on point. Their wontons were probably my favorite. It was handmade, large (let me say it again: large), perfectly seasoned, with skins at just the right thickness. The broth it came in was clear and refreshing. Aside from that, I also had the roasted duck handpulled noodle soup. Everything, from the duck to the noodles to the broth, was exactly perfect. I must go back for more!
Authentic soup dumplings. Soup is a little fattier than other places. The pork buns are unbelievably good, I've never had anything like it. They take a while to make but you realize why when you first bite in.
Loved this place! Food was great and not greasy. The steamed vegetable dumplings were my favorite  by far! Warning - cash only!!
Great dumpling and noodles!! Michelin guide recommended!*This place is now reopen as of 1/18/2013!!**This place is currently under construction as of 1/8/2013*
I ate here with my family, we got 3 "longs" of xiao long bao, 1. steamed crab and meat pork buns2. steamed pork bunsHIGHLY RECOMMENDEDtheir appetizers the stuff in the front (ALL VERY GOOD) spicy, salty, especially when you're really hungrywe got 3 different kinds of noodle soup1. pork chop noodle soup (kind of bland, btu that's because i'm used to the pork chop lunch box from the old lai lai restaurant on the corner) but the pork chops remind me of that place and it came with A TON of noodle and a little bit of baby bok choy2. Fish and salt cabbage noodle soup - more flavor than the pork chop but both were still very good3. crispy noodle with beef, (any crispy noodle with any topping is AWESOME)overall the food is really good, the service is like you'd expect at any flushing restaurant haha crazy chinese people
Food is always good when I go here! I usually get the xiao long bao and any one of the rice cake dishes. When I want to splurge, I also get the beef wrapped in scallion pancake. I've never tried any of the cold dishes though. Would not recommend coming here with a big group and the waiters are prone to forgetting about you.
xlb sucks. skin super thick super hard super dry. do not understand why there's a line. Shanghai fried noodles is not to the standard too. do not waste your time.
One of the best place for soup dumplings.. it's better then Joe Shanghai. This small but always busy.The soup dumplings are very tasty. But be careful when you eat ir because it is super hot ! If you come here try the beef pancake.. it is a scallion pancake wrap in beef with a sweet sauce.  The price is decent, fairly cheap. I always come here when I want soup dumplings, my favorite one is the crab soup dumplings.
Seeing that Nan Xiang is Michelin recommended I had high expectations.Decor: 3/5Service: 2.5/5-we waited a good 15-20 minutes for 3 orders of steamed pork buns, that's just sillyFood: 2/5- @ $5.50 for six steamed pork buns I expected these to blow away my taste buds. That wasn't the case. With gentle and adept hands, all the buns tore apart so easily ruining the soup dumpling experience. -The dumplings ripped at the bottom so it definitely wasn't how they were handled with the tongs-The dough was slightly thicker and "stickier" than Shanghai Cafe where my lips felt like they would stick to each other too easilyShanghai Cafe -1, Nan Xiang -0
We came on a rainy night, which may have been why we only waited 10 minutes for a table for 5. I had called in advance to see if they served alcohol and they said they only served beer. I asked if I could bring my own wine and the woman on the phone agreed.   The host and server both seemed a bit rude, but I think it may have just been the cultural and language barriers. After we had studied the menu for a bit, the waitress asked us, "What do you want?" At first, it sounded like a very rude way to ask us, but I then realized her English was quite broken and that may have been the only way she knew to ask the question. She was then, very helpful in explaining to us the menu items and answering any follow-up questions we had.    We got scallion pancakes, 3 orders of soup dumplings, pan fried noodles and sipped on the wine we brought from home. The soup dumplings and scallion pancakes were DELICIOUS. The soup dumplings are hot, so you must bite a small hole into it and let the steam out for a minute or so...but once you've bitten into it, the hot soup soothes your soul and will leave you wanting more.  The laughable part was after we feasted, for what seemed like hours...our bill of $47 came. We all laughed. $47 for 5 people is so cheap. We all thoroughly enjoyed our experience, from the food, to the helpful staff, eager to bring us more orders of dumplings.    I went back the next day on my own. I ordered to go, an order of soup dumplings because I just HAD to taste them again.
I know this place is known for their soup dumplings, and I'm sure they are amazing, but I have never had them. I always get the veggie dumplings and they are good too! My aunt and I are vegetarians so we always get an order or two of these while my parents and uncle chow down on some chicken noodle dish and those damn good smelling and looking soup dumplings.The service here is typical no nonsense no frills Chinese restaurant service. Quick, efficient, not unpleasant.
Excellent Soup Dumplings...You can watch the Three Dumpling Ladies make them fresh and steaming hot right to your table.  Paired with the Shanghai Pan Fried Udon or Scallion Pancake, you will definitely not go home hungry.
They literally just expanded this place again and now the space is even bigger What does that mean wait time to sit down is nothing now !!ProsSoup dumpling - originals or crabPan fried noodlesScallion pancakes original or meatFree tea !!Cons You eat so much and then you see the bill It's not expensive but if you love to eat and have a deep stomach your going to spend 25 but you will have the best food ever !!!
Great food. Left satisfied
I Loved this Dumpling House. Decent Food. Great traditional Dishes.
What is soupy, tasty, meaty, and awesome - their dumplings!!!!   This place had amazing food.  I went with EC and Jay and we ordered up a storm.  Jay had the most amazing soup with meat and noodles and also the pan fried noodles he had were the bomb!!!!  EC and I had seafood udon noodles which were only okay - the fish was the best part.  We also had turnip rolls and those dumplings.  Overall a really tasty experience - I will be going back!!!
Omg their bun is the best ever! I love it love it love it! Definitely recommend to anybody who wanna get some authentic chinese Shanghai xiao long bun!
Xiao long bao, xiaolong bao, xiaolong bao and spicy beef noodle soup. Wish there were more dishes to order here but why mess with greatness?Long waits, check. Harried waitstaff, check, cash only, check. Flushing parking, check.Net net, epic food at flushing prices. Can't remember joe's shanghai, it's been so long since this place came into my life.
Absolutely worth the wait. Enjoyed lunch here with a large group of friends. Soup dumplings, pancakes, dim sum, rice cakes, a variety of soups (among several others that we tried), everything was cooked and spiced to perfection. The soup dumplings were a treat.The seafood soup and the spicy beef dim sum were my two favorites. Rich broth and tender noodles in the soup and a wonderful spicy peanut dressing on the dim sum.The restaurant was packed on a Saturday, and we had to wait about 15 minutes (as promised), our wait staff was terrific and the many dishes we ordered delivered in nice succession allowing the meal to continue at a delicious pace.Would definitely come back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Very authentic place for Shanghai soup dumplings. Get the beef noodle broth and taro fritters. What a gem in the heart of flushing. Parking could e a problem so take public transportation.
Cheap, delicious soup dumplings. It doesn't get any better than that. They offer two types of soup dumplings - regular pork and pork + crab. I say, get one of each and go to town. I usually order a cold dish appetizer (I'd recommend the seaweed or the fried gluten) and a rice cake dish to go along with the dumplings. All this for ~$10 a person if you're with 2 or 3 friends.
Great food. Low price. Sometimes line can be long for big groups. One of the best Xiaolongbao places in NY
I haven't been to this dumpling house for awhile.  My cousin visiting from HK, naturally I want to take her to the best restaurant In the area.  What a disappointment!  The services were just terrible.  Customers standing by the door with plenty of empty tables inside.   Staff can't be bother.  It seems that they don't really need the business. Waiters need to call for everything, extra tea, plates, chopsticks etc.    Many other choices in the area.  Will not be going back to this one.
The soup dumplings here are a must!  Also try their noodle soups and the rice cake dishes.
I came for one thing and one thing only, their xiao long bao.  I ordered two portions of xioa long bao since I am allergic to crab.Well the xiao long bao was good it wasn't super amazing that I would come here for these.  They were not really a step above others.One thing I notice is that each order comes with six baos instead of the usual eight which was a little of a bummer for me.The reason why they got three stars was the horrible service.  I finished my tea before they even bought my order.  Then two waitress bought food and none of them offer to refill my drink.  Then I asked for hot sauce and one of them claim they would be back.  They never came back with my hot sauce.
I love soup dumplings - in particular, those from Joe's Shanghai (*NOTE* the Chinatown location is better and cheaper than the Midtown West location).  However, I keep worrying that perhaps Joe's Shanghai is a tourist trap, which has led me to believe I need to investigate other options.  So, on a cold Saturday night, I ventured all the way out to Flushing to try the pork and crab + pork soup dumplings at Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  Although I was very concerned by the "C" rating from the Health Department on the front door, I (perhaps stupidly) decided to try them anyway.  Man, what a let down.  Joe's Shanghai continues to rule supreme (for the dumplings, at least - I haven't tried any of the other items at either place).  The dumplings at Nan Xiang Dumpling House are not hot enough, the skin is far too thick, and the flavor is just so-so.  Everything about the dumplings at Joe's Shanghai is vastly superior.  Also, the hot tea at Joe's Shanghai is wonderful, whereas the tea here tasted so metallic that I felt as if it was numbing my throat.  I definitely would not trek all the way here again; in fact, I don't think I'd eat here again even if I was in the area already.
Pretty decent soup dumplings at wallet friendly prices! Their zha ziang mian is pretty good too, would come back from more!
My husband who isnt asian... went with my father and I for lunch.  He enjoyed his juicy buns and he enjoyed his apps... but this place I believe has expanded... Ive been to this place both when it was tiny tiny and bigger and each time we had to wait.. I guess juicy buns are in great demand!
My Chinese Immigrant ex-gf introduced me to this place...It's heavily frequented by asians as their main clientele but the dumplings are to die for and are infinitely better than Joe's Shanghai...The soup dumplings are soo good that it was worth me taking 40 minutes to get there from midtown manhattan.  The skin is delicate but the insides are juicy and until i learned how to properly eat them, i would make a mess...I miss this place since i live 700 miles away and have yet to find a place near me that makes it. So if you're on the fence, get here and order some goddamn soup dumplings.
Very nice soup dumplings, but not worth making the trip from Manhattan or Brooklyn just for them.  I think Joe's Shangai are probably just as delicious, and for me, closer.
Having a bad day? No worries, JUST STOP AND GET YOURSELF HERE. There's food-coma therapy, and then there's XIAO LONG BAO aka SOUP DUMPLING therapy. I was a long time believer that laughter is the best cure for any non-physical ailment. After coming to Nan Xiang Dumpling House, I stand corrected. These little mouthfuls of heaven must have been touched with some sort of divine healing elixir. Back in my college days, there was more than one night, where a few friends and I would rent a car and come out here just for these dumplings. If you're coming here, expect a wait. If you're driving in, drop the passengers off first to grab a table, while you go find parking (you'll have plenty of time). It's usually not too long; On average, it's usually a 25 minute wait for a table of 4. The place is designed for efficiency, nothing too fancy inside; you come here to eat. I tend to frequent this establishment with a certain snorlax-like friend. Our appetites combined...a force to be reckoned with. Appetizer-wise, our usual favorites are the scallion pancakes, spicy beef & tripe (my personal favorite), and Fried Shanghainese Udon Noodles. Then....WE GET TO STACKINGGG! I usually aim for 3 steamed tray fulls (there's 6 in each tray). If you're a light eater, I'd recommend anywhere from 6-12 (1-2 trays) soup dumplings. We usually get an even split of the crab flavored ones and the normal pork flavored ones. When I see our order of stacks being carried over by our waiter (so much respect for them, their faces are usually completely hidden by the stacked crates of soup dumplings, takes some real talent to know where they're walking), my eyes light up like Christmas lights. Before we found this place, I used to go with my family to Joe Shanghai for soup dumplings. Although they're not bad, the experience you have eating the ones here is completely different. EVERY SINGLE DUMPLING tastes as good as the first one, they possibly even get better... YOU CANNOT EXPLAIN THAT, IT IS SORCERY. At most other places, the first 5 or so will be delicious, but I tend to get rather tired of it sooner or later. Perhaps it's because these dumplings don't feel as heavy or taste as greasy? Bleh, can't explain the inexplicable... The only thing that will stop you from eating a thousand of these is that your stomach is sadly too small to contain them.Just as the dumplings get better with each bite... so will your day, I guarantee it! Quick tidbit: All the restaurants on this block are owned by the same owner. If you per chance visit any of his other establishments, you can kindly request for them to send over some soup dumplings as well. =]
Best soup dumpling spot in flushing actually in NYC! Other than that we really like the beef and chili peppers over noodles. It starts getting crowded before lunch especially on the weekends! Best time to go is either really early am or weeknight for dinner.
The food here was heaven...not sure what else I can say about it.  Just be prepared for a busy, somewhat loud experience when you get here but don't fret, the food will make all that go away. :)
"soup dumplings? on a cold day? gee willickers, that would rustle my jimmies!"I was foolish to think that just a steamed pork bun at a Chinese bakery would stop my raging appetite post-blood donation. to that end, it was time to consult the Yelp app to see what places in Flushing I needed to knock off my ever-growing bookmarks list. and it seems half my friends have been here......and so, our brave hero came to Nan Xiang, promptly seated at a table with a few random Asian teenagers and handed a cup of hot tea. an order of pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake were ordered.the scallion pancake was crispy and fluffy. not the best one I've had, but pretty good (I think it was just the plain one...didn't taste any beef in it). the chili sauce on the table definitely helped, to be fair.the soup dumplings are, as you've probably gathered from other reviews, fantastic. the dough has the perfect consistency - tough enough to not break instantly, yet soft enough so you can be a vampire and drain them of the delicious broth inside. the meat was tender and flavorful. I'm sure the teenagers next to me were bewildered by my tenacity at attacking the soup dumplings. you get 6 with your order, and they're pretty hefty too.prices are alright - the whole meal cost $9.20. service was fairly fast. it seems that early afternoon on a weekday was the right time to go here, since it was busy but not packed.are they the best soup dumplings? I'm not sure - I'll need to do more "gastronomic investigation" to decide - but Nan Xiang is definitely high on the list for me at this point.
This is one of those places that has gotten way too popular. I normally hate going to Flushing or Chinatown, but the xiao long bao here is just so good and everyone else likes it. The menu has typical Shanghai food like scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. Pretty much everyone I know will get these two along with something else. I normally only eat this and occasionally the deep fried buns, which are really good but also seem really unhealthy. I think that the food here is probably the best out of any Shanghainese place in the city, and is priced fairly reasonably.The main issue with this place is the wait. Even though I know NYC places can get crowded once they become popular, this has to be something else. I expect expensive places to have crowds like this, not some fairly cheap place in Flushing of all places. Every time I've come here there's always been a wait of at least 20 minutes. Normally I don't mind, but the space is so cramped that waiting for even small amounts of time is such a pain, with people constantly walking past you. If you can tolerate the wait, the food is definitely worth it. Just be prepared to wait a long time, even in the mid afternoon at 2pm or so.
Dump him. Just dump him in the trash can and never look back. I know Joe meant a lot, he meant a lot to me too. His little soup dumplings, prime Chinatown location, celebrity on the wall fame... We had a good run. For a whole year I really thought he was the best in the area as well... But some things just aren't meant to be.The soup dumplings are better here, especially the crab one, you really feel like you are eating crab. Dumplings come a little bit slower... But I am ok with that. The appetizers are delicious: CUCUMBER WITH GAHH-LIC!! Marinated perfectly. Stir fried noodles were delicious. Scallion pancakes were minimally oily, delicious. Give yourself the strength to get to Flushing and realize what you have been missing in your heart and your stomach this entire time. It's never too late. Never too late.
Don't get me wrong. The food is amazing here. The only eyesore and frustration is the (fugly b*tch) cashier named "fei" (saw this on the receipt, not sure if that's her real unfortunate name). I'd never seen such horrendous service to a customer until tonight. She first told me In a rude tone to order everything at one time because she could only enter once; then she yelled at me for not using the "full name of the item" and for ordering things she already told me they ran out; then she asked me to enunciate each item (guess her hearing is compromised by her temper) and when I did she made fun of me. I don't live in Flushing, so I was here just for the food; otherwise I would have stormed out immediately. I just wanna say, "I know you may hate your life, but treat your customers well. You can't survive in the restaurant/service scene if you are a d ou che-bag. Period."
I have to agree with most reviews that this is THE BEST Xiao Long Bao place in NYC.This place is definitely WAY better than Joe Shanghai's!Been going for quite some time now and honestly the XLB are the only item on the menu that I actually really like but since this is what they are known for its gets them 4 stars in my book. All the other things I've tried are average and tend to be on the greasy side. They took over and renovated the adjoining restaurant some months ago so there is almost double the seating now so waiting isn't as long as before. Still the restaurant feels really cramped since they squeeze in as many tables and chairs as possible. Servers are often forgetful and unapologetic when you've asked for something for the 10th time.
After having a terrible craving for soup dumplings, I decided to trek to Main street and try this place. I don't know why I was surprised to find that they only accepted cash but as usual I didn't have any on me and was forced to walk back a few blocks and use the ATM. Since my craving was strong, I didn't mind going back because I was sure that these dumplings were going to be worth it. Cash in hand, I enter the restaurant and put in my order for sesame pancakes, veggie dumplings, pork dumplings, and the crispy chicken noodle. The pancake and noodles came out sporadically and they were both pretty good. The sesame pancake was phenomenal and on several occasions I've day dreamed about them. The noodles were decent but they were swimming in sauce. It was just way too much for me but I still enjoyed it. I paced myself with these items because I was still waiting for my dumplings. I waited and waited and waited and politely asked a few servers about the status of my order but nothing came. Every table around me got their dumplings and all of them had arrived after me. Finally after asking for the 1000th time, I got my order....cold. It was frustrating and disappointing. They waitress apologized and said the order got lost but to be honest, it was really a big let down. The "soup" part of the dumpling had already disappeared and I could only eat 1 and let the rest go. I really really wanted to love this place. I overlooked the cash only thing, the sporadic arrival of my food, and the long wait because I really wanted to savor the broth in the dumplings but I wasn't able to. This place was good over all but the bad experience has made it so I will not return.
This place's food is pretty good, totally recommended, but be aware!!!! Since they're really busy their service might not be the best one you'll experience! But definitely go for the food!!!!!
First place I had ever been to in flushing. Great place with very good pricing.The food was so cheap and so tasty that our group ordered maybe 6 dishes for only 3 people.We of course got the famous Xiao long Bao and it was delicious. We also had some beef wrapped in scallion pancakes which was also great. However for some it may be a bit too flavorful with the sauce but for me it was great.Service was pretty decent considering how cheap the food was. Would def go again. Top places in Flushing.
I've never had soup dumplings before and I'm in love! I came here on a Thursday night around 11pm. We placed an order for the dumplings and the spicy beef tendon. I'm not a great fan of cold meat dishes but I tried it and the flavor was good. The pork and crab dumplings will be on my list of top ten favorite things. I added a little vinegar and pepper and it was amazing! Can't wait to bring my dad here when he comes to visit!!! There are Michelin guide ratings in the window for good reason. Coming here is a MUST!!!
When you see a line that is always a sure sign you find the place to be. Combine this line with the rave reviews that total a four star average from 1200 yelper a and you start to set some expectations. I have to admit when we saw a "c" health inspection rating form the window, I was hesitant to continue waiting....I still had the latest news of violations that closed Joe's still fresh on the brain. After hemming and hawing, we decided to risk it. Our wait was probably a solid 49 minutes on a Saturday. Once we were seated we quickly ordered crispy noodles with chicken, the pork soup dumplings and sliced beef scallion pancake. Everything was really really good. I wish there was a side of rice I could have ordered for the noodles as the sauce was a tad salty for me to eat alone-but the flavors were really full and delicious. The pancake was crispy and we loved how the dumplings were so juicy! We also appreciated that they were so accommodating to our Requests. I wish our server could have stopped by a few times, but thy were prompt to address is if we flagged them down. I totally agree the food is on par or even better than some really well known names-and really appreciate the treasure this hole in the wall embodies. The touches were so cheap our bill for the three dishes came out to be about 29 bucks- and we were full. Well worth the trip to queens and glad we got to try it. Now if only their safetyInspection rating can get back up to an a....
Best southern style noodles, fried dumplings, fried rice cakes place. They have most common southern style Chinese breakfast. The xiao long bao is not the best in my opinion since I been to nan Xiang and had xiao long bao there. It's pretty good but not authentic enough. The fried rice cake and Fried dumplings are really good.
My absolute favorite place to get soup dumplings. I always get the pork over the crab (not a big fan of the crab flavor). There is plenty of soup in each dumpling, which i enjoy, and though there isn't too much flavor in the pork, a little bit of soy sauce can fix that. After I am full, there is something about it that leaves me craving for more.This place is cash only and does get very busy so unless you come at off peak hours, don't come on an empty stomach.
As different as this place is from the shanghai counterpart, the food, where it matters, is identical. I don't know if the Nan Xiang here is at all related to the tourist trap in Shanghai that caters nearly exclusively to domestic and Japanese tourists. Everyone here seemed to be from New York, but it begs you to order its soup dumplings in the same way.Right in the middle of the dining area is the kitchen where they hand roll the skins and hand stuff the filling, assembly line style. The product is as good as you would expect fresh, made from scratch dumplings to taste. Soup dumplings (XLB) are not my favorite food in the world, and I think maybe they're a bit over-scrutinized. I visited Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown in the same trip and I really couldn't tell the difference. I much prefer the no-nonsense attitude here though. There's no pretending to be a restaurant going on; it's XLB and small dishes only.
I stumbled in this place after having walked around a nearby neighborhood and used Yelp's nearby search for some decent Chinese food. My only regret is that I came here with my kosher husband with whom I feel super guilty eating shellfish in front of, so I made the super, super stupid mistake of NOT ORDERING ANY DUMPLINGS. Well, if they had a sole crab meat one, I could have, but almost all their dumplings had pork in them and I wasn't in the mood to go vegetarian. Stop staring and give me hug. I need one. I gave up pork back in May, I'm still traumatized.Instead, he got a seafood noodle soup and I waited forever (and ever, and ever) for rice cake with beef shredded chicken (what kind of idiot orders a rice cake dish at a restaurant does dumplings?). The rice cakes were a disappointment and by the time I finished, I wasn't hungry to try anything else. The 3-star rating is for their non-dumpling food, but based on what I smelled and what everyone else ordered, I'm sure the star rating would go up if I'd ordered dumplings. Service is as most people mentioned, pretty laissez-faire / borderline rude/we don't care about you. I hope to return.
A casual fast food house serving soup dumplings that are second to none.  Other food choices to satisfy your culinary desire for Shanghai-like delicacies are scallion pancakes and pan fried udon. Try the cold dished fried bean gluten and give your palate a jolt with the spicy beef and tripe.  Come to eat but don't expect to be pampered.  Cash only.
My experience with soup dumplings is limited. It's pretty much just Shangai Cafe for me, which I happen to be very fond of. I'm almost never in Flushing so I don't get to be treated to deliciousness like this too often.I won some cool points with my friend for knowing how to eat these (and get them out of the steamer) without breaking them. It's not that hard, honestly. I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been said. They're wonderfully made, full of delicious soupy goodness, and worth every penny. The service could stand to be a bit more attentive, though. I've never seen staff so reluctant to take money. Then, when my friend took some of the leftover dumplings to go, they were literally tossed on the table. Not cool. It's 3 star service of 5 star dumplings. If I were in Flushing, I'd grab some, but you won't find me trekking out here from Brooklyn too often.
Everything's made fresh to order! Can't get any better than that! The food is amazingly delicious! Can I be anymore excited about this place? No! It's that good. Trust me. You have to go!!!!I had their xiao long bao and fresh-made soy milk. Let's just say I was in a really happy place after that :DOne note though..it gets crowded really fast so go early or during off times.
nice dumplings, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it.  Their noodle dish was average.  Scallion pancakes were doughy and a bit greasy.
Tasty, much better than Joe's but I'm not sure it's worth the one hour wait (20 min to get seated, 30+ min to cook the buns??).  The lady told us order fast and eat fast but she was nice in checking on my to go order.  It is overwhelmingly inefficient in that place.  There are three areas of seating but just a 10x10 kitchen!
After a surprisingly short wait (around 10 minutes) during the Sunday lunch crunch, we were seated at a table for 2. Immediately ordered:+Shanghai style noodles with seafood (yum - a large plate for $10)+Scallion pancake with beef (the best thing we had - chewy, saucy, just the right amount of beef)+XLB pork+XLB pork & crab+warm soy milk bowl (what's not to like?)The XLB were OK, not great, not amazing. The skin is on the thicker side, and while there's a TON of soup in the dumplings, it isn't very flavorful - and neither is the meat. I usually scarf down a pan by myself before slowing down, but with the XLB here, I was done after just a few. I wouldn't go out of the way to have these. Service is efficient but pleasant (and we did not speak any Chinese). Parking's painful but there's a few garages a block or two away (apart from the small municipal lot) that are pretty inexpensive ($6 for 2 hours).
3.5 The XLBs were good, but not the best I've had. Sliced pig ear was mediocre - needed more seasoning. Salted soy milk was actually really good, probably the thing I liked the most here.Overall, I'm not sure I would trek all the way out here again for this place.
The most stupid waiter & the slowest service I ever had in my whole life. The server even judged my BF & my behaviors?! Are u kidding me? The quality of their Soup dumplings are even getting worse and worse with every time I went there. U can also find very authentic and good soup dumplings in other places in this city anyway, why u still need to go to this place to tolerate the most arrogant waiter & the slowest service?!
Most of the negative reviews here are from non asians!! Come on really??? What do they know about chinese/asian food?? Nina R doesnt even know what shes talking about when it comes to soup dumplings! Lol
Very poor attitude. We went in and told them how many we have, they just said wait a bit, but actually it's all full and no table available.The bitch at the front is so shit face the whole time. But the other side of the restaurant was all empty, maybe they're famous now so they don't mind not doing more business? Opening another table is too troublesome? Then that's fine, we don't need to go there anymore.
Service was bad from the moment we walked in. They took about 5 minutes to clean off empty tables to seat us after the lunch rush. The waiter only filled 2 out of 3 cups. The waiter failed to write down our order and hence forgot half of it. I rarely give 0 tip, but this was one case that 0 was deserved.Even if basing the review on the food quality alone, i would rate it below average compare to equivalent restaurants that i have had in Los Angeles (my town). The soy milk tasted a little bit more above warm water. There was no flavor in the soup of the siu long bao. Not much flavor in the beef pancake either.
I came here and ordered 4 things:Salty soybean milkI ordered the salty soybean milk to try it after reading the reviews on here. Gross. I had no idea what was in it.  I tried to eat it and it was okay, but I found something that looked like a hair.  I asked the waitress to take a look and she said it was shrimp hair.  She wouldn't take it back.  I guess I should have done my research to know that the salty soy was listed under breakfast and would contain shrimp.  I don't care what it is, but it killed my appetite.  I should have known. Most American restaurants would take stuff back even if it wasn't a human hair just as a gesture of good faith, but I had a waiter at another restaurant say that the worm found in my spinach was edible - this restaurant is no different. Spicy wonton - This was like dumplings that sat in a bowl full of spicy sesame oil and peanut sauce.  It was like Satay sauce. Okay, but it wasn't very appetizing.Pan friend Udon - this was okay, but still not that good. Soup dumplings - okay, but not as piping hot and good as Joe Shanghai'sJoe Shanghai's is still king in my book.
I love soup dumpling, and raccomend to take scallion pancake you will not regret !!!!You will love
Truly delicious soup dumplings. Two people can pig out for a total of $20 + tip. If you're new to this world, eating here can get confusing. So a few suggestions...For starters, we went yesterday -- Saturday -- and dreaded waiting on line. But we got there at about 3:30 and were seated within 15 minutes. By 4 p.m., the tables were turning over at 5-minute intervals. Remember, this place is cash only!Now, the food....The soup dumplings are listed as "dim sum." The top picks are either  pork or pork-and-crabmeat. You don't need to taste both. One type is enough. If you're not allergic to shellfish, the crabmeat version has a little more flavor. And for two people, one order can be enough; there's tons of other stuff to eat here. The soy milk soups are hot broths that are slightly coagulated -- on their way to becoming tofu but not that dense yet.  We had one bowl of the salty-savory version, which was great. Next time, will try a sweet one.The scallion pancakes are like none I've ever had. They're fried to a golden crispy crust; would be very tasty with a side dish. Watching the Chinese couple next to me, I know how I would eat here next time. For two people, I'd do a soy milk soup, the scallion pancakes, a noodle dish, one order of pork-and-crabmeat dumplings. At several tables filled with Chinese diners, I noticed a certain-sized bowl. When I asked the waitress what these people were having, she said it was the chicken soup. So we'll try that next time too.
Apparently there is a East Coast, West Coast rivalry thing going on here between Nan Xiang and Joe Shanghai. I hate to say it but when it comes to Soup Dumplings, Nan Xiang wins it hands down in my opinion. The skin is thinner and the soup is lighter and much cleaner tasting. The only problem is... I did not enjoy anything else that i tried here. I came here a few times and got the items that i usually order at other restaurants and did not enjoy any of them. Ugh! How i wish i could find something else that i really enjoy so that i can keep coming here and have more than just soup dumplings. but yeah that was not the case.
Their dumplings are perfectly made. The dough is firm enough to hold the meat and juices but soft enough to just pierce and dump in the vinegar sauce.Beef noodle soup was absolutely wonderful! Noodles were soft and chewy. Broth was very flavorful!Fresh soybean drink was smooth. It help cut the richness from the dumplings and beef noodle soup.Also had pickled cucumbers which were so delicious and refreshing!
Juicy xiao long (don't you toss out a generic term for a specific food), thin skin, relatively fast (despite barely minimum) service.  Xiao long is satisfying for the craving, although the flavor is not exactly what you would get in Shanghai or Wu Xi due to the regulatory requirements for meat products.Be aware of the greasy soup in the xiao long in terms of temperature (burningly hot), and calories (Jan. is still the month to implement the new year resolution).  Drink up the dipping sauce to off set the grease, and the slices of ginger is pretty tasty and healthy too!Bon Appetite~
The food is terrific, I absolutely love the lobster BLT.  So it pains me to complain but I felt compelled after my experience at Madison Square Park EATS.  I made a beeline for the Lobster Pound stand and found the menu listing the BLT at $12, up from the $10 it was just last fall. Sucks but not the worst thing ever, prices rise.  But once I was charged for it, the server said it was $13.06.  That was ugly. The hidden charge for tax plus it being a crooked number added four dollars to the mental experience, since I was expecting it to be 10.   The .06 essentially makes it 14 because who wants to carry 94 cents and what can you do with it anyway?  Tell me what it costs and I'll pay, don't trick me which makes me feel you are trying to take advantage and pull a fast one over on me (and other customers). The disingenuous nature of nickel and dime philosophy left the proverbial bad taste in my mouth.  Which doesn't supersede the great taste of the food however it definitely will preclude me from being a repeat customer and will mean when next time comes, I only get one.Adding to the unpleasant service was when I called the Brooklyn location hoping to express my feedback, I got voicemail saying they'd love to speak with me but were too busy.Don't get too big for your britches there, Lobster Pound.  You have begun driving away a huge fan.
Authentic and satisfying.Good food at a fair price. Comfortable seating when it is not crowded.The food here meets my expectations of a traditional meal. Give them a try.
I really, really, really wanted to love this place. I've heard so many good things about this place, so I came here expecting xiao long bao that would blow me out of my mind, but I was very disappointed. It wasn't that it was bad, but it wasn't anything really special either. Heck, I think Joe's Shangai's XLB was better (back in the day... now it's just... bleh). Maybe it was just a bad day for them, maybe not. But I couldn't really see what the hype about this place was.The service is anywhere from meh to none. What do you expect from a place run by Chinese people? The waiter forgot to serve us tea until about 10 minutes after we ordered. I guess one good thing about this place is that I didn't feel rushed, even though there was a super long line outside the restaurant. Anyways, the rest of the things we ordered were pretty decent. Nothing mind-blowing though. Heck, I don't really see the difference between the food served here and other places in Flushing. I might come back another time to try their XLB again, but it probably won't be soon.
I had another great meal here today, maybe the best yet. They've opened up another dining room to the right, so there's more space and less of a wait. We also got a good table with plenty of space. I didn't feel crammed like I sometimes do. It's also nice to get hot tea poured right away after coming in from the rainy cold.The food was superb as usual. Consistency is the major strength of this place. We ordered pork soup dumplings, shao mai, vegetable noodle soup, and beef and scallion pancake. The pork soup dumplings have a delicious, distinct salty and savory flavor. The shao mai are filled with a sticky rice mixture and are heartier than I expected. The vegetable noodle soup is probably the best soup you can get here because it's just chock full of vegetables like bok choy, several kinds of mushroom, sliced bean curd, etc. The beef and scallion pancake is crispy and flavorful, made complete with a mouthwatering, sweet and savory hoisin sauce.The two factors keeping this place from a perfect score are the service and the cleanliness, though neither are so miserable to warrant a poor rating. The first thing you're likely to notice here is that your table is wet or sticky, or that there are crumbs or other little morsels hanging out on your table. I understand that it's a very popular restaurant, but I think most people wouldn't mind waiting another 10 seconds so that their tables can be properly cleaned before they're seated. This has been a problem every time I've gone. The other recurring problem is that it's hard to get the attention of the servers, especially when trying to get the check. By the time we were ready to leave today, the restaurant was half empty, and the servers were doing small tasks in the kitchen area. Even when one of them came out to do something, they never even looked my way for almost 10 minutes. We also never got a tea refill the entire time until we asked for it with the check. I also get the impression that the servers are usually in a bad mood by the manner in which they talk to us and drop the plates on the table while looking elsewhere. Improvements in these areas would make for a stellar restaurant, though I guess they have little incentive to improve since they're so popular and operating over capacity almost every day.Since the food is so cheap and consistently delicious, I'm likely to keep coming back here again and again when I go out to Flushing. Nan Xiang is worth the trip.
The soup dumplings were above average and the house special rice cake tasted decent. The waiters speak extremely poor English (it was a point on the menu to order kind of situation). Restaurant is extremely dirty.Try Joe Shanghai down the block instead. Will probably not be back.
Extremely disappointed. I've been here a couple times over the years and it's always been good. However, I went here today for lunch, waited about 20 min for 2. We ordered garlic cucumber, seafood crispy noodle, 2 crab meat soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The garlic cucumber was limp and did not taste fresh. The seafood crispy noodle was not crispy and looked severely undercooked compared to our neighbors which came out at the same time. The scallion pancakes were good I guess but missing sauce. I've been waiting for the past hour for soup dumpling. We finished all our food and we are full, but we came here for soup dumplings. I cancelled 1 order and got an attitude from the waitress about it. There was very poor communication involved (not language barrier related).They keep telling us it's almost done, but we have been here for over an hour. I'm used to my soup dumplings I guess I'll just go to Joe's Shanghai next time. Tldr; soup dumplings took over an hour to come out and now I'm full and sad and full of sadness
Wow, they've engulfed their neighbors' storefronts and have now tripled their original capacity. And yet you're still gonna wait for your soup dumplings. Do it. It's worth the wait.I like to show up before 10am on Saturdays and order my soup dumplings before the waitress can ask. They take some time but due to the expected turnover, it isn't "made to order" per se. On a real busy day, you may wait about 15 minutes for your dumplings, but if you catch them early enough, you'll snag yours in 5.What else is good here? Well, everything else is circumstancial, but done right.  You'll enjoy their potsticker dumplings and their scallion pancakes.
Great food !!!! Huge portions and So inexpensive. Parking sucks since it is in flushing but it's worth it. I will definitely be going back soon.
Well, I finally went back but this time around, food was just ok.  We got scallion pancake with beef, shu mai, vegetable dumplings which I didn't care for at all. We also got soup dumpling as last time and cucumber abs garlic. I love the latter dish, in fact, that was the best of all. I think I overrated this place last time!
Overrated place.  The Xiaolongbao isn't from Shanghai.The wonton soup is used to be good but now it's average.3 star fair.  If you ever had the real wonton and Xiaolongbao, you may rate it two.
Best in town. Home taste. Especially the salt soya milk. totally reminds me of Shanghai.
I have come here about three times now, twice for take out and once to dine in. Every time has been awesome. Staff is really friendly, food is great. The scallion pancakes should come with a different sauce though, it normally (everywhere else I've been) has come with a little sweeter sauce or something not the same sauce for the buns. Also parking is a bit difficult but all in all great place! Glad I found them!
the soup dumpling is still pretty good, we always order the regular one, and the vegetable one is good too. we tried their noodles, was ok; the breakfast menu is more tasty. salty soy milk, and beef pancake is good.
Great xiao long bao, as everyone else has noted. They are definitely larger than usual, and don't fall apart too easily. The soup is also very very soothing and the meat is soft and flavorful. The skin isn't hard and tough like it can be in other xiao long bao I've had. The other stuff is okay too. I've had the scallion pancake and the soup noodles there. The pancake was kind of dry, though I might have just felt that because I really wasn't very hungry that day and didn't feel like eating. The vegetable soup noodles were good, although the soup was on the oily side There also weren't that many noodles (mostly soup, which I barely touched). Service is very good, they actually filled up my tea! A bit pricey for Flushing-- expect to spend more than 10 dollars for lunch, not including tip, and they even charge tax! I guess you could just do one order of xiao long bao for a meal (6 pieces), which, in retrospect probably isn't a bad idea since I was pretty satisfied already by the time I was done with those-- they really are pretty big. I've seen people just order that and some soy milk as a meal.
Not a fan. The cook wasn't from Shanghai. Really lots of people, I have very mediocre service.   The server kind of pushed me and my friend. The food was ok. Won't come back. A taste of Shanghai right situated the Sheraton Hotel was way better than this.
Delicious: Spicy beef tendon, spicy beef tripe, sweet hot soy milk, udon stir fry, crab meat soup dumplings reign over the pork soup dumplings.  Good value.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing. I have no complaints about this place. It's small but we never have to wait for a table woot! Their Shanghai dumplings are amazingly good! I think you only get 6 pieces when most places serve 8, so I advise you to order x2! It comes out steamy hot be careful. How to handle the Shanghai dumplings:1. Using the tongs gently place a dumpling on a spoon.2. Poke it with your chopsticks, fork, whatever you can find to avoid burning yourself.3. Allow the soup to flow onto the spoon.4. Blow to cool and drink soup.5. Add vinegar using the tiny spoon that comes with the vinegar to the dumpling.6. Now enjoy the remainder of the dumpling.Also, their beef pancakes are delicious! Take my word and try it! The way they make the pancake is very different from most places, not the thick flour type of bread you get, and rather it is thinner and crispy. The soymilk is great here too, very refreshing. I've tried many of their noodles and rice cake dishes and it was always consistently good. I really like their pan-fried noodles. You really can't go wrong with any item on the menu.
All the food was great, especially the soup dumplings! The people there were polite and there wasn't much to complain about. Would definally recommend going there if you havent already!
They must have had an off day when i went cuz i did not enjoy my meal or the service.We ordered 5 xlb, 3 of which were placed in front of me/hubby and a friend at a table. We had a bunch of kids with us so needless to say we were distracted. I see the tall waiter check each holder then grab all three bamboo holders and leave. I asked the guys if we finished all of them and they said no so about 3 min later, we see the waiter casually stroll back out with an order of xlb, offering it to another table? they shook their heads and my friend went up to him and called him out in front of the entire rest saying that the full order that was completely untouched was OURS. what a shady mofo...not sure what he was trying to do. We also ordered jellyfish (its different than your avg jellyfish so i liked it - one star for that), spicy beef/tripe which i heard was good and scallion pancake which was also just OK. one of the kids thought it was a cheese sandwich! LoLWe also got seafood fried noodles (the one at Joe's is def more LEGIT than the plate i was presented with). their noodles (in canto: "leurng meen wong") isn't supposed to be the same noodles as pan fried noodles, it should look like fried longevity noodles. Also, their seafood only consisted of fish and shrimp. Where the squid and scallops at man? CHEAPOS! Their chicken rice cakes were also just OK. i was scrounging around for the chicken pieces to feed my son and probably only found 5 at most. And they were the size of mini cheez doodles. sad.We also ordered a shanghai noodle but i guess i can't comment on that since my order wasn't placed and food never arrived. blah =o/
You know you can't be Asian and not love dumplings "with soup."  When I realized how  close we were to this dumpling house from New York Hall of Science I got very excited. We were on a mission to get here. And we arrived hungry, cold, and famished. We were very happy to be promptly served with hot tea. Very welcomed on a cold, windy day!!!  Next, I couldn't resist and basically ordered one of everything. My son remarked how much we were ordering and I said, "no fear- it will be consumed!"  And we did!!! We had between the three of us 1 order of pork dumpling w soup, 1 order of crab/pork dumpling, vegetable dumpling, vegetable noodle soup, wonton vegetable soup, scallion pancakes and an order of edamame/tofu/mustard greens. It was all mouth watering delicious. All the dishes were memorable. Although I do want to especially mention the vegetable noodle soup which for $5.95 I was not expecting much. What came was a giant bowl of filled with noodles, vegetables, and the stock flavorful, tasting like mushroom. That in itself was plenty as a meal. Needless to say we walked away as happy customers and I'm pretty sure a few pounds heavier from all the good eating!!!
God, has this place come a long way. I've been coming here for years, and the transformation has been astounding.The Soup Dumplings are of course the star. They're far better than the ones at Joe Shanghai, and are made fresh right in front of the store. The noodles aren't bad here either, and the portion is generous.Nan Xiang is as famous for its Soup Dumplings as it is for its service. Before its expansion, the service was rushed and rude. It's gotten better since then, with less stress resulting form the larger restaurant. However, waiters are still hard to flag down for orders, waters, napkins, and whatever else. However, I'd still choose this spot for Soup Dumplings every day of the week.
Our go to food place for late hours -- specifically when driving here late from the Woodbury Outlets. Opening late is a plus. Food is quite good and yes it is still definitely worth all the way here just for this food.
Comparatively one of the best soup dumpling restaurants in Flushing since the declining authenticity of the once favored Joe's Shanghai. These handmade soup dumplings are flavorful and taste very fresh. Service is mediocre but the quality of food makes up for that downside. Overall, a restaurant that is reliable in taste.
The soup dumpling was good. I was not satisfied with the service there was only like 12 customers in the store but they didn't seat us and so we seated ourselves and after we sat down the wait staff told us to move down. The price was reasonable.
most stuff are greasy and make you gain weight easily, if you don't want to get acid reflux, try to avoid this place.
This place is rather popular, My friends and I had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. It's like trying to get into an elite club in Vegas. But the wait was well worth it. We started off with the cucumber salad. It was so refreshing and perfect for the summer. I like how it had tons of garlic and cilantro. It's actually my favorite diet food. The stir fried udon with beef was full of "wok hei (fire from the wok)," although a bit too greasy. It took a while for them to bring out the soup dumplings, so we ordered some beef and tripe to curb our hunger. One of my friend's had no clue what tripe was, so I told her to try it first before I revealed the truth to her. She loved it so much that she forgot to ask what it was. I guess there was no need for me to say anything. The dish spoke for itself. Then finally the soup dumplings arrived. Omg! They were pipping hot from the steamer and full of juiciness. These dumplings are much better than Joe's Shanghai. Joe's dumplings are way too salty and Nan Xiang's is just more flavorful and sweet. I'm giving this place 4 stars because I've been spoiled by the real soup dumplings in Shanghai. But these are the best that I've tried in the US so far. There is definitely some room for improvement. The skin needs to be more thin and translucent. Also, the dumplings need to be served much quicker. But for a total of $43 and a party of five, this place is the best bang for your buck!
After reading all of the yelp reviews and the long lines/hype surrounding their dumplings- I have to say I was extremely disappointed. We stopped in for a late brunch Saturday afternoon around 2pm. There was still a wait of approx 5-10 mins for a party of 2. That being said, the soup dumplings themselves were the most disappointing. Even though, admittedly, they do have more soup than any other soup dumplings I've had including Joe's Shanghai- that does not necessarily qualify them as better in my opinion. The soup was honestly a bit too much for my liking. The over-abundance of soup mixed with the too thin wrapping left most of the soup gone to waste as it spilled out of my spoon. The flavor of the meat filling also lacked taste. The crab ones at least had the upside of real crab meat which improved the taste slightly, but the plain pork ones were just awful.I would rather go to Joe's Shanghai or my absolute favorite (Shanghai Café). Definitely not worth the hassle of trecking out to Flushing for this.
A bit of a wait, but the soup dumplings are worth it!
XLB was very good. Not as fatty or salty as the place in Jersey where I usually get my fix. We also had the scallion pancake with sliced beef, and though it was very good, I think the beef gave it a sweetness that I wasn't ready for. I prefer my scallion pancake the Americanized way, with a salty, vinegary dipping sauce. Finally, the fried noodles with chicken were excellent. I really enjoyed the texture, as typical Chinese noodles (lo mein, mei fun, etc) are too soft as a dish. I would order this in place of my usual noodle dish IF it was available at the local Chinese joint, but it's not.Only downside, it's in Flushing. Going to have to wait for long pauses in Asian food and convince my husband to come here on our way to the beach!
Nan Shian is that restaurant in Flushing that always seems to be packed. Whether you pass by during lunchtime on a Saturday or dinner time on a Wednesday, there always seems to be a group of people waiting outside for a table. Just taking a quick glance in the window, you can see that this restaurant is the place to be and lucky for all of us, they've finally expanded into two dining rooms! More soup dumpling goodness to go around. Nan Shian has the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in all of Flushing. Trust me, I've tried a fair number of places that serve this delicious Shanghainese staple and Nan Shian does it best. The soup dumplings are plump and full of the wonderfully savory, rich, flavorful, fatty soup. They're best eaten hot so dig in once the server places the bamboo steamer in front of you. Be careful not to burn yo'self! Also, service is a bit slow here so the best thing to do is check out the menu while you're waiting for a table and order once you sit down so you won't delay soup dumpling satisfaction any longer than you have to. The scallion pancakes are very good as well as the beef wrapped scallion pancake. Yum! I've also had the rice cakes here, but I didn't enjoy it that much because the rice cakes were a bit undercooked. (though I'm a bit biased... my momma makes the best rice cakes). You'll get the most for your money at Nan Shian. Come with an empty stomach and be ready to feast!
Came on a Saturday around 1PM, I think we waited for about 20 minutes for a party of 3. TOTALLY worth it. Here's what we had worth mentioning and what you should order: Steamed Pork Buns (6) for $6.50, Turnip Puff (4) for $3.50, and Bean Curd and Minced Vegetables Cold Dish appetizer for $4.50.The steamed pork buns are essentially xiao long baos aka XLB. However, the XL should really stand for XTRA LARGE. These babies are so large, they spill over your soup spoon (not unlike a muffin top). The skin is so soft and completely cooked through. There was so much delicious soup inside, I needed two sips to keep any of it from spilling out!I'm also a sucker for pastries, and the turnip puff was perfectly golden on the outside, cripsy and flaky. What I wouldn't have given to try the red bean puff too!The bean curd and minced vegetables appetizer is refreshing against the hot and steamy bun. Don't get the seaweed, too salty :(
Awesome xiao long bao, excellent service.  For me, its the best place to bring my family for Sunday breakfast.  Come before 9 am on Sunday though, it get packed...
Maybe one of the best soup dumpling place in flushing.  Tried most of the cold dishes n it's pretty good. Expect to wait along time for tables..
I recently took a soup dumpling tour of Flushing, and Nan Xiang was my first stop. It's a relatively small place, but we were seated immediately. The staff was very helpful and friendly and our order came out promptly- they certainly know why people come there! We got an order of the regular pork XLB and the crabmeat and pork XLB, and of the two the regular pork had a much more flavorful broth and overall had more meat. The crabmeat was hardly noticeable under the flavor of the pork, but it was still tasty. Nice portions, too- I think there were 6 dumplings per order. The prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere was casual. Definitely worth a stop in!
This restaurant is always busy, and the quality of the food is always great. This is one of the greatest soup dumpling places that I have ever been to, and it's a great date place. None of the food there is overpriced.
This place did not disappoint.  The soup dumplings are delicious, and I was impressed by everything else we ordered, too.  The rice cake dishes are excellent and the scallion pancakes with beef was AMAZING.
Ordered both kinds of XLB, pork only and crab and pork ones.  Both were amazing, flavorful, soupy with perfect dough texture and thickness. The noodle soups however, while not bad by any means, were just not up to par flavor wise as the XLB, the broth was a bit weak in depth.I'll just stick to their steamed buns next time.
Everyone that has been in flushing before knows about this spot.  Not only can you get the classics like hot soy bean milk and the doughnut at anytime,  you also get creative unique dishes like the beef wrapped in scallion pancake drizzled with peking duck sauce.... Mmmmmm! The soup buns are amazing and come in either pork or half crab, half pork.  The one thing that really stood out was the texture of the actual bun in the soup bun.  It kept the soup nice and warm and never got soggy and flimsy.  A must try for anyone!
Ordered soup dumpling and pancake to go. Heated in the microwave and it was still very tasty! Love it! Can't stop eating.
Definitely one of the best soup dumplings spots in NYC.  Place gets very busy, very fast so come early or come when it's not the dinner/lunch rush.  They will prepare the dumplings as you order, so there will be a wait.  You can see the ladies making the dumplings as you come in.  Order more than you think you want, because the wait would be too long for a second round.
Soup dumplings????  YES PLEASE.  I don't know what else they have there, but I do know that they make some REAL. AMAZING. Soup dumplings.  If your a fan and find yourself in the area I would wait on line and get yourself an order, or two, or even three!!
1 Crab 1 Pork please! J and I DO NOT share our soup dumplings! They have a much cleaner tasting..sweeter...soup dumplings than joes shanghai BUT  they give you 2 less...but I have no where else to go to curb my frequent soup dumpling cravings now that joes shanghai and I said our fare wells. My only complaint is that you really have be careful when placing those delicate dumplings on the spoon...they pop so easily here!They have less variety of food to order from than other chinese restaurants but we always order the same thing anyway. 4 stars JUST FOR  the dumplings and crispy noodle! Make sure you ask for CRISPY NOODLE...we asked for pan fried noodles out of habit  and ended up with pan fried udon noodles. It was good, just not what we were expecting. I feel like there isn't enough food to choose from or it's just not that great... the noodle soup that everyone in the restaurant seems to order is not good...the soup is not flavorful. Beef tendon& tripe was nice and spicy but left a weird bitter numbing  tingly after taste in the mouth, maybe it was just that day or maybe its normal?...but I'm afraid to try it again. Too bad... the flavors were good.I'm glad they made the space bigger even though they still get packed...more tables to be turned! You know it...CASH ONLY
I highly recommend Nan Xiang Dumpling house, The food and the service is great!
This place is always always busy...even at 10:30AM! Luckily, the wait was never long. They will give you a number and have you wait by the front or outside. Just pay attention to what number you are, because the wait staff confuse each other, which is very funny. The waiters are super busy. Place your order and if they come back make sure you ask for everything and anything you need. I've been here twice and the dishes are very good and very fresh. They are smaller than average dishes, you don't really get a plate's worth of food. And like most Chinese cuisines, lots of stir fry & oil. The popular soup dumplings are very soupy, and imo, not as hot as other soup dumplings. The skin is a little thicker than how I would like it, but the meat is very good. The pan fried dumpling buns are also very tasty.
Disappointed by their service and food quality . Came here on a rainy day. Greeted by waitresses that clearly don't like their job. Had to switch tables twice bc she doesn't understand some people just don't like to be sitting next to others when there's an entire restaurant of empty tables. They slap the pot of tea down in misery and never came by to ask again if I would be interested in ordering something. I order the salted cabbage pork noodle soup. It came in with full bowl of oily soup broth. No parsley or scallion greens for garnish. Noodle soup tasted full of msg. The two stars is for the handmade noodles that's it! Dumplings was another disappointment. Thick in skin and crab meat tasted crabby. Nothing like a taste of Shanghai. I would save my $ and drive 10 minutes down Kissena Blvd to Yu Garden for worthy service and food quality.
A Chinese friend took me here because it's where her family used to go when she was small. We went about 8pm on a rainy Sunday night and got parking in the municipal lot across the street.  The restaurant was almost empty and we got seated immediately. They give you a pot of tea when you sit down.I let her order everything (most of which I would not have ordered by myself)  and we had xiao long bao (which they call "steamed crabmeat and pork buns" on the menu), and the fried bean gluten (which sounded absolutely awful but)  was, next to the dumplings, the most delicious dish we had. They didn't have any jelly fish that night, but we also ordered the scallion pancakes and a noodle/scallion (Noodle with scallion sauce??) dish that was in light brown oil.  The noodles were too oily and not flavorful to me. The scallion pancake was also mild and not as flavorful as I had expected. It was more like an omelette than a pancake. I've found I often like new foods better the second time I try them so I would try this again now that I know what to expect.  The xiao long bao were wonderful and I enjoyed the delicacy of the noodle wrapper and the delicious broth and meat inside. They serve them with shredded ginger in soy/vinegar (? i think) sauce and we asked for more of the ginger/soy condiment because we both liked them in the dumplings so much. It's quite an art to eat them and she laughingly said your skill at eating them shows by how little broth is on your dish at the end (instead of in your stomach).  At Joe's Shanghai they serve 8 per order and the dumpling wrapper looked much thicker so I have yet to try xiao long bao there.  I loved these dumplings and will definitely go back for more.
After weeks of seeing lines out the door, I decided to go and check this place out.  My brother and I got there at like 10AM or something so there was zero wait (yay!).  I started with the soy bean milk (slightly burnt - boo!) and the fried dough stick (yum but oily).  We proceeded to have 2 orders of the pork and one order of the crab soupy dumplings.  I like that they make the soupy dumpling skins there.  Fresh and a good compliment to the meat inside.  The crab was not worth it (I think Joe's Shanghai is better).  The pork soupy dumpling's yummy so I think maybe it's worth the wait if you don't go during weird hours.  Not sure... I might say something different if I had to wait more than 15 min for a table in Flushing.
Their foods are ordinary and nothing is really special at all. Honestly, nothing motivates me to go again.  Many people go there just because It has over a thousand reviews on yelp.
THE BEST XIAO LONG BAOS I HAVE EVER  EATENwhen it comes to soup dumplings nan xiangs is as good as it gets.Though a little on the expensive side compared to other soup dumpling restaurants it is well worth the price if quality is what you are looking for.I ordered the crab with pork, pork soup dumplings  and the pan fried dumplings on my delightful excursion to this wonderful haven and I was not disapointed with any items ordered that. The soup dumplings were topnotch . The soup was light yet flavorful with enough fat and broth to get a full rich taste without the groggy feeling that one  would get eating  a heavy meal. The meat was soft and  literally melt in your mouth as you dove into and tasted these wonderful treasures. Even  the vingar with ginger was  superb  for  they put a little bit of sugar  to give the dipping sauce a sweeter less sour taste. This  is  hands  down the best place for xiao long baos every little detail of this food item was perfect and no other restaurant to my knowledge can replicate the kind of excellence that they  have at nan xiangs lets hope they  stay in business for a long long time
This is one of my favorite places in NY. The price is amazing and their soup dumplings are on point. - This place has an A sanitary inspection grade from The Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. Nuff said there. - Their soup dumplings are soooooo gooooooooood. If you pick them up from the top slowly, they usually don't rip off from the bottom. Still happens once in a while.- My other favorite dish is the Crispy Noodle with Shredded Chicken. It's one of those addictive dishes that you always have a craving for....like right now...as you talk about it...you start to salivate... Overall, I come here for the food. Not for the decor (there's not much to say for that) and not for the service (which is pretty ho hum and dry). I usually do a "dumpling run" around 9 during the week to this place, so I don't really deal with their lines.
This place has hands down THE BEST (pork) SOUP DUMPLINGS I have ever had in my life! Normally you'd find maybe one or two shrivel-y ones, or ones with less soup, but not these bad boys! They are extra plump and one of the juiciest I've ever tried and I gotta say, I've been to quite a few places. 5 stars for their soup dumplings!!Despite having the best dumplings, I really hated their Shanghai stir fried noodles.  It's the worst I've ever had :( Normally this is my go to dish, but this place makes it so dry and bland. I prefer it to be a tad more saucy and am usually use to the darker color of the noodles smothered in sauce! 1 star for this particular dish, but I think I'll give it another go just for the dumplings :) One can surely work around the noodles!
This review is dedicated to all you sillies who think Joe's Shanghai has the best soup dumplings in NYC. You are mistaken, very very mistaken. In fact I think that Joe's is average Joe compared to Nan Shian (probably more accurately translated as Nan Xiang?). Nan Shian has some of the best soup dumplings I've had, second only to Din Tai Fung in Taiwan. If you like soup dumplings, make the trek to Flushing and try this place, but prepare to wait. Though they recently expanded and the restaurant is now twice as large as it was before, there is still an average 20-40 min wait for a table. After you are seated, make sure to order the soup dumplings right away. There's a 30 min wait for the dumplings to be steamed (from when you order it) but it's worth it! Besides, there are plenty of other yummies on the menu to divert your attention for those 30 minutes. My favorite dishes at Nan Shian are...... spicy beef and tripe slices (fu qi fei pian)... stir fried rice cakes with seafood (hai xian chao nian gao)... sliced beef wrapped in pancake (niu rou jia bing )and of course the star of the meal: the XLB featuring thin skins, tender pork, and rich flavorful soup.  I've tried both the plain pork soup dumplings and the pork and crab ones. I prefer the pork and crab ones because the soup is a little thicker and I love the flavor that the crab adds. **It was brought to my attention that not everyone knows how to eat a soup dumpling without making a mess. So without further ado, I present to you the simple guide to eating a soup dumpling:First use the provided tongs to pinch the top part of the soup dumpling and lift slowly and GENTLY so that you don't rip the dumpling skin. Once you have successfully transported your soup dumpling from the tray to your spoon, you can pat yourself on the back because the hard part is over. Now, bite a small hole in the top of your soup dumpling and suck out the juices. If you're afraid of burning your tongue, you can dump out the juices into your spoon after biting a hole in the top. Then, after enjoying the hot soup, drizzle a little sauce and ginger on top of the dumpling and eat up!
lovely dumpling. unfortunately their service is not so great, quite slow. unfortunately it is cash only. it is worth if you are in the area (flushing center).  i asked for water with ice and they didn't have the ice... so i asked for a beer. .... and they had only WARM beer!!! crazy.... at least the green tea (complimentary ) is good. and healty choice!!!! ah ah ah
You I came here on a double date after all the rumor. We waited a very long time to get a seat and we ordered our apps. After sitting down it took 20 min just to get some soy milk and something else. Whatever, guess only ONE thing is prepped here and thats the soup dumplings. I had them and its...... whatever, seriously what is the big deal? It wasn't that I think was affordable either considering what it is. Me and my girl never went again. Much better asian dishes out there and this is not one of them.
the food at this place is pretty good, most of them anyway. I'm not a pork person but their pork fried buns is one of my favorite. not much else I can say because it's a good place but just not that good. and on top of that their service here and their staff is only two star at the most. staff here is not that friendly and it always feels like they're trying to rush you out of the restaurant asap.... but I think many people have already mentioned that here in the reviews before and I guess the restaurant just don't care
The sanitation score is kind of dismal and the wait is always long and it's a tiny, crowded space -- but these are the tastiest soup dumplings in the entire New York area. The prices are reasonable and the service is always friendly. Short walk from the 7 train. Cash only.
The soup dumplings are good, but sometimes it's inconsistent. When it's good, it's REALLY good, but they churn out so many of these dumplings (and all their other dumplings) in a day that surely they must just be steaming these all day long. I've found that if you sometimes go in too early for dinner on a slow day, you could be eating dumplings made a few hours ago and it just isn't as good. I've had some really mediocre tasting steamers of dumplings on a couple of occasions and some really awesome ones too. Other than the soupy dumplings, they also make great steamed vegetable dumplings. The pickled cucumbers are too garlicky for my taste. The kao fu is really greasy but the seasoning is good. Their noodle soups are really good and also a great value for a meal. Overall, it's a great place to get your dumpling fix. It's worth going if you've never been and worth returning to in my opinion. Definitely one of the better soup dumpling places in the city.
Great place for Xiao Long Bao. Food and service is good.
I won't go anywhere else for soup dumpling after I ate at Nan xiang dumpling house. You won't believe after the first bite of the dumpling, it is filled with juicy pork soap inside. I was never a soap dumpling fan, but this place makes the soap dumbling so irresistible.Only one thing is this place is always busy and you have to wait on the line. I waiting 15 to 20 minutes for my food to show up. If you are starving, you'll need to go somewhere with faster service.All in all, this place is good for afternoon meal.
I went here with a bunch of my girlfriends when we were in flushing. My friend introduced me to something called soup dumplings. I was a bit skeptic at first but oh my God were they delicious. Where the hell were these in my entire life?!? The crab and pork soup dumpling were so succulent and tasty :p. We also had the beef scallion pancake. Woww. Trust me this place is the bomb. Only thing I didnt like was it was a bit dirty. The spoon they gave us had a stain. The spoon they used to scoop the sauce felt sticky.
This is the last time I come to this place. I understand that this is a busy restaurant and I have been here when it has been busier, but this time I was not the only customer that was irritated at the long wait times for the food arrival. Went with my grandpa around 10:30 AM. It was packed, but we got seated within minutes. Ordered the soy bean milk (cold), but got a hot order. Ordered scallion pancake, and they brought us one with beef. It took another 15 minutes for them to bring the right order. Ordered an order of the soup pork dumplings and this took the longest. As a soup dumpling restaurant this item should be one of the first items to arrive, not last. We also ordered the rice cake with shredded chicken. The first time it came out it was cold, hard and inedible. It took an additional 10 minutes for the food to arrive. The waitress' are not friendly and it is difficult to flag them down.
Been a long time patron of this place and always loved the food here. Saw that there were some complaints about the service but never had any issues before. Today however was quite different. No one was being rude or anything but it took over 15 minutes for one order of our soup dumplings to be brought to our table. At the 15 minute mark I had brought it to the waiters attention that we're pretty much done eating everything else and have yet to see our dumplings. He just told us that there's a slight wait on it all the whole serving dumplings to other tables that sat after we did. Finally 5 minutes later, I had to remind the same idiot again that we still don't see our food and it's been 20 minutes since the order was placed and he finally went to check on it just to come back to tell us that the order slip was lost and that there will be another 3 minutes before we get the soup dumplings. He did apologize but he could've avoided all of this if he just checked the first time I brought it up. We finally have our dumplings after close to 30 minutes after sitting down. Everything else we've ordered is finished and was delicious but now my appetite has been ruined by this long wait for something that should've taken 5 minutes. Going back to Joe's...
Authentic and delicious Chinese food! Big fan of the jellyfish salad.
These may be one of the best soup dumplings in NYC. I recently came back from a trip to Taiwan, where everything tastes better, and I'm still impressed by how close Nan Xiang's dumplings are to the best. They do a good job of keeping the skin thin and the filling flavorful. I'm a scallion pancake lover, but I have to say that they butcher the taste by overfrying it. The small dishes and some breakfast foods are also delicious and resemble the homeland. I get my haircut in Flushing once every 4-5 weeks or so and guess where I visit every time =D
Nan Xiang, I have shunted aside my love for Shanghai Cafe for you :O Their soup dumplings are really quite spectacular.  Starting from the outside, and working our way in...The Wrapper - Thin, but not so thin as to jeopardize any sort of structural integrity.  It won't explode if you look at it too hard.  I found it pleasantly pliant, and slightly chewy.  Be careful though, they don't take too kindly to pinching or plucking with tongs or chopsticks.The Soup - Liquid gold, my friends. Liquid gold.  Upon piercing the side of the xiao long boa, rivulets of steaming hot soup come rushing out and into your spoon.  Admire the glossy sheen of pork fat, let it cool for a few seconds, and tip it back.  It's velvety, voluptuous and savory.  It tastes cleanly and straightforwardly of pork - not too fatty, and not too sweet.  Eat these things quickly, lest the soup cools and congeals to an unappealing gelatinous glob! The Filling -  If you eat your dumplings like me (i.e. outside-in), then usually the filling is last.  I liked this little nub of pork.  It was tender, not gristly and juicy.  Dip it in a little bit of the black vinegar and you're good to go. I've also tried a few of their cold appetizer dishes - we had the spicy beef with tripe, spicy bamboo shoots, and cold gluten.  The spicy beef with tripe was facking amazeballs.  Tender, chewy, bouncy tripe, slicked with blazingly hot chile oil - this will burn the lips off your face and is definitely not for the faint of heart.  I actually found it to be quite nuanced - if you can stand it, and wait for the heat to ebb down a little, you'll get a bit of citrusy/floral aftertaste from the Szechuan peppercorns and chilies, accented with the fresh green crunch of chopped cilantro stems.  Deadly, but balanced.  My favorite part of this dish was definitely the tripe. The slices of beef shin are good but forgettable.My friends and I came around 4:00pm, missing both the lunch and dinner crowds, so there was no wait at all.  I imagine during peak hours, the wait will be horrendous.  But if you're fiending for XLB's, you can't do much better than this joint. Did I mention it's mighty easy on the wallet? That should soften the wait :D
Nothing better on a cold and shitty day than to hit Flushing for some out of this world crab & pork soup buns, chicken rice cake, seafood soup and some delish appetizers. The soup buns in my opinion are fresher and more succulent than our family fav Joe's Shanghai. The appetizers such as spicy bamboo shoots, smoked bean curd w/ vegetables, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef and deep fried egg and chives 'empanada like' bun are out of this world! Tip: Come early w/ cash b/c no credit cards accepted.
A must , I tried the scallion pancake with sliced beef , the only complain was I wish it was bigger since it was so good. The pan fried dumpling were great even after I got a second degree burn ... I kept eating it , they were that good , Hey the waiter was very nice as he saw that the burning hot liquid in the dumpling burnt my hand which  led me to scream , he immediately got me a large ice pack , the steam dumpling were ok but I'm not a fan of pork , will def come back
Good dumplings. Just wear black if you don't want any of the soup stuff on your clothing. They need to expand. Too small and crowded. Very friendly.  If you're looking someplace really clean. Then this place not it. They use hot tea to clean the tables.
The xiao long bao was pretty okay but I tried some of the noodle dishes and it was filled with oily. The noodles were coated with oily.
Well I finally made it to Four and Twenty Blackbirds in Brooklyn.  The closed sign was on the door but there were people in there so I went in.  I was extremely disappointed in the choice of pies they had, however I ended up buying two pieces.  I tried the chamomile buttermilk and my husband tried the salted caramel apple.  I give credit where it's due, the pie was delicious.  They are very over priced.  A very small piece of pie was $5.75 and then they have the nerve to charge .25 cents for the smallest amount of whipped cream I have ever seen!!!  Needless to say I won't be going back there again.
This is a nice quaint little joint. The service is good, and food is awesome. My girlfriend and I downed 3 orders of the soup dumpling, a bowl of soy milk, seaweed and some tendon appetizer.A must is the crab meat xiao long bao if you are here it eat only one item. It is VERY juicy. I am salivating as I am writing this review. Damn it!!!
My go-to spot for soup dumplings! Great prices and great food. We usually order rice cakes with shredded chicken, scallion beef pancakes, and pork chop noodle soup. Only complaint is that they are cash only.
Service is slow. Soup dumplings are ok.
Great place to sit and kill some time with whomever. But the food inside great. Mostly homemade. The soup dumplings are popular. Try them. I like one of the soups too - my favorite is the pork chop.Go in the lunch time its better that way.  Mostly crowded and only takes cash!
Just had been there one time. The food is not that good as I thought and I do not like the service there. Will probably not go again!
I love this place! I've been here so many times.  What I usually have:+Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef+Soup Dumplings+Shanghai Pan Fried UdonI've also tried other noodle dishes from this place and loved them.  The pancake with sliced beef is my FAVORITE here.  I just really love the flavor it gives out.  As for the soup dumplings, I love them but I also had better.  This is why I'm giving it a 4 and not a 5.  Hehe, but overall, I think it's a great place for food.
So, first, this place gets a 3.5/5. Yelp doesn't do decimals.  We followed the advice of other Yelpers and ordered: cucumber & garlic cold app, one order of pork dumplings, one order of pork/crab dumplings, and the scallion pancake with beef. Overall, the flavors were good but not we-will-dream-about-this-for-the-rest-of-lives delicious. The dumplings in SF at Yank Sing are still our favorite, but they're way more costly so I guess you get what you pay for. For the cost, not bad, not bad at all. Overall, good food but no wow factor.
Still okay I guess but not somewhere I frequent anymore. Quality of the soup dumplings has gone down significantly. The skin of the soup dumpling is so freaking thick now! Practically almost eating huge baos or something...not cool.
Ok, so it was my fault for losing the receipt but I called them up and told them and they said "no problem, we can look up the purchase". I bought a Viper car starter at Best Buy for a Christmas gift and made an appt. with them to install it. They said because I have no receipt they can't do it. They said they cannot find my purchase on their computer. It was purchased in Dec. and the appt. to install was Feb. I called the main headquarters and they also said nope, it's the store policy. So I said "how about returning it?", they said no refund. So even though the box says "Geek Squad", which is only Best Buy, they won't budge. Therefore, I'm stuck with it. I had one installed last year by them and guess what? It doesn't work because they had an idiot that installed it. Best Buy, Trumbull, Ct, will never see me back there.
I'm gonna have to say the soupy dumplings here beats out Joe's Shanghai's soupy dumplings.  They have excellent appetizers , which are a bit spicy and that's how I like it.  Overall, the service is so-so, which is way better than service at Joe's Shanghai.  The decor is nothing special.  The table I was sitting at was wobbling, which annoyed the sheet outta me.  The food is where this place earns it's stars that's where it really matters.
The xiao long pao is really good! The fried dough is so so. The restaurant opens early, which is good for quick yummy breakfast. I gave 4 stars since the service was too slow. I ordered only 2 dishes and it took me almost an hour to complete my meal.
Went here yesterday after the Mets game. This place was packed with people from every walk of life.   I was very optimistic to eat here and so was my dad.  We are big fans of Soup Dumplings and usually eat at Joes Shanghai. We ordered what everyone recommended.   The dumplings .. obvi.  and the scallion pancakes. Everything was really tasty and good.  The waiters were a little mean and rude and didn't want to give us more tea.  I explained to my dad that you have to flag down waiters sometimes and it isn't considered rude. I really liked the dumplings...but not more than Joes.  I like the menu better at Joes but would definitely eat there again. ... If I had to!
a nice local dumpling restaurant, but I was a bit disappointed at lack of service. We had soup dumplings for appetizer. They tasted great. Seafood noodle soup was great too, but I didn't expect the kind of noodle; it was more like instant noodle. Pork chop noodle soup? Maybe a good try and tasted good too, but I don't want wet pork chop. Bang for the buck? yes, good to be here!p.s: No Creditcard! Bring cash!
Pork Xiao Long Bao, ftw!!!I absolutely love XLB's. They're fun, delicious and so filling! People have been telling me this is THE place for XLB's and they were right!I didn't get the one with crab since I'm not a big crab fan. I went for the usual pork, and it was delicious! The skin wasn't too thick, and it was piping hot, just the way I like it!My XLB's took relatively long compared to Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe, I must admit. It looked like they were making them to order, then again, it shouldn't have taken so long.My friend got scallion pancakes.. they were alright. Nothing special. But the XLB's were definitely awesome!TIP: Order the cold soy milk! It's DELICIOUS!
Can't really comment on all their other foods. I only tried the pork buns and shanghai noodles. Their pork buns, delicious! You see the ladies working feverishly to make the little buns filled with pork goodness on the side. It does seem like it takes a while to come out but if it's freshly made I'm not going to complain! I went around 6PM on Saturday and it wasn't that packed. But by the time I got out, there was definitely a wait! I love a good pork bun with lots of juice inside and good chewy texture on the bun. This place hit those marks. And not that bad on the price too! Would come back... only if it was closer. CASH ONLY.
2 words my dulas, Soup Dumplings. I salivate thinking about the crab meat pause.
Okay. First off, anyone who says Joe's Shanghai is a better dumpling house needs to get their taste buds burned off.Just kidding.But really, number one most favorite dumpling house ever. Ever. Ever. I can't stress how much I love this place.This is always my go-to place for good food for a good price. There's absolutely no way anyone can walk into this restaurant and not order at least one pan of soup dumplings. That should be illegal.I mean, I've gone to this place before as a party of two or three, and our bill has never exceeded $30. I always order two pans of soup dumplings, and the scallion pancake, which is absolutely amazing. I usually order noodles for an entree. Often U-Don or panfried. Both extremely good, and well worth it. Personally, I feel that their entrees are served family style. So it's something you can share around the table. Probably too much for one person. But that's just me. And if you go for breakfast, you should definitely try the Chinese crullers (youtiao) dipped in hot soy milk. It was all I ever ate on Sunday mornings, as a child.The decor is very home-y and cozy. The space is a bit tight. Sometimes if they're really busy, they might end up seating you at the same table as another party, but it usually isn't a big deal. And remember to always try to catch them before rush hour! The line can get pretty long. But the wait usually isn't more than 30 minutes. The service is alright, but nothing to complain about. Sometimes they might slack when it's busy, but it's understandable.I come to this restaurant almost every time I'm in Flushing, and it never fails to satisfy me. This is a restaurant that will guarantee a smile on your face by the time you walk out. My last trip here, the three of us left the restaurant smiling ear-to-ear, and never happier about completing our meal. And not one person, that I've introduced to this restaurant, has ever disliked their experience.Definitely a place I'd recommend for casual dining.
Geeeeez. Everything seems so much juicier and the xiao long bao skin just seems so much tighter--pork and crab xie here are delicious so don't hesitate. Also I enjoyed the side dishes (re: everything but the soup dumplings) more than Joe's. Perhaps just my opinion but it was a great, great meal.
Simply the best soup dumping ever made.  Pork chop soup was also very tasty.This place is very clean and well organized.  The owners clearly know how to run a restaurant.  If you visit and there is a line out the door don't you dare leave.  Go inside take a number it's worth the wait.
The xiao long bao (soup dumpling) was subpar in my opinion. The skins were thick and the flavor just didn't do it for me. I prefer Joes Shanghai in Chinatown. I found the pan fried udon noodles to be undercooked, salty and flavorless. The best part of the meal was the hot tea and the pancakes with sliced beef. I believe it was a black bean sauce in between the layers of the pancake and I was quite surprised how good that was.
the crab xiao lung baos are not great here. very bland and lacks crabby flavor like the shanghai garden restaurant or shanghai cafe in chinatown. what they do very well though is the spicy beef tendons and the dishes you see off to the side when y ou come into the restaurant. its a pretty large space and you'd be surprised at the empty tables so we didn't have to wait long on friday evening. make sure to get the sweet soy milk to relieve you from some of that spice!
I thought Seattle's dim sum could not be beat, I was totally wrong. This is the place to get a lot of food and share with friends and family. I really enjoyed the vegetable dumplings with the horseradish. I will be visiting the next time I'm in New York!
I've been here multiple times and haven't been disappointed.My staples include the amazing soup dumplings (crab/pork or pork) and love ther scallion pancake with beef! The dumplings aren't as "fatty" as Joe Shanghai's but I personally like them better.  Also the crab dumpling isn't too fishy tasting like some other ones. Noodles are pretty good here too!
I tried this place last week for the first time, because of the reviews. The service was ok, not the best. But the soup dumplings are amazing. Big and juicy is how I'd describe them.The scallion pancakes were fluffy and crispy. I will be visiting again and again.
This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Flushing. They have high quality food at affordable prices, the place is big so most of the time you can get a table, and they have some of the best pork steamed buns anywhere ( I recommend pork steamed buns ). Definitely try this place out. Only bad thing is you may have to wait a little long for the food.
George was wonderful to work with.  He took his time to find me just the right apartment.  He went above and beyond working with management, etc.  I highly recommend George if you ever need a Real Estate Agent
The soup dumplings here are superb, maybe the best in Flushing.  However there did not appear to be many other items on the menu that looked appetizing.  Joe Shanghai has good soup dumplings and a much more varied menu.
This place has THE BEST soup dumplings (Xian long bao) ever! I ordered both crab and pork and  they are so ridiculously good!The "soup" seasoning is just perfection. The dumpling is delicate and just right. The pork (my favorite) is well cooked and it all just comes together so nicely.Umm-umm good!Also, the pork ears, bamboo shoots and crispy nooddles with chicken are alsopre-tty good!If you're in the mood for a Flushing outing ~ this is a MUST-GO!Yep, you bet I'd recommend!
The food here is very consistent and top notch. The only drawback is the wait and the parking in the area. There's always a line, regardless of the time. It is usually a 15-20 minute wait, but on the weekends, it can take a while. The food is excellent and worth the trip if you're in the mood for soup dumplings or authentic Shanghainese cuisines.
Service is slow like everybody states, the easiest way to get a waiters attention is to stare hardcore at one of them till they feel you looking, then wave.  Once you do that they will run right over to you.Food is really good.  We has the steamed Dim Sum which was filled with yummy soup and meat.  We also had the Scallion Pancake with beef which was sooooooo so good.  After I had my first bite I automatically had to order another one, and its a pretty good size appetizer for a party of 2.  Finally we had the fish with salty cabbage soup which came out not too hot but was also really good.Next time in Flushing I will come back here if anything just for the Scallion Pancake with beef, yes, it was that good.REMINDER: they only take CASH
just like their name states. they make delicious soup dumpling fresh and on the spot. this is my preferred place to go for soup dumpling in nyc (both their pork and seafood dumpling are homeruns). on the weekends the lines could be long as they don't take reservations. everything else on the menu is on par with the rest of flushing. service could be better and the old guy with glasses always looks mad. cheer up old man your making money!!!
Food coma and a half! This place is non-stop busy even at 4pm on a Sunday. I ordered the beef scallion pancake which was pretty good. I didn't expect it to be fried and preferred it if it wasn't. The sauce in it was a bit on the salty side. I also tried the crab and pork soup dumplings which were really good. The steamed vegetable dumplings were also really good.
We only had the XLB as we were just passing through for a snack, but they were certainly better than anything we've tried in Manhattan. Glad to see other reviewers mentioning Din Tai Fung - certainly a good baseline for comparison (don't get me started on Joe's). Are they as good? No, but if Din Tai Fung is a 9/10 then these would only be a point behind.My only gripe is that these can take a good while to come out, but you kind of have to accept that at any good XLB house.
Yummy Soup Dumplings! Best so far compared to those in chinatown NY or Boston . They have 2 flavors - crab and pork. Both are tasty. Gobble them up as soon as they arrive.
I loved it here!!!! Authentic tasty Shanghai food! If you are looking for some tasty Shanghai food in flushing you should try this one out! I always come here whenever i crave for Shanghai food. The soup dumplings here might take while to wait for but is all worthy. Their cold plates are also very tasty, me and my family love the Crispy cucumbers and spicy bamboo shred. Also their scallion pancake is not bad either not the best one but not bad. Compared to other shanghai cuisine restaurants in main street this is by far the best one!!! i would recommend it for anyone out there.P.S some food might be spicy so you should tell them to lower down the spiciness if you don't eat spicy food.
The best soup dumplings!!! I used to go to Joe's Shanghai near the municipal parking lot. But, when I found this place, I never went back to Joe's. I've been going to this place for 3 years. I always order the pork & crab soup dumplings, pork/cabbage noodle soup, and sticky rice with seafood. The soup dumplings are very delicate. You have to be very steady to lift the dumplings onto your spoon because you don't want to spill the precious soup inside the dumplings so be careful!Also, they have cold dishes on the menu. My friends always order the spicy jelly fish and bamboo. They are both spicy and delicious although they burn my tongue a little. Warning: This place is always crowded. My friends and I waited for 30 min or longer to get a table. I recommend you to get here around 5pm or 6pm for a dinner. If you come here around 7pm or later, dan dan dan....you might wait longer and starve yourself for a long time from watching people eating the soup dumplings.
Best shanghai dumplings so far..they assume you want a basket and they assume right. The skin is thin but just thick enough to hold the meaty goodness and the juices that could cause a third degree burn. Delicious burn
That annoying female host on Travel Channel's "Food Wars" should do a Pork Soup Dumpling challenge between Nan Shian Dumpling House and Joe's Shanghai.In a blind taste test, I bet I would choose Nan Shian 10 out of 10 times over Joe's Shanghai. Oh wait, nevermind. That show don't do Asian food. Only American heart attack food.Buffalo Wing War Chicago Italian Beef War   Kansas Fried Chicken War    Lockhart, Texas BBQ War    Minneapolis Juicy Lucy War
The best veggie dumplings in Flushing.This place is cheap and gets very busy.  I recommend calling in and picking your food up.Other recommendations: vegetable noodle soup, bean curd and mixed vegetable, and steamed pork dumplings (for meat-eaters).
My favorites are the crab dumplings and their cold appetizers!
This place is small but their food is delicious. They are famous for their steam pork buns (　　　小　龍　包). One order comes with 6 tiny buns. Watch out because they have juice inside the bun that are boiling hot.
I have to agree that these are the BEST soup dumplings ever! The place does get super crowded after 11am on the weekend, so get there early or prepare to wait a very long time.Food: 5/5As stated before, best soup dumplings (xia long bao) ever! I also recommend the udon noodles and rice cakes. Their soy milk and sweet tofu dessert was also very good. Service: 3/5Service was pretty quick, though it isn't super friendly. I did feel like I was being rushed to leave because the place was packed. Atmosphere: 1/5The place is LOUD, like most Asian places. And because it is packed, it is more of a eat and get out of there place.
I love this place! Been going here since I moved to NYC. Don't be scared away by the sanitation rating, the food is great and I've never had any issues. Soup dumplings here are the best in flushing.
Whenever I visit Flushing, I would always go to Nan Xiang with my family.  Even though they expanded the store, there is still sometimes a wait during lunch/ dinner time.  The line is quick and it is well worth it though!  The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) there are amazing!  The broth is flavorful and not too oily and the wrapper is thin and good-chewy.  They also make very delicious veggie dumplings that kind of look like cute green mice.  They're opaque and filled with green veggies and vermicelli.  So delish!  I love the cold appetizers, especially the gluten pieces with bamboo shoots and mushrooms (I don't know what it is called in English so it might not sound appetizing but please trust me, it is really good) and the spicy beef and tripe.  They have traditional Shanghai breakfast like scallion pancakes, shaobing (sesame flatbread), youtiao (Chinese crullers), soy milk, etc. in the mornings (some of it is on the all day menu as well), perfect for an awesome brunch.
Great tasting dumplings, especially the crab and pork dumplings. These dumplings have some broth in them which makes it different than most other dumplings. The Shanghai Udon noodles very were good too and has bits of steak in it. Also had scallion pancakes which are hard to mess up. Overall food was good and so was the service.
amazing dumplings. Hold crap. And I don't have to go all the way to chinatown in the city.
Shen Jiang Bao and Xiao Long Bao. Great Xia Long Bao. Fresh and tasty. The Shen Jiang Bao were disappointing - they were cold. Still tasty but not what they could've been. We were there Saturday at 8 or 9 pm, so this was prime time and the food was flying. Good service, etc., etc.
I had the yummy yummy soup dumplings here and the scallion pancake as well.  We tried the pork dumplings and the pork & crab dumplings (just a note... they're called "buns" on the menu) and both were sooo good!  The meat was well seasoned, not overcooked, and the soup was flavorful and steamy.  Some of our dumplings tore when we pulled them out of the bamboo box because they weren't sitting on the cabbage and the skin got stuck to the bamboo, but that was the only downside to this place!The scallion pancake had beef inside and some sort of oyster or hoisin sauce, and it was all sorts of tasty greasy goodness.This is apparently the place to go for soup dumplings (buns) in Flushing, so check it out if you're a fan!
I think this place's soup dumplings are **almost** as good as Din Tai Fung's (whose are really the ultimate perfection), but still 5-star worthy and one of the best on the East coast of the US. The bountiful soup that comes pouring out of the little packets of deliciousness is flavorful and the meat inside is very tender. If I'm going to be picky, I would just say Din Tai Fung's soup dumplings are a little smaller (the smaller the better, because more difficult to make) and the meat could be chopped just a little bit finer. But again, I'm just making very picky comparisons. Put in your soup dumpling orders as soon as you sit down, because they make and steam them on the spot, so they will take longer to come out than your other dishes. Then, get settled in and choose your accompanying dishes from the small menu, and you're off to a special and memorable meal!
Waited quite a while for a seat. The place was packed until I went to the bathroom I noticed there were at least 5 tables empty yet tons of people waiting outside. Thought that was strange. Tried the crab soup dumplings. They were alright. But I still think joes shanghai is better. But the beef wrapped in scallion pancake was bomb! Best I ever had. Very oily however. The shredded beef and chili over noodle was delicious but very very very much drenched in oil.
Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai, Nan Xiang or Joe's Nan Xiang....Yeah Nan Xiang wins! They both tied for the soup dumplings. Joe's the soup is fattier, Nan Xiang thinner broth, softer wrapper.Scallion pancakes: Joe's are good but all grease. Nan Xiang wrapped around thin sliced beef with hoisen sauce, no grease. Winner!Noodle dishes Joe's greasy. Nan Xiang fresh noodles. No grease winner! Also Nan Xiangs kitchen is open, clean actually the spotless. The cooks are women and they make the dumplings right in front of you. Now if only Nan Xiang served sliced oranges when they gave you the bill, Joe's wins on that one.....
I always come here ready to FEAST.  Usually with a group of 4 or 6, we order stacks upon stacks of xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  The dumplings are full of juicy deliciousness!  It's also funny when everyone gasps and shares in the sadness of watching you accidentally poke a hole in a dumpling & all the soup gushes out.  It's quite the art to successfully pick one up from the steamed bamboo trays!Pairing the xiao long baos with their cold apps is a good idea.  I love their spicy beef & tripe and jellyfish.  Only thing is that so does everyone else which means they often run out if you're too late.  It's the saddest thing when the server looks over to where they display them & shakes his head no.  Ahh why must you run out??  Also get their scallion pancakes with sliced beef.It's often crowded but they turn over tables quickly so most def WAIT!!  Also I recently came during a down time & watched them rigorously scrub down the floors so two thumbs for caring about cleanliness.
Let me preclude this by the fact that I lived in Beijing and Hong Kong for four years, so I know what a proper xiao long bao tastes like. It's virtually a work of art. I wasn't super-wowed by these xiao long bao, but they were satisfactory and hit the spot. I'm also getting the feeling that this may be as good as it gets in NY.The only thing I got was the xiao long bao since I was eating by myself. It's about $6 for 6, which is fairness, is pretty reasonable. They're also a lot bigger than your typical XLB, but maybe that's an American thing (portion sizes) that is. While some people probably love this, it actually contributes to some of the XLB's major flaws. Other than that, the flavor of the broth and pork were totally spot on. I was a bit disappointed to see that the wrapper was a bit grainy instead of the smooth-textured XLB that I'm guessing you can even find in Los Angeles (Din Tai Fung). These monsters are definitely sturdy little ones, and in that way, its fairly easy to pick up the dumpling without the skin breaking/soup spilling before you dip it into the ginger & vinegar. The wrapper can be a bit thick and chewy (in some spots) to accommodate for how much soup is in each XLB, though I've definitely had worse.Think of great XLBs like extremely delicate and strong ballerinas. Some people complain that the skin will break more easily as a result, but the truth is an especially skilled chef can achieve both. These are definitely aren't dainty like the highly-refined XLBs I've had in years past, but given the price point and various other options, they're definitely not too shabby. Best XLB ever? Nah. Did it hit the spot? Definitely.
This place is the joint! Prices are great and the soups, dumplings, and entrees are satisfying and tasty. I've been a regular for years. Parking is the pits, and it's always crowded and cramped, but the food is consistently terrific.I've had nearly everything on the menu, even the spicy beef & tripe, and have never been disappointed.Authentic Asian at it's best.Heron is my favorite server.
The food here is AMAZING. I've been coming here for many years now. The xiao long bao here are TO DIE FOR. It's freshly made in front of the shop. There was about 4 to 6 chefs in a tiny space with clear windows wrapping the individual dumplings. I would be giving this place a 5 star, however the wait was incredibly long. I came with 4 others and we had to wait nearly an hour till there was a table for us. Nonetheless the food came out fairly quick. The waiter was very splendid. He memorized our order without using his pad.  I am impressed.
Thanks Johnny J. for inviting me here! The soup dumplings were mad good yo.
1pm Chinese breakfast of very affordable deliciousness. We even bought a few dishes to take home to a friend, he didn't get any soup dumplings.
I would give 3.5 stars if I could! I ordered the spicy beef with tripe as it was recommended by another yelper. Unfortunately for me, it had a weird after taste, which I experienced another time at an Asian restaurant. It's some Asian spice I'm guessing that makes everything else taste weird...even my water! Left an after taste for 15 minutes and Kind of ruined my entire meal! I Also had the scallion pancakes...they were delicious, and the pork/crab soup dumplings...they were good but not anything I would order again! My girlfriend loved all of her dishes including tofu and udon noodles with vegetables... She couldn't stop raving and ate everything!
Decent food but coming from LA, I could only give it 3 stars. And I had to deduct a star because the crab xiao long bao was a rip off. Don't get me wrong, it is tasty but there was no crab meat whatsoever. The waitress said the little meat they add to the top of the dumplings is just a marker. Not one of the 6 dumplings we got had a marker. Uploaded pic. Buyer beware.
Amazing food served at communal tables. The atmosphere was a bit loud during Sunday brunch hours and it definitely helps if you speak Mandarin to make sure you get what you want inside the dumplings.
I'm hoping I can bring an outsider's perspective.  I'm from Seattle and a total fan of XLB.  Let me start by saying that if I'm giving this place 4 stars then Dinesty in Richmond BC gets a 6 or a 7 (No I don't work there).   But Nan Xiang is really good.  I've discovered that there seem to be two "styles" to XLB:  the delicate kind that Din Tai Fung does (along with Dinesty) and the more robust, thicker skin style that Nan Xiang represents.  If I had to choose I'd go with delicate but about once out of every 4 times I think I'd want what NX delivers.  It is so big and soupy!  In what they are, they are just right and ...what is it with you people who think Joe's is "it?"  I happily take the MTA 7 pilgrimage.  Seriously good place.
My favorite place in Queens, amazing Shanghai dumplings.
I really enjoyed my dining experience here. We were whisked away to the only table empty - and how lucky we were, since a line of ~10 people formed after us - and quickly given tea. We ordered the garlic cucumbers, spicy bamboo shoots, vegetable dumplings, and, of course, the soup dumplings. To be honest, I have nothing to compare them too, but the pork flavoring was great, and the soup dumpling eating experience was fun. The skins of the dumplings were so tender. The vegetable dumplings, while not soup dumplings, were also very good and filling. The aforementioned side dishes were abundant and flavorful even if simple.You'll feel a bit cramped but not totally invading your neighbors. Tip: flip up the top of our tea pot when you want more tea. Great Flushing experience!
"Dispute not with her: she is lunatic." William Shakespeare, Richard IIISome psychiatrists believe racism is a sign of mental illness. I agree, disguise it anyway you want to, say it's being old fashioned but  it is insane!I promised to upload pictures if we went back. Here they are!My husband's mother who was chef at her own restaurants through out the 5 boros for many years went. She was appalled that her son would force her to go to a restaurant that didn't have the "right" kind of Chinese people. She made my husband's brother order since she felt the staff was below her.She is from China, then moved to Hong Kong then Manhattan's China Town then Brooklyn and now Flushing. But somehow she has not managed to understand that there are other people in NYC besides the "right' kind of Chinese.I don't know if  other born in China Chinese people are this closed minded but she is extreme. His dad seems normal. My husband turned out normal too in spite of being raised by someone so sheltered and well,  insane. We have a Mandarin friend who she refused to let in her house to use the bathroom when we went by there because he is not Cantonese. He doesn't make me deal with her  if I don't want to and as you can imagine me being not just a white devil but having  blond hair and blue eyes, I am not her favorite person. But in spite of  her display of insanity at the restaurant over the fact that the staff was not the "right" kind of Chinese and there for probably dirty in her opinion she really did like the soup dumplings but not the rest of the food. Soup Dumplings are not Cantonese so they can't really do it worse then her since it isn't  a part of her  usual cuisine. Their entrees are just regular sloppily done not cut properly or Wok seared as well as they should be.Just go for the soup dumplings.The soup dumplings are good. And to the staff I apologize for her."Keep mixing the races until we're all the same grayish color - then there'll be no more racism, once we're all the same shade, man. 'Hey, gray!' 'Who you callin' gray, gray?' And then we'll actually be able to hate someone for the person that they are." Tom Rhodes
Place gets very crowded, but the wait didn't seem too bad. I've had better but this place is good enough.-pancake with beef: my favorite-turnup cake-soup dumplings: meh-fred pork buns: not a fan nothing but dough
Came around 5 pm on a Monday and we were seated instantly.  Despite diners being outnumbered by waitresses and cooks, the service was slow.  The soup dumplings were nice.  What's not to like about soup dumplings?  I think I like the dumplings at Joe's Shanghai a bit better though.Would I wait in a line down the block for these?  Probably not.  But I certainly enjoyed them.
This place has very yummy dumplings, and that's why we trek all the way here from the southern tip of Brooklyn - but on top of their dumplings, all the rest of the food we've tried here is not bad either.  The service is decent, nothing to complain about, and it's relatively fast.  The location is also comfortable: in New York, we are used to going to places with good food, but cramped space.  This is not like that at all, I actually feel very comfy sitting here to eat.  There's also a parking lot across the street - depending on when we go, there's sometimes parking.  If you are in Flushing, on a craving for good dumplings - this is definitely a place to try!
Favorite Xiao Long Bao joint, however it's gets very crowded. The xiao long bao's skin is a decent thickness, so that the soup isn't visible. The soup & meat is delish - I can do it with or without the sauce Their turnip puffs are delicious, best I've ever had. The puffs are crisp and the turnip is shredded, typically can finish in one bite, but I try to savor it as long as I can, as it only comes 4 in a dish. I'd also recommend the Sour Cabbage & Fish Noodle Soup, very tasty! Downside for the noodles and rice cake dish is that it's super greasy but it never stopped me from coming back. :3
They are basically famous for their Xiao Loong Pau. This are hand made on the spot and you can still see the "sifu" making them as you ordered.  Always busy so be prepare for not so attentive service to the extend of being rushed and rude,  and also sometimes the quality of the pau suffers too... I once ordered their beef rolled with scallion pancake but comes in just a few miserable pieces of beef and some kind of sauce and nothing else. The one in Flushing mall served up a much better one with generous amount of beef, parsley and also crushed peanuts.... at least something to chew on....  Their udon portion are on the small size so don't expect to share.  All in all,  I think there are better places out there with delicious xiao loong pau and a service with a smile.
It was meant to be. My friends and I didn't initially start out thinking we we're going to hit up this spot that day, but due to some schedule conflict, we took our train straight to flushing and ate to our hearts desire at Nan Xiang Dumpling House.The wait wasn't that long for a table of 5 on a saturday afternoon. Service was quick! We ordered a bunch of things and some of which are listed below:- Scallion pancake w/ beef - shiz was bananasssssssss! savory and delicious. It was a scallion pancake like no other being that it had a bit a fluff. aka - order it.- Wonton thingy in a peanut spicy sauce - the skin was a bit under cooked but the sauce was flavorful. My friends and I kept dipping other food into it :)- Beef and Tripe (Spicy)- HUGE FAN! It was nicely marinated in spicy sauce that made us want to pick it on it all day. Flavorful and nicely cooked.- Sliced Pig Ears - Really great! Crunchy :)- Rice Cake Stir Fry was bombed! Not too oily, enough flavor to keep you wanting more.- Steamed Pork Dumpling - Soup - What a procedure to eat this! But once you handle it like a champ and you take that first bite - the flavor just bursts into your mouth, get ready to slurp the slurp!- Pan Fried Dumplings - It was good, but not that fantastic compared to the other dishes. I prefer the steamed!- FRESH SOYBEAN DRINK! - YESAnyways - GO HERE, cuz it's great. :)
We went on a Saturday so I thought it would be busy, it was. Even the snowy bad weather didn't slow anyone down. Lucky for us (party of 2) we got a seat the moment we walked in.  We ordered (1) Scallion Pancake, it was good but it seemed it was deep-fried not pan-fried. A little too greasy for me but still good.  (1) Pork and Cabbage Noodle Soup, this was a much bigger amount of noodles then I thought it would be. Not too much pork but the noodles were good.  (1) Cucumber and Garlic appetizer. Seems like they gave us just about a whole cucumber sliced and cut into pieces not too heavy on the garlic.  (1) Pork and Crab Meat Dumplings. This was easily the best dish we ordered that day. It was soup dumplings but they don't mention that, great surprise. Very very tasty I would recommend this and probably the main reason I'd go back.Bathroom was unisex and almost always a line but no big deal. Prices are reasonable, everything I mentioned here was under $22 with tax.* Also noted, they accept cash only! *
"Why do we rely on  the food advice of a tire, also known as the Michelin man?" That was the question posed to me as the trademark of the plump tire man depicted on Michelin stickers outside Nan Xiang Dumpling House became visible.  Before I had a chance to reply, we were already inside Nan Xiang.  For a few minutes, we stood before the dumpling station, transfixed by the sight of one of  the cooks making xiao long bao - rolling out the dough, scooping the filling and pinching the dumpling close. Although it was a mild winter day, the decided chill in the air and  the thought of slurping the soup out of the xiao long biao made us giddy with anticipation. As we sat down, we asked for the crab and pork xiao long bao and the scallion and beef pancakes.  Again, the Michelin man became our topic of conversation especially since it was hardly four (4) hours since our last meal and we ourselves are probably turning into the Michelin man.  Over a hundred years since the first publication of the Michelin guide in 1900 to help drivers maintain their cars, find decent lodging, and eat well while touring France, Bibendum (Michelin man's name, taken from the Latin phrase nunc est bibendum or now is the time to drink) graced the shores of New York in 2006.  The integrity of its ratings stem from the fact that Bib does not say when he is visiting, he pays for his dinner and does not accept gifts. And Bib did not let us down.  When the crab and pork xiao long bao was finally served, it didn't take long for us to slurp and savor the crab roe.  It was not salty and the broth was sufficient in amount.  We then turned our attention to the scallion and beef pancake.  The pancake was thick and it was like a thick taco with thin slices of beef smeared with hoisin sauce.  It was a bit salty and oily for me.  Nonetheless, we left satiated and glad that neither Bib nor Yelp let us down with its rating of the xiao long baos here.
HOLY GUACAMOLE is this place good! And this is coming from someone who's not even a fan of soup dumplings, which of course this place makes excellent. I'm a true fan for stuff that's not the dumplings. Those greens with soybean side dish, and that beef pancake? Top notch stuff. I came here expecting sub par other stuff with excellent dumplings, what I got was excellent dumplings with phenomenal other stuff.
Word of advice, don't come here during lunchtime..there will be a long wait. I love this place, only negative thing I can say about them isthat there is always a long wait. You must order their steamed pork buns!We also order some cold appetizers and a stir fry udon noodle or crispy noodle with chicken is great too. Prices are cheap/ reasonable too.
My friend and I were so excited to try these famous soup dumplings that we raced here via subway from Grand Central, and two other friends trekked all the way from Harlem and New Jersey, which in retrospect is pretty damn dedicated for a Tuesday night. Thankfully, Nan Xiang lived up to the hype of being travel-worthy! We followed Yelp advice and ordered an array of soup dumplings (pork & crab, and pork alone), along with some scallion pancakes (both beef and plain), some pan-fried dumplings, and the Beef & Rice Cake dish. The food was absurdly cheap and superbly flavorful and delicious. The only complaint I have is that the pork & crab dumplings didn't taste at all different from the pork; I'm not sure if that's because they actually served us pork dumplings by accident or because the crab is just that flavorless. The soup dumplings were otherwise extremely flavorful and fun to eat to boot, with most of us having a pretty high broth-in-mouth success rate thanks to tips from other reviews. I'd say that the most important part of picking up the dumplings is to make sure not to poke or prod them too much with the tongs (surprise, surprise); it seems to help to use the spoon to pick them up. I highly recommend getting the fried scallion pancake, because there's nothing like broth and fried food to make you feel nice and satiated on a cold night. The pan-fried dumplings were pretty standard, and the rice cake and beef was super tasty despite being a grease-travaganza. That being said, Nan Xiang's dining area is extremely warm, so be prepared to strip like I did.All in all, a fabulous dining experience at Nan Xiang, and if you're in the area you should probably get some bubble tea for dessert from any of the plethora of boba stands in the area.
I used to love this place, but ever since they expanded the food hasn't been what I remembered. And I think the staff has gotten worse (they were okay before compared to other local chinese restaurants). And despite the extra space, it still feels ridiculously crowded. The crowding was almost cozy before expansion, especially in the winter (you need the extra body heat then).  It's a shame, because I have fond memories of eating here with my friends. I'm hesitant to recommend this place, but price-wise I suppose it's worth trying.
I'm a newbie when it comes to the Asian food mecca that is Flushing, but the first thing you realize after a short stroll is that you could have a decent lunch for a little more than $5 almost anywhere. And out of all the offerings, Nan Xiang is a definitely a standout. You won't find the gummy and sticky skins in these dumplings, their iterations are absolutely perfect. Never have I had a soup dumpling this delicate that actually held its form. If you've had a xiao long bao before, you'd know the hassle of picking it up without having split and tear on you, and when it's not doing that, it's too thick-skinned and gummy. None of those problems appear here. Aside from the dumplings, their scallion pancakes are great too. It was fried to a perfect golden brown, without it being drenched in oil. Not only that, they've actually seasoned it, unlike the past three iterations I've had of it.
Came here on a Saturday night and there was no wait! As opposed to Joe's Shanghai where theres always a wait and you feel rushed. The soup dumplings were amazing! In my opinion the best ones I had in NY so far. Love this place and wish I had a plate of their soup dumplings in front of me right now hahaa.
I recently attended Claire's soup dumpling UYE. Despite growing up with Chinese food every Sunday (as the Torah commands), I am still getting exposed to new Asian foods, and had never had xiao long bao. This meal was incredible from start to finish. My experiences were as follows...Sitting next to AMY S 3.bp.blogspot.com/_ySCIT… was a real treat because she helped us order and explained how to eat everything. We started with a CUCUMBER SALAD ferenc.biz/pictures/boys… that had great sesame oil dressing, and a PRESSED TOFU SLAW images.icanhascheezburge… that I loved.We had some other delicious side dishes too (like a bowl of SOY MILK farm3.static.flickr.com/… ), but the important thing is the soup dumplings. When they came out, they were STEAMING healthandphysicaleducati… and could barely be touched. Amy jokingly told me to hold them like a BREAST medindia.net/afp/images/… , which made it hard to MAINTAIN CONTROL 3.bp.blogspot.com/-6z9L5… of the tongs. But, I set out on my journey to FOOD HAPPINESS blog.tmcnet.com/blog/ric….I've never had anything like XLB - it was like getting TWO MEALS IN ONE earthlinggb.files.wordpr… First you get the soup, then the delicious PORK OR CRAB images.cheezburger.com/c…As good as this meal was, it was especially nice to be able to eat with Amy and Elle, two people FAMILIAR WITH THE CUISINE filehurricane.com/viewer…I juddhandler.com/wp-conte… would definitely come back HERE dlewis.net/nik-archives/….
That's right. One star.We went in and were immediately seated right next to the door. Wonderful, since it was 20-something degrees outside. I figured it was because the restaurant was cramped and there were no other seats, so I dealt with it.You'd think that a place known for their xiao long bao would mass produce those babies, especially on a Friday night. But when we asked them, they said that we'd have to wait 20 minutes for an order. 20 minutes! Completely ludicrous. I'd rather just go to Shanghai Cafe and get some xiao long bao that are most likely better and come out 10-15 minutes sooner.Anyway, I went in search of the bathroom because I'd had almost nothing but water and juice the whole day, and when I was heading there, lo and behold, there was another room with plenty of empty tables. Wow. How considerate of them.On a side note, the bathroom was beyond cold. I don't like freezing over when I pee.We all basically went "screw it" and got the hell outta there. Sentosa received three more customers that night.
First, let's get the obvious Xiao Long Bao comparison with Joe's Shanghai out of the way.I believe the title of "Best XLB" is way too subjective but this definitely belongs with the best in NY conversation.  Compared to Joe's, Nan Xiang's XLB have a subtler, less fatty broth while the dumpling skin is softer and ever-so-slightly thicker.  On XLB alone, which place I'd visit on any given day would depend on which side of the Heart Attack/Taste scale I want to be on.  (see Barney Stinson's Crazy/Hot scale for reference)But where Nan Xiang wins hands down are the other dishes.  For direct comparisons, the Shanghai stir-fry noodles, crispy noodles, and noodle soups at Nan Xiang are all far less greasy, more tasty than their counterparts at Joe's.  Plus, the cold appetizers (especially the Spicy Jellyfish) are fantastic in execution, balancing textures and flavors masterfully.  They even have soy milk of the sweet and savory varieties!  (Iced soy milk is very effective in dousing the heat from spicy dishes)Definitely a place to revisit in Flushing!
I've been here countless times and have never been disappointed. I order the same dishes every time and the food is consistently good.My staples here: pork soup dumplings (of course), pork wrapped in scallion pancake, shanghai pan fried udon with pork, rice cakes with pork, and sometimes the cold sweetened soybean milk. I've also had the shredded pork and snow vegetable noodle soup and that was very good. Pork all day, every day.They've slowly expanded their empire from one of those narrow restaurants on the row of restaurants on that block of Prince Street to THREE. They're trying to keep up with demand, but it seems their kitchen is still the same size. This means that the wait for your food to come out has become longer.I always tell people not to expect good service at Chinese restaurants in Flushing, but just a heads up -- the male waiters are nicer than the female waiters, who either act like they didn't hear you when you asked for water or make you feel like you're asking the world of them. Regardless, I will continue introducing co-workers and bringing friends from out of town here to taste some of the best food there is in Flushing.
Believe me when I say that this is the best Shanghainese restaurant in New York City. Do you believe me? Ok now go try it for yourself
I came here on a mission to try their pork soup dumplings - easily the best xlb I've ever had!! The skin was chewy and thin, yet it still encapsulated so much soup. The xlb are pretty big here, so one order was definitely enough to fill me up. Be prepared to wait ~30 minutes, though - even though I was seated promptly at 4:30pm on a weekend, my dumplings didn't come for another 40 minutes. Totally worth the wait though!
I don't think I've found a XLB (xiao long bao- aka. soup dumplings) that rivals those of Shanghai.  I may have found a contender.I like a few in Manhattan (Shanghai Cafe / Shanghai He Ping- to name a few) but none come close to the ones I had in Nan Xiang.The skin of the dumpling is delicate and soft, so you have to be extra careful when picking them up. Handle the dumplings with utmost care, like it's your newborn; it's cute to look at but bruises easily. Yes, I just compared XLB to a newborn baby- sue me, or rather, please don't, I don't have money. I am the 99%.Though, the delicate skin does provide for a fun game night.  Forget board games.  Our table was poking the dumplings as if it was Jenga.  People were keeping score on who successfully carried out the task and got a perfect XLB with no punctures.  Others like me, occasionally had those faces and grunts of frustrations (with hands smacking my face) when I poked the XLB and soup starting running out. (Think of the expression of losing a game of Jenga).Once successful, you are treated to a rich yet light and hearty soup broth.  It warms your soul.  See? Winning has its rewards.  Eat it first without the vinegar to appreciate the burst of flavor.  Combination of delicate dumpling skin and flavorful broth is the success to a winning XLB.Another deal? Their $1 made in-house soy milk.  Order it hot and you are treated to a nice generous bowl (it's probably like 3 cups of soy milk!).  It has a hint of sweetness but you can taste the fresh soy milk, as if the soybeans were just grounded.  The Shanghai udon noodles is another good dish- it's plain (noodles and veggies, no meat) but less is more.  While just a tad greasy, the noodles are cooked "al-dente" and have a springiness to them.  Did I just use an Italian term to describe a chinese dish? Consider me multicultural!The  scallion pancakes were passable; it's basically fried dough.  Fried anything is good, right?  I was expecting more scallions however.Overall, I need to make more stops to Flushings to get my daily dose of these perfect little dumplings.  As a wise man (Lil' Wayne) once said, "I love you like a fat kid loves food."
I love this place. Great service, the food doesn't take forever to be served and it's affordable.
We go to the one on Broadway and 102nd Street. It just opened in December 2014. This place is amazing because it's no bullshit. Everything is under $8. They literally tell you that they do not deliver, nor do they guarantee the quality of their noodles ten minutes after it leaves the kitchen. It's special like that. So, dine-in and be amazed at the quality.
I have only been here 3 times and the dumplings are awesome. They even give you healthy tea. You just have to watch what time you come here during the week lunch hour the line can get out the door but dinnertime I have always found a seat.
Came by on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. Parked in the underground parking garage in the shopping plaza next door for $3.50/hr. Got seated in about 10 minutes. We ordered the Shanghai udon, chives egg pan fried cakes, and two orders for the steamed cage buns (xiao long bao). Noodles and pan fried chives cake came fairly quickly. No steam buns though. Other tables mumbled about the long wait for their order of buns too and overheard a worker said that the steamer is broken and will take over an hour to fill the outstanding orders. Most people cancelled their orders. Was someone going to let me know the buns got delayed or what? I don't exactly have all day to wait. I asked for the check and requested the rest of the order cancelled. Parked car is on the clock and I am not waiting over an hour for the buns. Got the check for a total of $12 and I put on the tray a $20. After 15 minutes I still haven't gotten my change. Finally flagged down someone on my change and I left without leaving a tip. Waitress stopped my wife and asked no tip. Are they really that clueless?
Best soup dumpling place. I love their scallion pancakes and ka fu as well. I don't think I ordered anything else from there but why bother. Thats certainly more than enough.
One of my favorite Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) places in Flushing. I go to this place more often than any other XLB places. Besides, crab and meat XLB, I also had their fried dumplings, beef pancake, chicken soup, appetizers, and soy milk. They are all pretty good. The only small complain is - I wonder why the crab is so little in crab xiao long bao. It's mixed with meat so I don't taste the crab so much. Also, the seating isn't very comfortable although they expanded the restaurant space. It is usually very crowded.
This place is amazing. There are very few food spots I go back to multiple times and this is one of them. Their menu is simple, delicious and cheap. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on it, but of course the soup dumplings are phenomenal.
Very good dim sum and Shanghai style dishes. All very fresh with bright flavors. Service quick and courteous. Clientele is mostly locals (I.e. Chinese), always a good sign. Traditional soup dumplings were among the best we've had, and the beef noodle soup rang with star anise flavor. Recommended among the zillion choices in the immediate area.
To sum it up: good food, shitty service.  My gf and I ordered dumplings, pork buns, rice cakes with pork, and crispy noodles with seafood.  We expected the buns and dumplings first but didn't receive them until the end of the meal when we were just about full.  The rice cakes were great but barely any pork was served with them.  The crispy noodles were delicious with lots of seafood.  The dumplings and buns were tasty as well.  Flushing's Chinatown is definitely an interesting and quirky little area, but the driving and parking is terrible!
My taste buds take it as a personal insult when people say Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings are better than Nan Xiang's. That's outrageous!Seriously, everything on the menu is amazing. It's places like these where I wish I had a second stomach that I could use to swap out my full stomach so I can continue to eat.The cold dishes are great: cucumbers, jellyfish, sliced pig ears, delish!MM likes the crispy noodles with seafood, I prefer the rice cakes with beef.I like their soy milk (sweet or salty) with fried crullers and scallion pancakes with beef.And their soup dumplings, oh their soup dumplings! *.* This is why people squeeze into that narrow entrance, packed like sardines in there on a cold rainy day... it IS worth the wait.
Great cheap place!! Nice service. They asked me if I could wait 10 minutes so that they could get me a fresh batch of soup dumplings. They wanted me to have fresh dumplings and enjoy it rather than eat 30 minutes old ones. That sort of service is to be appreciated. Restaurants usually try to finish stock.I recommend the crab and pork soup dumplings.
Good place for Xiao long bao. Sitting can be little tight at some spots but that's pretty much the same as other restaurant around prince street. Lovely noodle and cold dishes. Keep in mind they takes cash only.
Update review,  u r in chinese restaurant not for the service,  but I ordered Shuman this time , it was cold... well they reduce the item price and that's it., their soup is not special. .. i only like their soup bun. Nothing else is special.
Lovely food. Busy place. Get sliced pigs ears. Beef scallion pancakes. Hot soup dumplings are the best in town. Beef tripe is awesome too.
Tasty dumplings with a range of options. While not NYC's best, they are good, especially considering the neighborhood's few options. Very accessible for those not as interested in a more authentic Flushing dumpling experience.
I have been craving xiao long bao (soup dumplings) for MONTHS! Finally, on a dreadful Sunday afternoon, VH and I ventured to Flushing and, among other things, wanted to try the soup dumplings at this placeAs a starter we shared a salty soybean milk with Chinese breadsticks (the breadsticks seemed a popular choice around the restaurant) and fermented veggies, which was perfect for the cold and rainy day (we added some hot sauce to it, though). We then had a scallion pancake. The pancake came with beef (a mistake on their behalf, but they didn't charge us for the beef), which was just ok: too much hoisin sauce, and the pancake itself was a bit too oily and heavy.The xiao long bao with crab meat and pork are really delicious: the soup is very rich and flavorful, the meat tender and juicy, with a nice texture and perfect consistency. Certainly the pork flavor overwhelms the crab (a bit more crab, please...), but nonetheless this is a great, sinful, hearty soup dumpling.The place is pretty small, very busy, and there is no waiting area, which means that if you have to wait for a table you may have to wait in the narrow corridor that connects the restaurant to the street, or in the street. For this reason, I wouldn't recommend for a party larger than 4.
Try their food for the first time. Try the pork and cabbage soup dumplings, pan-fried pork dumplings, and vegetable noodle soup. The dumplings (both) were okay, but the noodle soup was not satisfying. It was too salty for my taste (think it tasted like MSG?)
great pan fried pork buns!xiao long bao (soup dumplings) (steamed pork buns on their menu) HAVE SO MUCH SOUP! Went with two individuals that were born in china and they both loved it and agreed on the amount of soup. I think their soup dumplings are better than joes shanghai in chinatown.Braised bean curd is fantastic. Has a fresh mozzarella texture, nice spice. The two i went with also really liked the spicy bamboo shoots.
Great soup buns, puts Joes Shanghai to shame.  Secrets out though as non-locals now frequent this place even though there's no English on the awning.  Least crowded for breakfast, cold soy milk here is my favorite.
Found this place looking for a late night bite in Flushing. Very affordable, fantastic soup dumplings served with tangy fresh ginger-seasoned ginger. My boyfriend ordered a dish with minced pork, cabbage, and chewy rice cakes that looked like Korean tteokbokki and it was also super yummy. Only $13 for our meal. This restaurant is conveniently located in Flushing and I will return for sure. Highly recommended.
Best dim sum place to date! Love the scallion pancakes, the rice cakes, and the dumplings! Cash only though!
I decided to give this place a try again. Originally, I was planning on trying "Spicy and Tasty" down the block, but they were already closed (and thankfully so because we wouldn't have noticed their C sanitary inspection rating otherwise!).XLB's: A little bland to me. Pricey, especially given that they only come six in an order at a higher price than what you'd normally pay for eight elsewhere.Spicy beef noodle soup: I tried it again and I didn't like it. It was good, just not for me. Not very spicy, but the broth did have flavor from the peppers.Scallion noodles: Plain noodles seasoned with some sesame oil and soy sauce. Plain and simple with good flavor.Vegetable dumplings: I didn't get to try these, but my girl who had them said they were good.Also note: There aren't many vegetarian options. Vegetarians, you'll be limited to about three or four dishes at most.
Its hard not to compare these dumplings to Joe's. This place is good, yes but I like the soup in my dumplings to be big in flavor, and fattier. I really didnt think nan xiang did it for me.  BUT .... The other dishes on the menu are freaking amazing, the scallion pancake with the sliced beef is wonderful and so are the seafood pan fried noodles.I really appreciate that they have only ONE misspelling on the menu! YAY !
Best soup dumplings ever. All the food is actually pretty good, but the dumplings is a must have. I come here all the time, the Shanghai Nice noodle is great.The wait time used to be long because the place was pretty small now it has grown it took on to other stores next to it.
I'm downgrading Nan Xiang because of the crappy customer service. The last time I came, THEY were the ones who screwed up an order. They brought the wrong dish. I had taken a bite of the wonton or dumpling (don't remember), and tasted/saw it wasn't the dish we had ordered. Then they had the audacity to still charge us for the dish since I had touched it. Excuse me? How was I supposed to know that it was wrong without touching or taking a bite? Since when does the customer need to pay when the company makes the error?Now that they have a solid customer base, they just don't care anymore about keeping their patrons coming.
Supposedly the best dumpling restaurant in NY and well, I can't say that I agree. I had:-Soup dumplings-Spicy won tons-Seafood fried noodles-Scallion pancake-Shao Mai dumplings-Pot stickersThe vinagar soy sauce is meant for the soup dumplings and were paired well. I loved the seafood noodles and recommend anyone eating here to try it. Even though it was pricier than back home at $9.95Overall, just OKAY and not the best i've had.
Hands down, best soup dumplings in the city.But the rest of the food was a greasy soggy disappointment
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is well known in Flushing as having some of the best little soup dumplings.  If you come here after 9:30 a.m., you will be waiting for a table.  Come early, 'nuff said. For a short time, I had a small table to myself.  As I waited for my food to arrive (about twenty minutes cooking time), they let a party of two sit at my table.  I wasn't sitting in the nicest of tables, closest to the bathroom and near the serving and inside counter, the waitresses were hustling back and forth, causing me not to relax.  Lots of loud, frantic energy as the ladies rushed around and also rushed you to finish.  I saw lots of patrons enjoying noodle soups, rice cake, rice rolls, fried cruellers and dumplings all before 10:00 a.m.  The Xiao Long Bao or steamed pork buns are freshly made and has thin skin, though I have seen thinner.  They come six to an order and a small silver tong is included for $5.50 served on top of cabbage in a steamer.  I used my chopsticks instead and tried to mobilize my dumpling but the first puncture happened and a lot of soupy goodness spilled on my plate and another time in the steamer.  With only 2 small mishaps, I did pretty good.   The thing to do is grab the dumpling gingerly and then place it on your soup spoon.  Bit a small hole and suck up some of the soupy loveliness, then if you like the black vinegar and ginger, add that and eat the remaining dumpling or you can put vinegar dip on the bottom of your soup spoon and then place the dumpling on top.   The meat has nice flavor, I can taste pepper and the soup has a nice sweetness to it.  Don't let them cool down too much, as the skin tastes a lot better when it is warm.  I also had the scallion pancake and it was nicely browned and heavier than I expected.  After eating this meal, I wasn't hungry the rest of the day.  On another yelping expedition, I had a bowl of soy milk, fried bun with chives and egg and the Shanghai shui mai.  The fried bun looked like a giant empanada.  Inside it was filled with Chinese chives, small fried egg bits and rice sticks (cellophane noodles).  The filling was a bit on the greasy side and the giant empanada look too limp like it needed lots more filling.   The shui mai had a thin wrapper and was stuffed with sticky rice and each shui mai had a pea on top.  This one was very bland and dry. I would definitely not order this item again.  The soy milk was a great accompaniment to this meal and help me wash it all down. So when a place such as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has XLB in its name, don't deviate.  Stick to the steamed soup dumplings.  Four stars for the Xio Long Bao and soy milk, three stars for everything else and two stars for rushy service.
A word to the wise: if you get here, you're told your wait is 10-15 minutes, and you're handed #18 when they've just called #5...you're going to be waiting a bit longer than that. Nan Xiang is a popular joint on the weekends, and if there's a crowd, you can probably sneak away and grab a bubble tea or a snack from nearby and make it back before you're called. We made it back just as they called the number after us, but my girlfriend's Chinese came in handy and got us seated just as they finished cleaning up a table. Service is your typical Chinese, although I don't even think the guy who served us had any working knowledge of English outside of the numbers used to sit people. I don't care as long as I get my food, though...This place is noted for their soup dumplings, but honestly...I could take them or leave them. I appreciate the thin skin and hearty amounts of broth that they come with, but I prefer the dumplings to be of thinner skin and to be smaller as well - similar to what's prevalent out in San Francisco or some of the smaller joints in Manhattan Chinatown I've been to. It's also more expensive - you get 6 large ones for $6.50; you can definitely get more for less back on the island. The main reason to come here is the scallion pancake with sliced beef. Forget about this place being called a dumpling house; this place knows how to make a freakin' tasty scallion pancake. The dough is much more pastry-like in texture in that it's chewy and doesn't come off as overly greasy/oily as other pancakes do. Throw in tender sliced beef and a heapin' helpin' of hoisin (how do you like that for alliteration!) sauce, and you have yourself three slices of heaven for $3.95. So much win in this dish, and by far the best pancake I've had anywhere to date. The kau fu was standard but pretty good, while the fried pork buns were good, if not as sizeable and juicy as the ones I had at Shanghai Gourmet in Manhattan.Be prepared to wait a little bit if you come here during prime lunch hours, but it is worth the wait. Soup dumplings are good, but the epic win at Nan Xiang comes from the beef scallion pancake.
This place is cash only which I hate but it is a thing in most places in NYC. We just got the soup dumplings and I have to say that the service was quiet terrible, so I'm glad we didn't get more than one item.
Reasonable price, great service, and great food.. What more can I ask from a restaurant? Their xiao long bao is out of this world.. and they have this soy drink which has just the right amount of sweetness to finish off a great meal. Definitely recommended.
I don't generally like Chinese food (sorry!) But this place is amazing. When food is really done precisely and authentically, you really cannot go wrong.It's usually very busy, but I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes for a table - even when we once walked in with a group of 15 people on a Saturday night. I'm still not sure how they were able to accommodate all of us - but they did! And it was great!The menu is straight forward and easy to understand - and pay for. Prices are insanely inexpensive. I always get the scallion pancakes, the pork juice buns and the crispy noddles. My fiance (Jon R.) does not like the crispy noodles BUT I am a fan! The texture of crispy, savory, and saucy really does it for me. And of course, don't forget the soup dumpling!Forget Chinatown, Flushing is the real deal. If you want authentic, delicious and a great overall experience - Nan Xiang is all that and a bag of chips.
I was here on on Wednesday 5/1/13 and was a bit disappointed. Price is a bit steep now that I've had a chance to really pay attention to it but I suppose that comes along with being located in Flushing. In general, things seem to be more expensive in Flushing than the Brooklyn or Chinatown counterparts but you can't really be super picky about it when it comes to soup dumplings. They're kind of a rare commodity so choices are limited... Beggars can't be choosers.I ordered scallion pancakes which came out crispy (good), but very greasy and bland, and severely lacking in the key ingredient: scallions!Had one order of dumplings (6) which cost about $6 I think, which is not cheap when you compare to Joe's Shanghai. They came out piping hot and tasted good though.Also ordered shredded pork with rice cakes. They were extremely greasy (which I've come to expect from rice cakes in general) but the order was ridiculously small. It didn't even fill up the serving plate it came on. Other than the grease, it was good.Service was okay - they came by and refiled my tea and cleared off the empty dumpling tray. What can I say? They did their job. It was the middle of the week, after all, and there was barely anyone in the restaurant.Total price was about $20 after tax+tip for the above meal which didn't really fill up me and my wife. This place has gone downhill a bit...
I have been here twice and the service sucked both times I went here that every time someone suggest that we go here I refuse to eat here. First time I went here we only ordered xiaolongbao and they even forgot our order so much so that the table who was seated after us had their dishes and xiaolongbao first. It took about an hour for it to come after we asked them what happened to our order which they said they forgot. Second time I went here the same thing happened and I was with another person who wanted to try their xiaolongbao. Even worst was this place wasn't even busy when they forgot our order. I don't see what's even great about their xiaolongbao, the pork and crab soup dumplings in Joe Shanghai is more flavorful in my opinion. I was going to give this place another try a few months ago with another person, we saw the rating they had and we went to Joe Shanghai instead because Joe had a better clean rating.
This place is AMAZING!!! I thought I had the best Taiwanese cuisine in LA, aka the food MECCA, but this beats anything I've ever had out there. The scallion beef pancake is so crunchy and fluffy and the meat used in the spicy beef noodle soup is soft! Great price, great food... Just.... Wow. :)
I came here expecting A LOT because of all the hype but came out slighly disappointed.Of course, having the name Nan Shian, you better pull your own weight in the xiaolongbao department and to be honest it wasn't bad.  People have been telling me that it is one of the best in NY and if this is the best, then they best get out to LA and have a little taste.  Price is reasonable for xiaolongbao.  Good juiciness from the meat and they give you the ginger soy sauce mix that cuts into the fatness of xiaolongbao.  Also tried to crab roe variation.  Not as strong as I expected but you can still taste the crab.I did like their cold side dishes though.  Pig ear, "fuchifeipian", and the seaweed were all very delicious.  Lots of chili oil but don't worry it is more of a mild spiciness.  Also had the green onion cake beef wrap.  I think that was my favorite.  Braised slices of beef and sauce was good but the crispiness of the green onion cake really makes the dish stand out.Overall, still a nice spot in Flushing for solid Shanghainese/Chinese food but not something that's a "must" for me the next time I'm in NY.
Very fresh and hot food, tastier than NYC Chinatown and worth the trip from Manhattan....the only thing lacking was attentive service, but the waitstaff was friendly when they did appear
Great price and really good soup dumplings! Got the green scallion pancake with shredded beef and found it to be overwhelming with the sauce. Would stick with regular green scallion pancake next time! Sweet hot soybean milk was almost as good as my momma's! :)
This is kind of all I day dream about when lunch time comes around and I am nowhere near Flushing.XLB and beef scallion pancakes were BOMB!!I played it safe with these recommended dishes and I wasn't disappointed. There was no room left for dessert but maybe next time I'll go for it. Suck it Joe Shanghai.
You're by Roosevelt and Main St thinking about what you should eat. Asian food of course! I've been wanting dumplings for a while so this place was exactly what I needed. The pork dumplings, pork buns, and scallion pancakes were all pretty good. The portions are big and the prices are negligible. This is a great brunch/lunch spot. I don't think I'd do dinner here unless it was to go. It doesn't have the ambiance for that unless maybe it's just you and a bunch of friends.
Delicious dumping but terrible customer service!  Really bad, may be this is New York standard.
I seriously love this place!   I don't visit as often as I would like to b/c I hate the drive to flushing from Brooklyn.  But whenever I'm in Queens it's a must stop for me.Xiao Long Bao & scallion pancake w/beef are my must haves !   Then I wash down all the food with a bowl of warm soy bean milk--- yes I said bowl. It's served in a soup like bowl.I always go during the late afternoon and never waited more than 10 mins for a table.  As for service-- it's the same for most restaurants in Chinatown & Flushing--- they seat you, take your order, bring your food, bring your check. Period.
Food ======$5.50 6 pieces, xiao long baoImmediately, that soup dumpling tasted gooood. But I have no basis of comparison.. as that was my first. Unless of course I had it in a less extravagant setting (say the basement of the Golden Mall) for 12 pieces, $3.30, in which case... both were good in their different ways? Kudos on their dipping sauce as well; always nice to see some julienne-d ginger. Decor=======Chinese, wooden bamboo, all that goodnessService======When it's crowded, not so much good service, but when they aren't so harried it's not too bad.Extra!======- Complimentary hot tea
My boyfriend and I went to this place because our favorite Chinese spot (Lao Dong Bei) was closed. We were first sat at a table literally that less than a foot away from another couple (we might as well have been sitting at the same table as them). There were at least 5 other tables open, so we asked to move to a different table. I'm not really sure who the server was, there were two different people helping us. The female server was very unpleasant and inattentive. She was slamming dishes around angrily and forgot one of the items we ordered. The food was alright, I liked the spicy pork wontons (not actually spicy though) and the pork soup dumplings (they are called steamed pork buns on the menu, which kind of confused me but whatever). Overall, I probably won't be back. Try Lao Dong Bei for great food and great service, they don't speak much English but you can make it work.
This review is waaaaaaaaay overdue considering the amount of times I've come here.For me, this is my benchmark for comparing all other soup dumplings. Unfortunately for me, no other soup dumpling place has ever come CLOSE to this benchmark so I end up coming here for my soup dumpling fix. If I lived closer, I would put this restaurant as my address because that's where you'd find me. This place is the real deal. Ask me about anything else on this menu? Don't kid yourself. If you come here and DON'T eat the soup dumplings, you've just wasted precious moments of your life.Look, to put it simply.. they make their soup dumplings FRESH. The broth is really clean unlike other places where they offer very murky tasting soup. Their scallion pancake with beef is also REALLY damned good. It can get a bit heavy so I highly suggest you use the red pepper flake hot oil to cut the heaviness. Nan Xiang Dumpling House is just something that is irreplaceable to me. They have a wonderful balance of meat to broth that I have yet to find anywhere else.Pretty sure this place is cash only. Their service is okay at best, their soup dumplings come out slow (because they're fresh) but their soup dumplings are bar none the best thing I've ever had!
The only thing i recommend is the crab pork dumpling. Other than that, i tried the beed scallion pancake which had good reviews but it had an old beef and oily  taste. The vegetable dumpling is a waste of money. It was one of the worse dumplings i ever had in my life. I think joe shanghai is much better except for parking. This place is rated c and the restaurant is not the cleanest.
Went there for XLB, found another favorite.  Pork and vegetable wonton in spicy sauce. The sauce is more savory than spicy; it is sesame & peanut oil with soy sauce. Unsuspecting combinations of excellence.
Don't get me wrong, I love this place, but that might be mostly due to nostalgia. Nan Xiang is a place I've been going to since I was a tiny tot (well I went to People's people's which sold the same food and was located in the same spot). I love the food there, but it's definitely gone down hill significantly. Here is the timeline of their slow descent. First they were tiny and had the single room which was almost always packed. You had to wait a long time, but the service was great and the food was great. Totally worth the wait.Then they expanded and it was still good, but some recipes definitely changed. The beef wrapped in shao bing became scallion pancake wrapped instead. Then the scallion pancake became deep fried and sort of tasteless. Their service started going downhill because they have the same waitresses (literally the same), but triple the number of customers. This meant sitting at a table for 30 min to get plates and tea. Then 10 more min to get your order taken. The food still comes out pretty quick, but bland. The salty soy milk was bland. How does that work? The wait staff is, understandably, stressed and really unfriendly. You might have to ask 20 times to get some chili sauce. I might have reached the point where the wait is no longer worth it.
I got the chance to try Nan Xiang when my mom brought me there for lunch.  A few years ago, the place was just the size of one store front, but now due to the popularity of the place, they expanded their seating area to the store next to them and the wait now is not as terrible as before.  The restaurant is busy all hours of the day, but not to fret!  The turnover of this place is pretty quick.  I think the longest I've wait was about 20 minutes, but it's worth it!!  When you are seated, the very first thing to do is ORDER THE XIAO LONG BAOS!!  They serve 2 types: the original type, and the one with a crab meat mix.  Each order comes with 6 delicious, juicy dumplings!!  Nan Xiang's XLBs are definitely the best I've had.  Other dishes I also ordered (on this visit):-spicy beef and tripe: it's a cold appetizer and super spicy, but so delicious!  -The fried pork buns: juicy pork wrapped inside the bun, panfried leaving a crispy bottom!-Scallion Pancakes: light, airy, crispy fried pancakes that just melts in your mouth when you take a bite!-Rice cake with beef: a bit oily, but the rice cakes were dough and chewing, stir fried with strips of beef and vegetables like carrots and cabbage.  A definite must have!I definitely recommend this place over Joe's Shanghai, cheaper and definitely tastier!!
I'm not saying only Shanghainese people know how to make Shanghainese food. On the contrary, my favorite place for Shanghainese food proves, time after time, to be Jade Garden, a mammoth chain in Shanghai owned by the Taiwanese. The source of my favorite XLBs in the world are found in a Taiwanese chain, Din Tai Fung (overpriced etc etc, but the crab xlbs are the best anywhere and everywhere). But all of the failed attempts at Shanghainese food (and namely Xiaolongbaos) in New York is a disgrace. This is a dump. The food served here (aside from the XLB) is fit for a migrant worker. Seriously, this place makes my neighborhood XLB takeout spot in Shanghai look like a palace. I ordered jellyfish and seaweed to start, which were the biggest and most offensive mistakes I have ever committed as a Shanghainese person. I am trying not to think about what object was actually served in the jellyfish dish, and the seaweed dish was sent back before any damage was done. Secondly, how is any of the flavoring in these dishes even remotely Shanghainese??? NEVER IN MY LIFE. I feel like it's insulting that they would even serve this, this is your attempt at Shanghainese? It's reduced to this? Yeah it was cheap ($5 for jelly fish), but I would've much rather paid more for a decent plate of jelly fish that isn't piled high like that, or how about you just don't?The Xiaolongbaos came next. They were decent. To be fair, I have not had any great XLBs in New York and generally don't like XLBs, maybe from eating too much when I was a kid. The main issue, I think, is the meat. The pork in these dumplings are bland and clearly not fresh, the flavors in the broth owe a lot to the seasoning, which is pretty intense to be fair. But there's no..."xian" in the meat. The skin is on the thick side and the size of the XLBs are way too big? Is this super size me? As far as NYC goes, I guess they're an ok option. Finally, we ended the meal with pan fried noodles and rice cakes. I liked both of these dishes. But I'll be honest with you, this is one of those restaurants that no Shanghainese person would go to if it were in Shanghai.
We were on a business trip and friends of my co-worker's brought us here.  I'm from L.A. and the best dumplings I had was at Ding Tai Fung.  I wouldn't say Nan Xiang was better than Ding Tai Fung, but they both have the best dumplings!  We also had some appetizers (jellyfish, beef tripe) and fried noodles and they were good.  The place looked clean but I only wish they had a nicer bathroom.
XIAO LONG BAO!!!! This is another Xiao Long Bao place other than Joe's Shanghai.. I love this place because they have smaller tables and you don't have to sit in a big round table with different groups of people.. It's so hard to share in Joe.. So I ordered the normal xiao long bao and the crab xiao long bao.. Both are good.. The skin of the dumpling is sooooo thin and you have to carefully grab it without spilling the soup in the dumpling.. I don't think I know how to pick it up without failing.. So I used my hand instead.. :P I only failed once out of 6.. :P my friend failed half of the time.. aha.. :P We also ordered Fried Shredded Chicken rice cake.. It's really good and authentic.. I am so hungry so I ate quite a lot... LOVE LOVE LOVE it.. and it's cheap too.. :) Can't believe I can get a meal in NYC without paying more than 15 bucks!!! WOW!!!!
Had high expectations for the shanghai dumplings at Nan Xiang, being located in Flushing and all, but the pork filling had a strange taste that I wasn't quite used to. It just tasted a bit off, like there was a different seasoning or a different cut of pork used. Not sure what it was, but I don't think I'd come back here for xiao long bao. You still need some skill to not break the skin when picking it up from the steamed bamboo trays. It's nice that you can see the chefs making the XLB right before your eyes since the dumpling folding station is opened to the eating area. The prices were also very reasonable, which was expected for a restaurant in Flushing.
The best soup dumplings I have ever had! I've had it 2x before and 2 other restaurants which were all really good but this place is the best out of the 3 I've tried so far! I highly recommend the pork soup dumplings. It's the most flavorful of them all. We also got the sesame pancake that everybody raves about and it was really good too! All in all, this will now be my go to place for soup dumplings whenever I'm in NY.
Best soup dumplings in Queens. Soup dumplings are new for me. Being a white guy, "dumplings" are dumplings has been my POV. How wrong I am. The Nan Xiang soup dumplings are hand made by a crew in the small kitchen you pass going to your table. The dumpling cover is thin and not doughy like other dumplings. The meat filling is a great blend of "whatever" and tastes great with the flavorful broth inside the packet. The trick - which I have not fully mastered - is to eat your order of dumplings without leaving any soup on your plate. Don't go here for the ambiance or to be fussed over by waitstaff. Go for the amazing dumplings.
I've been here at least a dozen times and the soup dumplings have been consistently delicious!!!I've had soup dumplings at the famed Din Tai Fung Dumpling House (at the original LA location) and Nan Xiang's are superior. They're also A MILLION times better than the sucky ones served at the tourist/American trap Joe's Shanghai. (My ranking: Nan Xiang,  Din Tai Fung, Joe's Shanghai lagging far behind) The dumplings here are larger than those served at other restaurants so they come 6 to an order instead of the usual 8. The dumpling skin is the perfect thickness (or should I say, thinness!) and hold a mouthful of yummy soup.Skip the rice cakes here - they're super oily. I'd recommend the appetizer dishes they keep in the front of the restaurant especially the cucumber with garlic and the spicy beef with tripe. End your meal with some hot soy milk and an order of red bean puffs.
Wonton good but beware, they are vert skimpy with meat..Beef chow fun, $9.95 had literally 6 piece of small cut of beef, the chicken hot pot $9.95 had the same amount of chicken with 5 broccoli and a Hugh amount of rice.  Is never seen a restaurant that is so stingy. You will not get the value they overcharge. The food is okay, but you will feel like your eating vegetables and starch because of their stingyness.  not a good value for your money. Too bad.
This used to be my go to spot for Xiao Long Baos, but ever since their renovation they've definitely gone downhill. Not sure if I can provide an alternative... guess you could always go hang out with the tourists at Joe Shanghai.
Delicious soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and fried soup dumplings (sheng jian bao), average other food, in a small, clean restaurant with an efficient and friendly staff. I have tried almost all the other well known soup dumpling places and these were the juiciest and most flavorful (we had the pork ones...oops, there I go again Rabbi - sorry!). Also take Jin Y's advice and get two orders because you do only get 6, not 8 pieces per order.We also tried the scallion pancakes and pan fried dumplings. If you come here, come for soup dumplings or  fried soup dumplings. The flavor of both are amazing!
Best soup dumplings in New York City hands down. Besides the pork soup dumplings, I recommend the beef and tripe and/or the cucumber cold appetizers. This place is cash only and usually there is a wait for tables. Don't expect good or attentive service but do expect warm brothy perfect soup dumplings.
Joe's Shanghai takes a close second. These are the best I have had outside Shaghai. Worth the wait. But you dont have to if you get up early enough.
Food is yummy as always but the waiters are just unacceptable. We came in and said hi and asked for a table for two. The lady said "in the back" and we walked to the back. Another guy yelled at us for walking to the back....when we were finally seated and ready to order, the waitress asked what we would like, as I was talking, she was talking to another table! =___='
Def worth the hype and its michelin stars as you can tell by the many reviews for this spot.Place is authentic, no question you come here get the crab/pork soup dumplings, a lot of em.Price is very reasonable, great value here.However, their noodle dishes (particularly cripsy noodles) are very delicious and fresh.Service can be worked on as are a majority of asian restaurants, but this place is always pretty busy and serving out delicious handmade soup dumplings.  Be careful they are very hot with lots of tasty steamy broth sauce inside.  Only neg, no booze.If your looking for another appetizer & want to try something you wouldn't see at your normal take out try the spicy beef and tripe, or drunken chicken.  Cant go wrong here.  O yeah remember CASH ONLY !
Yes this place has the best soup dumplings in the area (and even past the flushing area for which a long while). It is their specialty - they have 5 people alone making them in the back - if that's not dedication to some great soup dumplings then i don't know what is. If I go, i'll always get the cold appetizers they have in the front (so you can just point if you don't quite know what the menu says). They are great to share or snack on. And the portions are quite good.The pork/cabbage noodle soup was surprisingly really good. It's a nice light dish with really nice textured noodles. I usually get this one.One thing with the xiao long bao - eat them quickly. The skin will get hard - but be gentle because you do not want to break them otherwise the juice ( which is the point of these little baos) will flow out. They get 5 stars for the xiao long bao but 4 because there are certain dishes that are better elsewhere but - its no a big deal - because the other dishes aren't their specialty. It would be a problem if their specialty sucked. Personally, northern chinese food has never really been mind blowing for me. Their dishes are good for what they are i'll say that though. I'll always go here if I want xiao long bao but i'll never crave anything else on their menu. That is why its only 4 stars as opposed to 5.
Enjoyed the food and service here over and over.. Great Stinky Tofu.Best rice and beef combos around.  We got stuck in a rainstorm and stayed for about 3 hours.  There is a warm and family feel to the place.
Also known as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, this restaurant is always packed with lines going along the curb outside. Why? I had no idea until I finally came here at 9pm on a week night when the crowds were almost non-existent. Along the strip of small restaurants along Prince St., you wouldn't know about this hidden gem unless by word of mouth. Situated in this small restaurant is about ~10 tables, with one large 8-10 person table.The menu is fairly small so you won't spend a lot of time trying to decide what to order. For our party of 4, we ordered several dishes which the scallion pancakes came out in about 5 minutes, and the remaining dishes in another 5 minutes:- Scallion pancake with sliced beef ($3.75) - OMG. This dish was DELICIOUS!! It tasted like Pekking duck with the Hoisin Sauce (Sweet Bean Sauce) but wrapped in Indian nan bread. I definitely recommend getting this dish or possibly even two orders, as there are only 3 pieces per order.- Shanghai pan fried udon ($6.95) - Noodles were thick and served al dente, with just the right amount of yummy greasiness.- Rice cake with beef ($6.95) - Rice cakes were soft with a subtle firmness, none of them clumping/sticking together. Beef was tender and flavorful. This dish was perfect, the sauce not overly abundant, where at other restaurants you can find this dish drowning in sauce.- Steamed pork buns ($5.50) for 6 - We ordered two dishes of trays of this. These small steam pork buns (dumplings) were very tasty with a good amount of juice inside, similar or possibly even better than Joe Shanghai. Be sure when biting into this, to suck the juice out so it doesn't leak all over your dish. Pour a little ginger soy sauce on top, and mmm, mmm yummy. And don't forget them as soon as they're served, steaming hot!Mmmm, I'm definitely a big fan of this place and could understand why this place can get so crowded. If you do get a chance to check this place out, I definitely recommend getting the Xiao Long Bao (Steamed Pork Buns) and the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef. These are two dishes that will make your stomach and soul pleasantly happy.
Great soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and everything! I especially liked the rice cake and beef. The rice cakes have a really interesting texture- not interesting weird, interesting tasty- and the dish had a lot of flavor. Went with 5 people, got a ton of dishes and it was an even $15 each with tip.
i found this place thru youtube video. food was good but service was ehh. i was there with my boyfriend we didnt wait too long to be seated. we got soup dumplings, soy milk andcrispy dough. overall food tasted good. but besides being seated fast waiter wasnt friendly or nice. i would go back for the food for sure.
Order the buns!!! Order the buns!!! Order the buns!!!I was a bit pessimistic about trying this place since I've been a Joe's fan for quite some time. But let me tell you, these buns are just as good, if not, dare I say... better than Joe's.This place can get busy, but you have to talk to yourself and realize that sometimes... good things come to those who wait. You'll be glad you did.Their homemade soy milk for $1 comes in bowl, that may make you feel like a cat... but don't worry, just drink it! It's good!I ordered sliced pig ear, and it was all I hoped it to be! Porky, chewy, soy-y, spicy, ear-y.  If you're one of those people that loves to eat cartilage off the bone of a chicken wing, then you'll like the texture of the ears. Fantastic.The hot pepper and beef noodle soup is good, and seems like a very popular item, but order the pork or pork and crab buns along side. Trust me, they're worth it!
The food are good. The price is reasonable. It is crowded most of time. But that proves this is a good place.
Way better than Joe Shanghai. This place is legit. Dumplings are large and savory, the side dishes(cucumber salad) is a perfect addition to the dumplings. If you're into noodles, try their house pork and vegetable noodles. Great flavor!
This here is the best xiao long bao, or soup dumplings, in NYC.  The lines may be long at times, but it's worth the wait.  Although I recommend going early in the evening, especially if you are trekking to Flushing on the weekends, because the line will stay long for quite a few hours during dinner time.  The soup dumplings here have me wondering why the hell anybody actually think Joe's Shanghai is so great.  Nan Xiang puts Joe's Shanghai to shame.I have been to this restaurant numerous times by now and their soup dumplings have never disappointed.  They have two basic kinds - the regular soup dumplings with pork and the crab soup dumplings.  The crab soup dumplings are not entirely made of crab, but a mixture of both crab and pork.  The sign of good soup dumplings is that when you bite into one even with the slightest of pressure, the soup squirts out.  It requires the thinnest of dumpling skins and the right amount of soup inside the dumplings.  You will find that if you are not careful eating the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang, all the soup will fall into your spoon or bowl.  What you want to do is bite the top ever so slightly and slurp up the soup.Everything being said, however, I do not really like the other dishes Nan Xiang has to offer.  I really only go there for the soup dumplings.
Totally fantastic soup dumplings!
Great xlb. One of the better ones I try in nyc. Food taste authentic. I would have 5 stars but my pan fried buns meat inside was not cooked all the way. Glad my hubby caught it before my son and I eat it.
So glad there's an alternative in Flushing for XLBs! We went for lunch and ordered both the pork and pork/crabmeat XLBs, scallion pancake and vegetable noodle soup. The XLBs did not disappoint. I am still a fan of Joe's but if the line is too long on any given day, I would highly recommend you check out Nan Xiang. The scallion pancake and soup were decent but nothing to write home about. Bonus: there is a municipal lot right across the street which is convenient.
Shanghai specialists.   Breakfast is crowded.  Lunch is busy.  Dinner is crowded. Why? Because its delicious
THinner skin than joes shanghai and more juice. Best in City to me.
This place was a great find! Would recommend to anyone craving authentic Chinese dumplings and rice cake. My fiance and I got the soy milk, fried dough, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, and rice cake with veggies. All of it was excellent, fresh, and delicious. The only thing that could have been better was that the soy milk could have been served hotter. It was lukewarm. The price was great, the wait was about 10 minutes on a Sunday around noon. The decor was meh, but does anyone go to this type of place expecting ambiance? I embrace the lack of decor as indicative of good, authentic Chinese food.
Love this place. This is the first place I ever had soup dumplings. About 5 years ago. After hearing about them, I decided to check yelp and find the best ones in the area. These pork soup dumplings are so flavorful and juicy. The best! I've tried them from other places, but these are better. The skin is nice and thin, has the perfect texture. Every time I go back I decide to try something new as well. Among my favorites are the scallion pancake with beef, the cold edamame salad with some tofu looking stuff, crispy fried noodles, vegetable dumplings, cucumbers. I don't speak Chinese so I can't say what the real names are but, Everything I've tried is good and tastes fresh. There are closer dumpling places where I live, but this place is worth the drive. Compared to other places in the area, the service is good regardless of the language barrier. It also looks and smells cleaner than one of the other popular soup dumplings spots close by.
Been to this place a couple of times already and won't stop coming. There is a reason why there's usually a (rather quick moving) line out the door on a typical weekend morning- the Shanghai dumplings are delicate, hot soupy explosions in your mouth! Our now usual order includes the steamed pork-crab dumplings and scallion beef pancakes. Tea is poured the minute you sit down with no water in sight, it's a lot of hotness going on and thank goodness they have air conditioning during these summer days or I would melt altogether. 4 stars only is for the service which isn't the greatest - in fact actually a bit rude (a server quickly reached over another table to get our check/payment). The tables are very close together and servers are running around and look verrrry busy so it may seem a little overwhelming at first, but the restaurant is popular and man those soup dumplings.. are too darn good to miss.
It's a good place to eat and the price has always been good.  I discovered this place years before it became popular with other borough people and suburbanites.  I sort of wish it was 15 years ago when I didn't have to wait 30 minutes for a seat on Saturdays.  The dumplings are excellent and I love the scallion pancakes.  The service, on the other hand, is not so good.  The waitstaff pretty much just hands you the menu, takes your order, then gives you the check.  They never check up on you to how you're doing.  I have never had one come over to my table and fill my cup with water/tea unless I waved at him/her.  BTW they don't speak English.  There is one table where they should not seat patrons.  It is the table that faces the front door.  During the winter cold air constantly hits the patrons at that table as the door is opened and closed by customers.
Great food, waiters are friendly, good come out fast. I love the Bao here more than another one in flushing. I come here whenever I crave for soy milk and delicious cold appetizer dishes!
OMFG. This place is the real deal. I have been to Nanxiang Long Xiao Bao twice now and each time did not disappoint. I left feeling full, with delicious authentic Chinese food in my belly, and the price simply cannot be beat in New York.The first time I went, we ordered pork juice bun, vegetable dumplings, and crispy noodles. All of the dumplings were superb and succulent, but the noodles were not so great. That's when we noticed no one around us had ordered the crispy noodles, and everyone had these thick udon-like noodles. We asked the waiter what those were and ordered those instead, and it was DIVINE! Even with the added entree, the cost came out to only about $9 a person!The second time we went, we knew not to get the crispy noodles. We of course went for those udon noodles, and also got an appetizer of scallion pancake. The scallion pancake was superb! Not too oily and greasy, as I've had it elsewhere, but very delicious. I highly recommend it, and Nan Xiang!
We were here for lunch around 2 in the afternoon & the place was pretty packed! We had to wait for about 10 minutes to be seated. We ordered the xiao long bao, pan fried dumplings, crispy noodles with chicken, & the beef noodle soup. The beef noodle soup were really good but everything else were just alright. The service were just alright. It was quite annoying when the staff kept on taking our hot sauce away.
4 stars for the food-I don't usually eat more than one soup dumpling, but the dumplings here are so tasty. I devour all of them. - the beef pancake(not sure if it's how they translate it) is fantastic. It's got a big portion of beef strips with a sweet sauce. - the turnip cake is also very tasty when fresh. The turnip strips are in the center of a deep fried outer-crust. It's fantastic. I highly recommend it. 3 stars for the service- water/tea has never been refilled by the waitresses, but the one waiter is highly attentive- no one is particularly friendly, but neither is anyone rudeThe location is extremely inconveniencing. It's quite a walk away from main st in flushing, which requires an annoying commute. The few times that I have eaten here were before 10 am on a Sunday, thus I didn't have to wait... Without being driven here and without having to wait, I would not bother coming here. Food isn't gonna make my migraine from the commute and the wait go away.
Cheap and absolutely delicious. Ordered the Oan fried Udon, Pork and Crab steamed dumplings and scallion pancakes with sliced beef. Everything was delicious, the dumplings spewed yummy soup, the scallion pancake is porbably the best I have really had so far and the Udon was tender and tasty with the right amount of flavor. My meal included 2 Ting Tsao's and the bill was $25- for 2 peoplr with A grade in Flushing. I WILL BE BACK.
If you know Joe's Shanghai, then you know there is always a huge line and you'll always feels rushed when you actually are seated.  This is by far the best alternative to Joe's.  The menu is a little more limited than Joe's, but really you are going for the xiao long baos (soup dumplings). For starters, this place has a much friendlier atmosphere the Joe's I have been too.  Oftern times there is a wait, but no longer than 30 mins.  Tables are also pretty accommodating for groups up to ~8 people.  There are all different varieties of people, varying in race and age.  To me, that's a sign of a place with a reputation for good food. Staff is very helpful and nice.  There English is up to par so there is never really any confusion.  Choices for soup dumpings are pork or crab/pork.  They come in sets of 6,  while Joe's come in sets of 8.  If you are new to eating XLB's, make sure you ask someone nearby how it's done or you won't get the full effect of the deliciousness that is the xiao long bao. What I find to be the best about these dumplings is that the skin is thinner than Joe's which allows you to eat more or feel less full. There are other delicious foods as well. I recommend the Scallion and beef pancake.  Very tasty.  My personal favorite and the reason for me going is their Spicy tripe and beef.  If you like tripe and spicy, this is a flavor orgasm.  It is the perfect amount of spicy,  which is the reason for the soy bean drink. It helps kill the spice on your tongue.
I admit, the concept of soup and dumplings was tantalizing.so I made the trek to Flushing and was a bit disappointed. Overall, I understand the hype but I just felt everything was a too oily/greasy for my liking. I wasn't able to fully enjoy the scallion pancakes or the pan fried noodles or the Xiaolongbao without it leaving the taste of oil towards the end of every bite.
Awesome soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, soup dishes.(Had Vegitarian Noodle and Pork and Bok Choy Soups), Shanghai Udon Noodles, and Rice Cake with Chicken, Bean Curd and Soy Bean Salad.
It was Legend.....(wait for it).......DARY!!! The train that thought he could, COULD! Great Chinese Breakfast place in Flushing. It has both great soup dumplings that rivals and in my book is better than Joe's Shanghai without all the touristy junk that you want to avoid.  But my favorite thing to get here is the Taiwanese style Breakfast. Oh so Good! *Drools* FOOD:SO delish. You can't get better than this at least from what I've had and seen in my life in the states.  It is so good and worth the wait.  I've had everything on the breakfast menu almost but my favorite thing to get is the Chinese style Scallion Pancakes with Beef, some hot Soybean Milk Soup and either some Chinese Fried Donuts or the Rice Roll. Anything will be good. I have yet to try their lunch and dinner items to the fullest but I've seen orders an they look as authentic as can be and smells great! We have ordered a dish of clams one time and it was full marks on taste.  I can not get passed the breakfast items because they are just that good. You can see the cooks making the soup dumplings from scratch and if you get a peek inside the doors of the kitchen they are making many things from scratch adding more to the freshness and Oh so Goodness of this location.SERVICE:Typical Asian Service. Nothing great with a mix of attitude and wanting to rush you out the door for other customers.  It's to be expected.ATMOSPHERE: They actually have quite a bit of seating. They must have expanded as there is a partition wall dividing two spaces and its not as tight as other places. There is a comfortable divide between customers for the most part.  It's clean and has a casual vibe to the restaurant.  SUMMARY:In my book, I will come here every time i can get the chance! The Chinese Breakfast is to die for and if you want to try something, go for the Scallion Pancake with Beef. It will melt in your mouth with flavor and deliciousness.
Always a must-go when I'm anywhere near Flushing. It's always easy to get a table and the service is quick and efficient. Food-wise, you can order just about anything here and be satisfied. The Spicy Beef and Tripe is a great cold dish to start with (don't be scared). As far as hot dishes, the crispy noodles, rice cakes, and U-Don noodles are all superb, and the scallion pancake with sliced beef might be my favorite thing on the menu. I'm not a huge fan of their shao mai, but the pork buns and fried dumplings are both fantastic. Of course, we all know the real reason you're here: the soup dumps. Make sure you get the crab and meat. They are among the best in the city. Make sure to wash it all down with a Tsingtao! The bill always ends up being less than you expect, which is never a bad thing.
Very good soup dumplings--relatively large in size and filled with delicious soup.  Unfortunately, some of them might have been overfilled (or either too thinly constructed) as a couple of our dumplings stuck to the lettuce at the bottom of the basket and eventually fell apart.  Service is erratic at best and non-existent at worst.  We were quoted a 20 minute wait for a table for two, but it seemed to go well beyond that estimate.  On the flip side, we were quoted a 40 minute wait for the aforementioned dumplings, but they arrived in no more than 15 minutes.  I figure we either got someone else's order or they misquoted the time to discourage folks from ordering them.  All in all, I can't complain too much when the final bill is $16.50 before tip for 12 very good soup dumplings and 2 bowls of soy bean milk soup (which were decent).
Over rated...nasty attitude like they dont need your business. Over 30mins for a simple takeout.  Never coming back.
The dumplings were great! Similar to Shanghai Joe's. I also enjoyed the side dishes of Tofu. I would swear that one of them was Chicken but it wasn't. I would  definitely go back.
Was expecting much much more based on the raving reviews on yelp.  Trekked an hour into Flushing with four other friends, and left feeling grossly full on grease.1. Food: meat soup dumplings, scallion + beef pancakes, scallion pancakes, spicy wontons, taro puffs, red bean puffs, sweet soy, and one nod to healthy veggies: braised tofu + soy beans.  Definitely better dumplings at Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan.  The ones here were unexpectedly dryer and bland.  The rest of the food was just greasy.  No more cheating on Shanghai Cafe!2. Service: we were seated without the entire party being present, which was cool.  Waitresses dropped menus, and scowled when we ordered or asked for drinks.3. Atmosphere: like a factory.  In, eat, out.
Good dumping here! Came here with my family on saturday. It was packed and people are eating the soup dumping. This place reminds of eating in street of China. Remeber eat slowwwwwwly don't burn your upper month.
Rude waitress to start with. I don't go to a restaurant to be treated like this. "Go outside to wait. Go out." When I ordered dumplings, I was told to wait for half an hour. After the wait, the dumplings were too sour and salty. Totally not worth the waiting. I will never come back! NEVER!
I went here because it was recommended by a doctor of mine and wow, what a treat. I got the pork dumplings to start , which after having these I fear all over dumplings may fall short. Then I tried the beef with crunchy noodles as a main dish. I have never had anything from a Chinese restaurant that tasted like this. I generally don't head out to Flushing but may have to go back if all the food tastes as good as this!  They do not take credit cards! Just a friendly tip.  Thanks for reading an enjoy.
The scallion noodles are full of greasy, flavorful, pan-fried goodness and the pork/crab xiao long bao here are good, although I personally prefer Joe's more.  The soup isn't as flavorful here but the skin is thinner and they are served steaming fresh and hot.  Get a quart of the fresh soymilk and you have yourself an authentic Shanghainese brunchl. The wait can be pretty long on weekends but that's part of the charm of Flushing.  Definitely worth a visit.
I go through periods of different food obsessions. Right now, it's French macarons, pimientos de padron, and soup dumplings. I love soup dumplings because they're like presents waiting to be opened on my birthday. I see their beautiful wrappings and I try to gingerly open them with my teeth, but when I get a taste of what's waiting inside, I rip them apart to finally get to the soup and crab and pork treasure.Nan Shain's soup dumplings are delicious, the creme of the crop. I crave them every night and I'm so disappointed they don't deliver to Hell's Kitchen! I love everything I've tried here - the scallion pancake, the noodles, the soups. It's my favorite Chinese spot in Flushing for those amazing soup dumplings, and it's totally worth the wait.
Expected good crab flavor from the crab dumplings based on other yelp reviews - however, there was little to none. Chicken pan fried noodles were tasty, not too oily. The scallion pancake with beef was somewhat thick - would prefer more crunch. Overall, however, everything was tasty, so i can't complain (any more than i already have).
food was amazing, everything as advertised in previous reviews
Food is good. Service is rude...typical.I walked in the door Wednesday before Thanksgiving for lunch and was immediately yelled at to get out of the way. As I'm moving aside, the hostess raises her voice at me because I didn't immediately respond to her question about how many were in my party. I step closer to respond and I'm again yelled at to get out of the way by another server. They really like to yell here to make you feel welcome.Our actual waitress was sweet though and didn't rush us when ordering which was a refreshing change (it irks me that ordinary service standards become exceptional in Chinese restaurants).We ordered some cold appetizers when we sat down, but the server who we ordered from forgot until halfway through the meal. When we said we still wanted it, she goes, "Really?!" Uh, right back atcha Bonquiqui. Rude.Food recs:- sweet soy milk (or savory if you like accessories in your drinks)- scallion pancake with beef and bean paste sauussss- fried rice cakes - any of these are stellar but I especially like the one with winter cabbage and pork- pork xiao long bao, duh (I'm not as much a fan of the crab mix one) - skin is super thin and prone to breakage, so handle with care. Finesse is the name of the game.The chive flat buns (what are these called??) were deep fried instead of pan-fried, so I'd skip these if you're about authenticity.Overall, would go back for the food as long as I keep out of people's way and immediately yell out my party number. Two can play this yelling game.** Bring cash 'cause cards aren't accepted.** May have to share tables with strangers. Get friendly.
Often times, Chinese restaurants (the authentic ones) can be a cacophony of chaos, noise, grease and starch.  Even some of my favorite places in Chinatown, such as Big Wongs or Shanghai Cafe will sacrifice customer service and quality for speed.  Profit = turning tables as soon as possible.Nan shian is relatively zen to its more expeditious brethren.  The food comes slowly; really slowly, but the quality is remarkable.Case in point:  the glorious xiao long bao or soup dumplings.  Nan Shian takes these beautiful little dumplings seriously, almost to the point of religious reverence.  They are hand made and steamed to order, ensuring a good 15-20 minute wait for your food.  Add this wait to the inevitable wait at the door, and you're committing yourself to a solid 1 hour+ for your dining experience.Is an hour wait worth it?  Let's just say that I would burn cities to the ground for a half dozen basket of the juicy morsels.  I would move mountains and conquer empires for just a taste of hot pork broth, wrapped in delicate dumpling dough.  An hour's wait seems like a fair trade-off to the alternative.
Tried their pork XLB and honestly I didn't think that it was that much more exceptional then many other good places in flushing.  The only possible difference is that this place might be a slight less oily. The savory soy bean milk was good but the scallion noodle was bland and unflavorful.
This is my favorite XLB place. I've been eating here for a few years and the xiao long baos never disappoint me. This place is way better than Joe's Shanghai for those who are deciding where to go for xiao long baos. This place serves other excellent dishes. I really like the rice cakes and and scallion pancakes. My favorite drink is the hot soy bean drink. It is a comfort drink :)The only slight problem with this place is the waiting. It really depends on the time and day of when you go. It is always pack at night which is pretty obvious. If you do not mind the waiting for good soup dumplings, I suggest going to Nan Xiang Dumpling House.
The food is pretty good and pretty decent and it is open late! How can I complain. Their soupy dumplings need a little more MSG and a little more Cocaine, but all in all, pretty good. Just kidding about the MSG and Cocaine....I'm sure their food doesn't need any of that. I have never been disappointed by their food! It is also a really big place, so I never have to wait for seating. The prices are also very reasonable. I love this place!
Worth driving out from Manhattan for. We come out here about once every six weeks.In my opinion much much better xiao long bao than Joe's Shanghai, and they haven't declined in quality since expanding.Cucumbers with garlic are refreshing, and the beef and tendon is delicious as well.The scallion pancake is not my favorite however, chewy rather than flaky.Come here later (after 830) if you don't like waiting, and there's a conveniently located, but sometimes annoying public parking lot right across the street.
This is the best place the city has to offer for soup dumpling! (at least right now). Joe's Shanghai can not compare. A close second would be Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. The pork buns are good, but the crab meat buns are the highlight. The other items on the menu are decent - they make good cold starters and a yummy chive box.
I've been to this place many times. Sometimes it can get very busy so there may be a wait but most of those times its worth it. The soup dumplings arent the only thing thats good here. I also like the sliced been scallion pancake and the spicy pig ears. So good!
Definitely my go to place for my crab meat dumplings with the bf! We always go to the chinatown ones in manhattan before we had a car and back then, those tasted really good. Until my mom took me here a few years back and i fell in loooove LOL. Then i took him here and its always our go to place if we ever needed a soup dumpling fix.Things we usually order:usually 2 -3 orders of the crabmeat dumplings ( the waitress there was surpised that we finished it + other orders...the dumplings are like crack...we can never get enough =]  the soup lately has been super flavorful and more delicious than before for some reason. also the soup is very clear and not the fatty looking ones from other restaurants.cold appetizer of the gluten and the vegetable mix - you can actually mix 2 of the apps in the plate and they only charge you for the price of one plate! which is good if you just want a smaller portion for yourself. You just need to tell them and they'll do itcabbage and pork noodle soup - i dont like cabbage but with the noodiles and the soup....i could eat it all dayThe service is actually getting better ( maybe because we always know what we want to order before we even sit down). And the wait isn't that bad when i was here twice this month. Actually had seats once we came in.
Overall the food was pretty good, I would recommend the crunchy noodles with chicken and scallion pancakes. Very tasty!
Soup dumpling place that is pretty good! Comparable to joe's shanghai. Some of my friends actually like it more than Joe's shanghai. I feel like it's up to par, the broth is flavorsome, the pork and outer wrap is of quality. The soup dumplings are good. Their other dishes, such as pancakes, and fried noodles aren't too bad either. It's your standard soup dumpling place. If you're craving it, and you're in the area, give it a try.
The food is amazing here! They have the best soup dumplings in all of Flushing. I've been here twice and have tried their pork and pork & crab soup dumplings. Both will hit the spot. I've also had their noodles in a black bean sauce with beef which is also really good. An order of soup dumplings and noodles is enough for two to share. Also, there can be a line for this place majority of the time but it's so worth the wait.
Great food at an excellent price. Ordered the steamed pork dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, beef and tripe, shanghai noodles, and seafood noodle soup. The dumplings, pancakes and shanghai noodles were fantastic. The seafood noodle soup came out dry with crispy noodles - something might have gotten mixed up in the kitchen - but I would not recommend this dish whatever it was. Service was great. You won't find any Americanized Chinese food at this restaurant so almost all your choices will be delicious.
I discovered this place and have never returned to Joe's Shanghai since!Best soup dumplings EVER!  The bowls of fresh noodle soup are very good too, huge portion for a cheap price.  Soups and noodles are freshly made.  I recommend the Crab & Pork soup dumplings, the fried chive & egg dumpling, and pork & fresh cabbage noodle soups.  The cucumber & garlic appetizer is simple but refreshing as well.  You can see the ladies working hard to make the fresh soup dumplings, they even have timers that continually go off (a little annoying).  This place is small and they take their time making the soup dumplings, they typically come out as the last dish of your meal.  But well worth the wait!  What I really enjoy about it is that they don't make you dehydrated and  lips sticky because they don't use as much MSG as Joe's.  They do use MSG, just not as much.  How do I know this?  I just know, Chinese people can't not use MSG.  My stomach could do without it though.
their Xiao Long Baos are good, and thats it
Yes their soup dumpling is delicious but compared to Joes shanghai it isn't the BEST IN NYC in my opinion. For me it would have to be the one in Chinatown Green Bo. However, i don't go to Chinatown ever so often so this place is a great alternative. Besides the soup dumpling they have mainly "appetizers", small dishes for you to pick on. They also have soups and noodles. My boyfriend and I are into trying new stuff, well he is. Whatever he orders i pick on it. He ordered JELLYFISH. Yes sounds nasty but its delicious when cold. Great place for lunch but not for dinner as I like my rice This is a great place to take close friends not dates in here because there is a certain way to eat these little bad boys without burning your tongue or getting it on your clothes. When entering this restaurant there is a display of cold foods and the hostess will seat u in another room. The decor and space is nice compare to Joe shanghai which is located next to the garage and is a bit cramped. This place might be small but it is delicious and cheap!
So my Elite friend turned me on to this place - yummy yummy yummy!! This place is very authentic. I never ordered,my friend usually does, but the staff seems nice and will help you. If you are in a rush order the soup dumplings as soon as you sit. Soup dumplings take a long time to come out but they are well worth the wait. You can actually watch the women making them in the front of the resturant. I like the turnip puffs, they are a simple little dessert or snack. The cucumber salad is a nice start, you can pig out and get the fried pork buns, which are one of my favs. I also get the crispy noodles with chicken, which I like because it a nice change from regular noodles.
Ordered dumplings & was told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  That seemed a little excessive, but I agreed and headed outside to wait.  After 15 minutes, I came back inside and the cashier told me my order wasn't ready yet.  I stood around awkwardly waiting, in full view of the cashier.  Some guy who ordered after me got his take-out.  Then a family who had been sitting at a table for all of 10 minutes while I was sitting inside waiting got their dumplings.  I went up to the cashier, who had made eye contact with me a least a half-dozen times since telling me 20 minutes before that my food wasn't ready yet.  She exclaimed, "Maybe this is yours," and went in the back room to get a take-out bag that had been sitting on the shelf.  Gee, thanks.After all that, the vegetable dumplings tasted so overwhelmingly grassy that I only ate half the order.  The other diners' food looked really tasty, but I'm so unhappy with waiting almost 40 minutes for some dumplings that I don't think I'll go back.
Loved the dumplings!! Way better than Joe's. These dumplings actually taste fresh. You cant go wrong with the dumplings and scallion pancakes. During peak hours it does take a little while to be seated, but no longer than 15 to 20 Minutes. You need to get the waiters attention if you want anything. Service isnt very attentive, but in my case I like not being stalked every few minutes.
The most crucial ingredient to any soup dumpling is the skin. It's supposed to be thin but strong, so that you can pick it up easily without losing that precious, boiling-hot juice inside. And when you eat it, it's the skin that provides the chewiness to counter the softness of the moist pork. You can imagine my disappointment when nearly all of the dumplings I ordered broke open, as I tried to move them onto my soup spoon. It was a clear sign that things were not the same anymore. That wonderful, pliable skin that I loved in my past review was gone.As I sat at the table right next to the dumpling station, I watched the toil of the three most important people at Nan Xiang, the three women who make every single dumpling every day. I thought about how I've never seen their faces, only their backs, since they never seem to turn away from their work. And of course, I kept thinking about the dumplings.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is known for their soup dumplings.  The skin of the Nan Xiang dumpling is slightly above-average.  For me, the skin of the soup dumplings is very important.  It must be thin, so that it doesn't make the dumpling too doughy tasting.  But it still must be strong enough to bear the weight of the soup inside and not break.  It also needs to have a slightly elastic texture which does not get soaked and soggy. The skin here isn't super thin, nor does it hold very well.  You'll probably break a few dumplings here, and soup will spill.  If you let them get cold, the break rate will go up to like 50% because they will stick to the trays.  The soup flavor is light, and not as greasy as most other places.  Whether or not this is "better" is subjective.  Some people like saltier and greasier,  some don't.  I like their plain pork dumplings, but their crab meat ones leave something to be desired, as there is barely a hint of any crab flavor.  Other things I like to order here are the red bean cake, spicy beef and tripe, cucumber and garlic as appetizer/dessert.  And usually crispy fried noodles as the main filler.
My friends and I were planning to eat in Flushing before the Mets game, and although we browsed the nearby food court (which had MANY vendors selling amazing food), we ultimately decided to walk a few blocks to Nan Xiang. I wasn't sure what to expect since my experiences with Chinese food on the East Coast so far have been less than stellar...but everything turned out really really good. +` Scallion Pancakes - 4/5 - I typically like the bready-flaky kind of Scallion Pancakes (not the deep fried kind), but this had a very interesting exterior which I haven't tried before... really enjoyed it.+` Shanghai Dumplings - 5/5 - There's a reason we got 2 orders of Shanghai Dumplings... they were BOMB! For once, the dumplings did NOT break apart as you picked them up which means you get to slurp up that soupy interior before devouring the remaining dumpling!+` Vegetarian Dumplings - 5/5 - We also got 2 orders of this, and although I prefer dumplings with meat, these were still delicious and on par with the Shanghai Dumplings.+` Chive and Egg Bun - 4/5 - The exterior of this fried bun was very similar to that of the Scallion Pancakes--different from what I'm used to--but still deliciously crunchy. The interior Chive and Egg mixture was good, but I've had better...+` Spicy Beef Noodle Soup - 3/5 - Noodles tasted really good with the hearty broth, but dood, where's the beef? I think we had a couple strands of beef here and there... you serious? Why you holdin' back?Overall, great food and price... I think we spent around 35 bucks (w/o tip) for 3 people? Now that is a freakin' deal.
If you a big fan of soup dumpling, I would highly recommend Nan Xiang. Their dumplings are made fresh to order, usually the wait is about 15 minutes for it. The dumpling is tasteful and very soupy; so you'll need to be careful eating it since the soup might just get everywhere. Everything else there are pretty good also. I love their cold appetizers like Spicy Beef and Tripe and Cold Cucumber. Also love stir fried noodles and rice cakes. Delicious!However, don't have high expectations of the service. The waitress are rude, if you don't speak up they'll yell at you.
The flavor of the  is so good! You have to be really careful because the skin is so thin.  Don't waste the flavorful soup!  From what I hear, its virtual suicide to try to go on weekend cause lines will be ridiculously long.
4.5 Stars!Came here on a Thursday for a late lunch and ordered their Pork and Cabbage noodle soup. I really wanted to order their "xiao long baos" too, but I would not have been able to finish all that food. Therefore, I opted not to. Next time for sure!Long awaited, my lunch finally arrives. My first thought as I bite into the noodles was...soft, tender, smooth and quite..."perfect"! My experience so far has been a positive one so I will definitely come back when i'm in the area.
Question of the week: Is it better than Joe's? Answer: IMO, it's close. But no.Why?I've heard many many reviews of this place boasting its superiority against Joe's. Friends, family, coworkers. Finally I decided, why the heck not. The dumpling itself was smaller, and took longer to be served. The meaty portion inside was less, and can I just mention they break apart so insanely easily when you are trying to pick them up and onto your soup spoon. We ruined about four alltogether, and no, we are not soup dumplings noobs! The TASTE itself was great, very similar to Joe's and had this delicious sweet zing to it. If I had never tasted Joe's, I would say these are the best. But I will never betray Joe's ever again! Maybe one day I want to try Shanghai Cafe though...Overall, Joe's is bigger, meatier, and tastier.Also we ordered the Seafood Crispy Noodles. It was okay, wish it came with brown sauce instead of this lobster sauce type of gravy. Needed a generous dose of hot chili paste to keep it down.
Good call on a rainy Sunday evening. My friend and I ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, pork soup dumplings, and the beef with rice cakes, and seriously, everything was delicious. Flavors were spot on, no blandness, no lack of anything. Portions were good size. Savory, tasty, I could go on. And it's cheap too. I would definitely go more often if I lived closer.
Greatest soup dumplings in NYC! However, they lack in other food kinds. Their regular dumplings are just mediocre, and if you have a peanut allergy -- you may die.
This is one of the better places for soup dumplings in Flushing.  Worth the wait.  There's a line every night.
Found it on the yelp app before a mets game trying to find a quick and good bite. So glad we did. Had shanghai noodles with steamed pork buns and veggie dumplings. More than enough for two people, and with bottomless pots of tea too! It all came to less than $20. The noodles were out of this world awesome, I naively thought the pork buns would be like the doughy/bbq-esque filling i've had for dim sum brunches, but they were still good albeit a bit flimsy and most of the filling fell out if you tried to pick it up. But all in all, ill be going there again before a mets game when i'm in the area.
Very good. I don't eat pork so the selection was a little slim. The veggie dumplings were amazing. I'm so full but I want more of the dumplings.
while not the best xiao long bao in ny - certainly one of the top. the skin was thin and insides flowing with soup...delicious food + good sized portions. the scallion pancakes were actually fluffy and not squished flat and full of grease. also i really enjoyed the cold cucumber dish with garlic, sesame oil and parsley. will have to make that at home...service is what you expect from a local asian restaurant but clean, casual and stuff your face for $12pp. what more can you ask?
Definitely one of the better establishments in Flushing's food scene. Simple menu, clean, and good customer service.
With a breezy Saturday afternoon (thank goodness the heat wave is gone) and a strong craving for warm soup dumplings, the Devour NY team headed to Flushing to try the famous soup dumplings from Nan Xiang Dumpling House.Given its location in Flushing, we were expecting a small, quaint dumpling shop, but instead we found a large eatery -- they are definitely occupying at least three storefronts, and boy was business strong at twelve o'clock noon. People were waiting inside; people were waiting outside, but luckily with all the tables, turnover was quick, and we ended up waiting only ten minutes.Starving by the time we sat down and enchanted by the smell of all the food around us, we quickly ordered what we came here for: the soup dumplings. However, with such an extensive menu, we could not just stop there. We proceeded to order the rice cake with pork, wonton dumplings, and vegetable dumplings as well.The soup dumplings were absolutely decadent. Juicy, plump, and with a thin skin and proportionate meat, it was absolutely perfect, exactly what we hoped for. Stick with the traditional kind -- the variations are still good (i.e. crab), but nothing beats the original recipe of tastiness.The rice cake with pork was fairly good as well, though I have probably had better elsewhere. While the rice cakes were cooked to tender chewiness, the sauce was a little too heavy, and too salty after a while.Normally vegetable dumplings are one of my favorite Chinese dishes -- however the ones at Nan Xiang Dumpling House simply could not compete. The skin's texture was too thick and too rough, and the vegetable insides was dry and lacked overall flavor.Our final dish, the homemade wonton dumplings, faced similar disappointments as our vegetable dumplings. Fortunately the hot soup helped to soften the skin, and the seaweed added some additional flavor. We did wish the meat inside was a little more tender -- it was a bit too chewy.
The scallion beef pancakes, mwah, delicious. They have just the right amount of hoisin sauce inside the pancakes. Haven't had anything like this anywhere else in nyc. The soup dumplings were pretty tasty as well. Soup base is fresh tasting and light. Staff was also friendly. Oh, the soy bean milk was also really good. Tastes of sweet childhood soy bean milk--homemade and loaded with deliciousness.  Definitely worth checking out!
The soup dumplings here beat Joe Shanghai's hands down! The crab ones actually taste like crab and are so good! While a little more pricey than Joe (6 vs 8 pcs and a dollar-ish more), it's so much more worth it.The pan fried dumplings here are really good too, fried perfectly golden brown unlike other places that sometimes serve them near burnt. Although lines can go out the door during peak hours, the wait is usually not too terrible unless you have a big group with you. I appreciate how you're not rushed even when it's busy, allowing you to further enjoy your meal.
Every time we come to flushing, this is the one of places we eat. Soup dumpling, hands down, best I ever have in my life. I grow up in Shanghai, I can not even find better soup dumpling in Shanghai for every year I visit there.
I really only come here for the soup dumplings bc Joe Shanghai is always too pack. They always mess up our order - always. The dumplings tho are pretty good. If your super hungry and want hella carbs.. This is the place for you!
Overall their food is good. But prepare to wait for a long line when you visit for breakfast or dinner. It might tasted better for tourist, however i live around flushing so there are other alternatives for me when they are busy.
Nice and clean, food is really close to original Chinese style, 5 stars!
Great Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes! The pricing is great. Becareful when you bite into the buns because the soup can burn. Sometimes when I pick up the buns the skin breaks and the soup is lost. The pancake is flakey and crispy and very yummy. It is cook just right and not too oily. There is a long wait time for dinner but it is worth it. I don't like how when you are seated they ask already what you want to order. The waiter was explaining how the buns are so popular that you have to order it the sec you get seated or else you will have to wait long. Seating is very tight and I hate it when the tables are so close together. Not recommended for a hangout place with friends while trying to catch up. It is good for a quick sit in for dinner or lunch then go.
Dumpling mania. Oh the warm delicious soup inside those thin skinned pork dumplings - so good.There is so much soup in each dumpling that the spoon is not big enough which resulted in a rather tragic soup flood. The loss of the succulent broth really is unfortunate.  I need to experiment with the menu, limited as it may be - who needs variety when you do what you do so well. Loved the Shanghai noodles, fried noodles and the scallion pancake with beef(slathered with hoisin). I need to try the rice cake and some of the soups. There was a line the first time I went but it went really quickly.
Great experience here, I wish there were more vegetarian/fish options! Highly recommend the fried bun with chives and egg. The vegetable dumplings were pretty much all scallion. I ordered the shao mai and it had ground meat (I was expecting the usual shrimp shumai, oops). All dishes were good and I'd order them again! I loved that there was no rush to turn over the table, low prices and big tea cup.
Best xiao long bao outside of Shanghai.Best spicy beef tendon in NY (so far)Noodles in scallion oil is mouthgasmic.If you live with in a 1 hour trip of flushing, you have to go here.
YUM!  I might be slightly biased since this restaurant serves some of my favorite foods EVER and I can't get any of this in Michigan, but this place made some really good renditions of these dishes.  We had:- xiao long bao (pork soup dumplings) with crab on top - so good.  Perfect amount of soup, and of course there was ginger and black vinegar on the side.  For newbies: Pour some black vinegar over the ginger slivers.  Carefully pick up a dumpling from the top with your chopsticks or the tongs, taking care not to break the dumpling skin, and put the dumpling inside your soup spoon.  Bring the soup spoon up to your mouth, break open the skin, and drink the soup.  Then put some vinegar-soaked ginger on top of the dumpling and eat it. :)- beef and scallion pancake - hell yes!  This is one of the most awesome sandwiches ever.  The scallion pancake was pan-fried perfectly, and the beef inside was tender.  They added sauce as well.- you tiao - I made the mistake of not eating this right when it arrived at the table, so it was cold, heavy, and greasy by the time I got to it.- sweet soy milk (hot) - the best way to drink soy milk is a big bowl of this stuff.  So comforting and warm with just a little bit of sweetness.I wanted to order a lot of other things, but this was the first stop on my inaugural Flushing food crawl, so we kept it pretty light.  I want to go back!Note: cash only.
The food is pretty good and the service is pretty quick as well.  I recommend the soup dumplings (all of them are good) and the beef scallion pancake and some hot sweetened soy milk.  My family is Chinese and we've had a lot of Chinese food, and this is definitely a good place to go to, the food is authentic and delicious.This place is always busy, there is always a full house in here.  Sometimes you can just walk in and get a table, other times you might have to wait a little while.The crowd also varies from your typical Chinese restaurant, there are families, older folks, teenagers, college students - good mix.The prices are very good as well, you really get your money's worth!
I think this may be the only  place in Flushing (not including dim sum halls) that we have needed to wait for a table. I always have to order turnip cake if I see it on the menu; their turnip puffs were small, flavorful, and with much less grease than others I have eaten, really really great little bites. My family and I were nervous about trying the xiao long bao... Joe's Shanghai has been our soup dumpling stomping ground for over 10 years, we felt like we were having an affair. We came to the consensus that the crab version here is better than Joe's but Joe's pork dumpling is superior.
THE BEST soup dumplings (xiao long baos) you can get in New York City! currently, at least. seriously though, I've been around the block and have seen places with good soup dumplings come and go (including J. Shanghai). This place is the best place to get them in NYC right now and it's been the best spot for several years now. Aside from soup dumplings, they're other foods are all very well made and tasty. Rice cakes, noodle soup, pancakes, etc are all good picks. You can't lose when you come here!
I stopped by Nan Shian with my parents and wanted to compare their xiao long bao with Joe Shanghai's.  Behind the register, along the side of the dining room, you can see two women toiling away wrapping xiao long bao.  When we first arrived there was only 1 woman wrapping xiao long bao and I'm guessing that is why it took a long time for our orders to come out.  I'm not sure how they keep up with the orders when the restaurant is hopping.So how do the xiao long bao compare?  Unfortunately, not well.  Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the taste was off - maybe too sweet.  I couldn't really put my finger on what was wrong with it, but Joe Shanghai's is still the champion.I do recommend getting the turnip cake.  They are small, like a bite worth, but they are really good - much better than Joe Shanghai's.  They should be a bit bigger, but I'll look past it since the shredded turnip inside was still moist and had a good strong flavor.The scallion pancakes were not very good.  There was no scallion flavor at all.
After I found out about this place, I told M and K we must come here to eat their soup dumplings.K got the cold bean curd tofu dish - K thought this was really good, but M and I both thought it was to damn salty. OD on the salt here!M and I got the crab and pork soup dumplings - the wrapping is super thin, which I love and appreciate, but the filling is not as good as Joe's. I actually prefer Joe's better than Nan Xiang. I didn't get to try the pork version, but so far the Crab & Pork version is better at Joe's.The wait for this place is crazy!
I so wish i could give Nan Xiang another star.  I just loved the soup dumplings.  But it took so long for them to arrive, the staff is a bit disorganized.  They gave away my dumplings to the next table and several others were served before us as well. I understand there is a language barrier- but nothing arrived quite the way we ordered it, much to the disappointmnent of my vegetarian non-shelfish eating friend who missed out on fried rice cakes (i ate plenty). Sweet soy milk I didnt really understand, and I regret not ordering the scallion pancakes. Next time. i still LOVED IT. The dumplings are as fun to eat as they are delicious, and I must say they held up as leftovers.
I've been to this place a few times. Although I loved Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings growing up, I feel like it fell off since it got overhyped. So now, I definitely think this place rivals Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings.This is a typical chinese restaurant: small, loud, and fast service. During busy hours, you might have to wait a bit depending on the size of your group, but wasn't that big of a deal.Of course the obvious thing to get is the soup dumplings (pork obviously), and you order a noodle dish as an entree. I usually just order an entire order of soup dumplings for myself and a salted soy bean milk soup. The soup dumplings is definitely meets expectations. Served hot and steaming, so heed caution when initially eating it. It was really juicy and the broth inside was orgasmic with fatty goodness. The usual vinegar w/ ginger condiment compliments it well. There is so much I can say about how good the soup dumplings are, so go out there and order some now!
I ate here last week with my bf and his friends. The food was pretty mediocre and wasn't as flavorful as the last time I ate here. Worst part was when my bf took a bite out of the fried gluten and spit out a hard object leaving a clanking sound on his plate. I asked him what that was and he said it looked like A SCREW. Seriously a screw?! He could have cut his mouth or chipped his tooth if he wasn't too careful. Told the waiter about it and he didn't even apologize for it. I am really disappointed at this place and do not understand why tourists are flocking here or why people claim this is better than Joe's Shanghai.
Cheap, yummy, and filling! Hit this up after Spa Castle.  I loved the veggie dumplings. My fiance devoured the pork dumplings.  We also ordered dumplings with brown rice and mushrooms. This place is all about the dumplings. We ordered the crispy beef noodles and they were huge. It made me scared to order the seafood noodles.  The scallion pancake was good though a bit thicker  and chewier than what I usually get at Grand Sichuan on 7th Avenue in the Village.  The taro buns were not my favorite. Too much dough for me.  The hot soy milk was a nice treat from the cold outside.  It is huge and served in a big bowl. I felt like a cat until they gave us two laden spoons and two smaller bowls.  I ordered the sweet bean curd and then realized that I was on soy overload.All of that food and out for 30 bucks.  Plus some warm tea.
After watching Bourdain's Shanghai episode I got a re-awakened hankering for some soup dumplings and found the motivation to travel all the way out to Flushing from the LES. I wouldn't do so again. The service was mediocre at best, which I guess is to be expected. It's tough to get the wait staff's attention. I'm not sure if they didn't see me or were just willfully ignoring me. The scallion pancake was cooked nice, as it was crispy, but it was thicker than I like. I also noticed that it didn't contain very many scallions. The Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings were ok, but in my view these are not any better than those at Joe's Shanghai. I wanted half pork and half crab but they couldn't do that, so I got a full order of the crab ones. I had to pick quite a few bits of crab shell or cartilage out, which was not cool. I don't remember having that experience at Joe's. Yes, they were tasty, but they don't live up to the hype IMO.
Don't get too excited. Better than a sharp stick in the eye, but pretty average by Chinatown standards. Soup dumplings are good, scallion pancake is delicious, avoid the seaweed salad.
I HATE THIS PLACE. On two different occasions, i have gone there and it has sucked. The customer service was TERRIBLE, after 50 mins of waiting, my friend and i were still didnt get out plate of steam buns. Other tables that were there after us had finished eating already, we consistently asked them what was going on with all the waiting and the waiter didnt even bother to look our way. When one waiter finally came over, he kept telling us RUDELY "in one moment'. Well i guess "one moment" turned into an hr before we had to rush back to work. I would rather go to Joe's Shanghai where the service is fast and efficient and the waiters actually listen to you. Will never go back.
As good as Din Tai Fung without the rush. Great food, excellent prices, be ready to wait on line.
First time I've had soup dumplings outside of Asia and it was pretty good, but they still can't beat Din Tai Fung! My eating companion said Joe's Shanghai had better crab and pork dumplings because they include more crab meat though. I'll have to try and compare next time!We also got sweet soybean milk, dou hua (sweet tofu), and beef wrapped in onion pancake with sweet hoisin sauce. All pretty standard fare, quite delicious. The beef in onion pancake seemed like a beef version of a peking duck wrap. :9
Such a limited menu but so delish. My favorite obviously is the steamed pork bun, though with its richness I usually can eat a max of 4. The other must get is the beef with chili soup noodle. The rich beefy brothy with a hit of kick from the green chili is a must get on a cold wintery night. Other must is 'nian gao' with pork, not sure how they do it but has such a fragrant fried flavor that one can not replicate at home. Such a simple dish but oh can be so fulfilling. Their other little appetizer dishes are really quite flavorful and great complement to the meal - there are too many to list but i would try them all.
I LOVE the soup dumplings!!  I used to go to Joe's for soup dumplings a lot, but after I tried them at Nan Xiang, I stopped going to Joe's.  The soup dumplings here are better.  In my opinion, it's a bit less salty, which is a plus for me.  I've tried both the pork and crab/pork, and the crab/pork is my fave.  The scallion pancakes with beef, pan-fried beef & rice cake, and spicy wontons are really good here.  I love the bowl of soy milk with fried dough - yum!!The place is small - seating is pretty limited; so, if it's busy, there can be a wait.  And it can feel a bit cramped inside.  The servers are not exactly friendly or unfriendly, but whenever I needed anything, they would get it for me immediately.  The decor is simple, just like any other restaurant in Flushing.  Because of these reasons, I would actually give this place a 3.5 stars, but since I can't give half stars and since the food is really good here, I couldn't give this place a 3 - so, a 4 it is!! :-)
I think I've found the best soup dumplings in Flushing.  The pork and crab meat is one of the best I've had in a long time.There's also a smattering of other dishes that I'm a fan of: cucumbers in garlic, spicy beef tendon, Shanghai stir-fried U-don.  The fried buns I would not order again.
Nan Xiang is my "go to" place when I stay at the Asiatic Hotel around the corner and go to the U.S. Open. Helen runs the place like a master conductor. She's a dear. Don't miss their awesome crab/pork dumplings. Amazing!
For a dumpling house with Michelin Guide reviews, I expected more. More for my money, more for my tastebuds and just more in general. The scallion pancakes were great, but the soup dumplings at Congee Village in Manhattan far surpass the ones here and I think they are cheaper too. The fact that this place is nestled in between SO many restaurants and yet  it still has survived is perhaps a testament to the power of yelp and food guides to send people "off the beaten path" but to the same sub-par location. That's why I ended up here and I probably won't do it again. This is not to say that this was the worst food ever, because it was totally sufficient, but I did expect more than sufficient.
I'm not used to authentic Chinese but when you have here you're getting an experience. Having never heard of the place but being open-minded, I went to this place and I'm glad I did. The soup dumplings of crab meat and pork are amazing, especially when the liquid bursts creating the flavor and taste of the meat. I also had the tofu appetizer, which was enhanced by the red pepper seasoning. For the main course, I had the beef with crispy noodles and mushrooms I don't remember what it was called.All in all, everything was good and out of the authentic Chinese places I've been to, this was by far the best in terms of quality of food.
I showed up at 3PM for a late lunch/early dinner to beat the weekend crowds, seated in 10 minutes? Not bad... We ordered a ton of stuff, my favorites were - soup dumplings (the original one, not the crab meat), cucumber garlic salad (this was really tasty and probably easy to replicate at home) and the scallion pancake with beef (really good but super fatty/greasy).The crab soup dumplings, vegetarian chicken, fried dumplings, stir fry udon noodles were all just - ok... they weren't particularly good or bad.The bad part of our visit was when the bus boy came over to pour us tea we and noticed one of the cups was dirty... we asked for another one, the bus boy seemed pretty pissed off about it... he brought another cup and then slammed it on the table to show us it was clean... it was much uncalled for... other members of the wait staff were very nice and friendly... just that one guy was a real jerk.I also noticed that on the window of the restaurant there is a B rating and on the menu they show an A. 2 stars because of the jerky bus boy
This is the new spot for XLB's.I've been here a few times now and they aren't playing games at all. Both the pork and the crab/pork combo XLB's are amazing. They are better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan. I love Joe's Shanghai, but I think this place does it better. The menu is much more contained than Joe's so really I'm just coming here for the dumplings. I really like seeing the ladies assembling the dumplings by hand just like in the best places in Shanghai, definitely adds to the experience.They also have XJB's, which are good, but the one time I had them here they had no broth inside and were a bit doughy. The flavor was still good and I would bet that it's hit or miss from visit to visit on the XJB front. I've heard the soups are great and can't imagine that they wouldn't be given the quality of the soup dumplings.Some people are complaining about the wait, but the easy solution is to just go early. Make sure you bring cash- I've had to spot my friends (pay for them) the last few times because they don't take card.
Probably my favorite place to get XLB. The place is pretty big and service is fast. The dumplings IMO are huge and loaded with juice! I hear that this place gets real busy, but everytime I've come, I've come during off peak hours and never had to wait longer than 5 minutes. The other items are the menu were ok, but I just come here and order the dumplings.
Best soup dumplings in town. Their menu in not huge but what they do, they do very well.
All you need to know is get the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes
Sometimes they have the sweet potato fries, sometimes they don't.  Confusing!!!  Great soup dumplings.  Appetizers are good as well.
Good cheap eats.  The two of us ate till we were stuffed for about $28 total.  Scallion pancake stuffed with beef - $2.75Pork soup dumplings - $5.50Pork and crab soup dumplings - $6.50Rice cakes with pork, shrimp and fish - $9.95This was the first time I've been here.  Be prepared to sit super close to others.  They try to maximize the small seating area.  The menu is limited also, but their their thing is the soup dumplings.I love soup dumplings.  They're delicious and so much fun to eat!  I couldn't taste a difference between the crab and pork vs. just the pork dumplings so I don't think it's worth the extra buck for the crab version.I was pleasantly surprised by the scallion pancake with beef in the middle along with hoisen sauce (I think) and it was yummy!The rice cakes were good, a little oily.  I don't think it was worth getting the seafood version (vs. just beef or pork or chicken) for $3 extra.  There wasn't enough fish or shrimp at all!  Again, not the best I ever had, but def good cheap eats!  I'd go back again :)Heads up - it's hard to park in flushing, but there's a municipal parking lot across the street if you're lucky enough to get spot.  10 min for $0.25 is a rip off, but that's NY for ya.
I love this place. So so so much.The soup dumplings are perfect and I could eat them all day. Also excellent are the scallion pancakes with beef. And the shanghai pan fried udon. And the tripe (cold). Pretty much everything here is amazing.Every time I go here I walk out so pleased with my life choices and everyone I take also falls in love. I will be back here as often as possible
You would think that going on a Sunday would be a horrible experience but I was surprised it turned out okay. Parking around the area was not TOO bad as you can find parking here and there. Mind you I went on Easter Sunday and when Asians go to pay respects to family members who passed away. My wait for a table for two was quick about 5 minutes BUT the wait for the xiaolongbao was longer. They seemed to have forgot our order of the two different dumplings so we just dropped the crabmeat with pork dumpling. As we observed the area, there were a lot of vacant tables so I wondered why it took long for service. The waitress probably forgot the order because others who were seated before got the dumplings before us. But when the dumplings arrived I was a little disappointed. They were placed in the usual bamboo trays but they did not place the dumplings under lettuce but under the typical plastic wrap. The flavor of the pork was there and the soup inside was abundant but the taste compared to joe Shanghai was different. I preferred their competitors. But I think I should give this another try.
They were solid soup dumplings, but considering the rave reviews, I had expected them to be much much better. I feel like I've had these quality dumplings at much less raved about places in the bay area, but perhaps it is not fair to judge NYC Chinese food on Bay Area standards.
Place order 30min and the server came over and asked "what did you order?" ....bad service, order just went out the air!
Came here on 9/6 after seeing a long line outside while looking for a place to eat. I was trying to see why there's a line for this restaurant. Boy was I in for a disappointment.Waited 15 minutes to outside till I got in to eat. What I noticed is how some tables were empty and people were waiting outside. It was like they purposely were trying to create a wait.Once we were in, we ordered: Steamed soup dumplings, Shanghainese pan fried udon, and Hunan dumplings with peanut butter sauce. We tried to order some of the cold specialties (like Drunken Chicken), but all the stuff were supposedly "sold out". We waited quite a bit for our food. Another couple came in about 10 minutes after we came in and got their food at exactly the same time. Was extremely angry. Our steamed soup dumplings were warm (not steaming hot like it just came out) and highly mediocre, shanghainese pan fried udon was literally one just the noodles (ONE leaf of veggie, and maybe a fingernail of meat). After we ate these two dishes, we were quite disappointed and began waiting for the easiest item of them all: the Hunan dumplings with peanut butter. We asked them about it and they said it is coming real soon (it did not arrive until another 10 minutes...obviously they forgot the order and just told the kitchen to make it). We thought it was going to come "real soon" so we tried to ask again. What happens? The waiter ignores us and we were just left there like idiots. When the dumpling arrived, it was probably the worst Hunan dumplings I've tasted. The dumpling skin was overly thick, and dumplings were covered with peanut butter (lacked the red oil). Being overly covered with peanut butter made it probably the driest junk I've ever tasted. Tip to others, don't order this from this restaurant. I would rather go to New World to get some that tastes better.Overall, highly disappointed. Would not come again.
Hands down the best soup dumplings in NYC!!! I took one star off because of the staffs, otherwise THIS IS THE PLACE GUYS!!
Food inspection: rate "A". Also restaurant guide rating: Michelin rating! The place is tight. Small tables. Long long line outside. They do rotate the patrons rather quickly. Not because of any of the staff rushing you out of the place but rather it is not a elaborate meal.  The place is simple to the point and tasty.  Back to how small tight the place is. I ended up bumping my hand on the hot dish and pushing my green tea up in the air!!!! Poor girl next to me ended up wearing some of the green tea.  Glad it was cold :( totally my fault and well wish the restaurant would use bigger tables. Now moving on to the food, after the tea was cleaned up it was down to business! We ordered dumplings and soups. Plentiful portions and the order just kept on coming. Eat slowww! Maybe have a little snack before hand? Just saying we ordered a lot and glad we were able to take some leftovers! Overall parking is tricky. Make sure to check out the parking garage in the corner. I paid $5 for less than 3 hours.   There may be a line but it moves quick and you are served rather quickly.
Stayed in Flushing for work for a week, so I couldn't pass up getting Chinese food - especially since I never get it in WI. That being said, I am no expert on soup dumplings, so if you're looking for the absolute best, I can't say if this is or not. But it's the best I've had.We got soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings and rice cakes with beef (I will not even attempt what any of that is called in Chinese). Soup dumplings were so big - I was expecting much smaller. But they were sooo good. Everything else was really good too. I would definitely go back if I'm in town.Environment: very casual, very crowded. Cash only. At least the menu is in English too - as I would not be able to order otherwise.Service: not friendly service (not rude either), but pretty quick and I didn't need anything extra. Totally felt judged for ordering in English though.
On to what many consider to be the best place to get soup dumplings in NYC: Nan Xiang. I am not a connoisseur of soup dumplings per say, but I am well versed in dumplings in general. I've never had a soup dumpling that made me go bonkers. However, the crab and pork soup dumplings at Nan Xiang more than surprised me.For $6.50 you get six tennis ball sized buns, steamed and smelling quite savory. Taking a bite into one is an interesting experience: first there is a thin, tender wonton wrapper; then the broth floods into your mouth and gives you an immersed feeling of warmth; finally your teeth sink into the combination of pork fat and crab meat that has perfect balances of salt, broth and meat.We also had a noodle dish that was pretty good, but nothing as exciting as the soup buns. I honestly think that ordering nothing but the soup dumplings and the standard pork buns would be totally fine. Get the best at the best place I say. More or less, everything on the menu is around $5. The place can get pretty crowded, but they seem to seat people very quickly.Nan Xiang is only a couple blocks up from White Bear on Prince St. so you have a convenient dumpling path. You'd be a fool not to take up both places if you're in the area.
They got them boom boom baosJoe Shanghai jockin' their styleSix to a steamer, that's swaggerOrder some soup noodles nowExpanded since 2008Now there's less of a waitBut still rockin' boom boom baosReigning champs of xiao long baosLet me get some now
really good dumpling and soups. every time i gotten noodles they have way to much oil in them. friendly staff, service take little longer and there is usually a long line to be seated. The food really cheap there for it make it on my favorite  local places.
Those scallion pancakes with beef. WOW. I wouldn't leave this place without trying them. Great soup dumplings too. Worth making a trip to Flushing. Plus it costs barely nothing. Service is prompt and efficient. Restaurant is located on a sidestreet and the writing on the front is in Chinese so I stood in front for almost 2 minutes trying to figure out if I was at the right place. Decor inside is simple, best tables seem to be by the window. Will be coming back for sure.
I had the pork and shrimp dumplings, and the scallion pancake with beef.  Both were good, but not as flavorful as I was hoping for.
The soup dumplings are so delicious! Especially for the price. The staff members were really friendly too.
These are the most authentic tasting soup dumplings spot in flushing (that I know of). NO! joe shanghai is not better, not in a long time! This spot is decent priced and the food is great! They have all the major types (crab, pork, etc.) of soup dumplings, but have a lot of other things. Shanghainese Cuisine is known for their "Cold" dishes and there is a large variety they offer. All super tasty! Their restaurant is very wide so there are a lot of seats. Even at their busiest you wont be waiting longer than 10-15 (rarely) 20 minutes max. Servers are always on point, super respectful and speak many different dialects of chinese; and yes they do speak english! This place is great for a group of people, that is, if you like to share food. Which you should, cause its awesome and thats how chinese people like to eat. Must come here for breakfast, sweet soy milk with fried sticks? (idk how to refer to those in english) so good. Writing this review has made me hungry, im going to pay them a visit soon. 1 star off because they only accept cash. idk how many times i had to run to the bank!
This place is always crowded every time I go there. Make sure you get a number for seating. They fairly recently expanded their restaurant next door to accommodate the excess of  customers. They make one of the best soup dumplings that I have ever tasted. When I am there I usually get two orders of the soup dumplings. I don't order the ones with crab because there is barely any  crabs in it. The Shanghai udon is really good too with a slight pepper taste with meat it taste great. Lastly I usually order a side of scallion pancake. It is flaky and doughy in the middle just the way I like it. The wait service is always good but they won't talk to you since they are always running around like. Word of advice: order the soup dumplings once you get seated since it takes some time for them to be cooked.
The most delicious scallion pancakes that you'll ever have...the sliced beef complimented by the sauce is literally to die for!!!!
Whoa whoa, how surprising.  For the first time, I didn't have to wait 30 min for a table!  But then again, they've expanded and took over the restaurant next door.  This place literally makes the BEST soup dumplings...EVER!  I know a lot of you people vouch for Joe's Shanghai or whatever, but this place has perfected soup dumpling.  It's never a disappointment with the dumplings.  Always filled with soup and never dried out.  Two ways to eat it.  Most people just put the dumpling on the soup spoon and drink the soup first and eat the dumpling (which is fine...i guess).  Me?  I put the whole thing in my mouth, and just let the soup explode while i chew!  Yes, even when it's scalding hot!  (Caution: those with small mouths shouldn't try it).I really don't eat anything else there...except the chicken soup.  Not yo mama's Campbell's chicken soup!  Chicken soup chinese style!  It's herbal and has a slight bitter taste to it but it warms you up in an instant.
Overrated.  I know this place is Michelin recommended, but I think it is not much better than Joe's Shanghai.  The broth is meh, and the skins came broken on several of the dumplings.  The much-praised scallion pancakes had little scallion or taste; you can get much better versions for $1 from the street vendors on Main St.  As for the restroom, I wish I had not stopped in to wash my hands prior to tje meal.  It was just dirty enough to drain one's appetite.
These dumplings are awesome!!! Every time I come here I always get the pork and crab steamed dumplings. They are out of this world. Heaven on earth! What more can I say? I have also had the scallion pancake a few times. It is OK a little greasy or oily, but tasty. Fried food tastes good. I had the seaweed salad last time and I didn't really care for it. I prefer seaweed salad in the Japanese restaurant cause they use different seaweed and different dressing. The place is always busy and the service can be slow if you are not pushy like me. There is a parking lot right across the street. I highly recommend this place!
SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!!!!  I'm a sucker for some soup dumplings.. and this place set the bar!We ordered pork/crabmeat soup dumplings, green-onion pie w/ beef, pan fried pork bao, and some stir fried rice cakes w/ pork.This is going to be a place I come to EVERY trip to NY.
Perhaps Joe's Shanghai's greatest rival, the xiao long bao soup dumplings are one of the best in the city and you even get to see it get made! Place gets packed even early on Sunday morning as they also serve breakfast.Their dumpling skin is slightly more tender than Joe's Shanghai, but the pork and juice a little less tastier. Still a great delight, after you poke a hole on top of the dumpling, suck out all the juice(or leave some behind) then put a tad of vingear into the hole, and for good measure add a piece of ginger on top. Then just gulp it in. Heaven. If you are into crab, you can also have the crab/pork mix dumpling. Like I mentioned, their 'meat' is a little less tastier, perhaps a tad more 'filling' was added to dilute/save cost. But just a tad. Remember when you order multiple batches of dumplings keep them on top of each other. If you let cold air in , it will stick and you will miss the juicy fun. Their homemade soy bean milk was GREAT, a must mix when eating your xiao long bao. Had the appetizer of sticky rice with a piece of fried dough cruller/dry shredded pork embedded inside was not bad, very plain but very fulling. It's probably best to come when it's not as crazy like a weekday, because you will probably get a fresher batch of dumplings. It gets hectic, and the customer service decreases a bit. Overall, a great experience and perhaps the best xiao long bao in Flushing.
The dumplings and noodles, cold dishes are the best!
Tried the xiao long bao. Not as good as I expected, and definitely not very authentic.
The famous Shanghai soup dumplings are a must have, and arguably the best in the city.  The Shanghainese cold dishes are pretty good too, I particularly like the Kaufu.  All other foods are good but down to the typical level.  Expect long wait times because this is a popular spot and relatively small dine-in area.  Seating also feels cramped.Bottom line, even the restaurant knows that people come specifically for the soup dumplings.  When they prepare the tables, they already put vinegar dishes on them.
I've been at this restaurant several times and after each time I dislike it more than the last. I got food poisoned the last time I was here. The service has alwaysss been bad here which isn't anything surprising. They always forget to put your order in and then make you wait forever without an apology (happened 2 out 2 times this past month). The soup dumpling has gone down the hill too. I don't think I'll ever come back after getting food poisoned. Sticking to Joe's Shanghai.
Emperor Ferdinand I once said, "I am the emperor, and I want dumplings."I understood what he meant as I stood in line at the very popular Nan Xiang Soup Dumpling House in Flushing, New York.This Michelin Guide recommended restaurant serves up piping-hot bamboo baskets of signature xiao long bao ($5.50), pillow-soft dumplings filled with meat in aspic, which melts into broth as the dumplings are steamed.Nanxiang is a suburb of Shanghai, China, where they were invented, and is still known for having the best xiao long bao anywhere.In the very small open kitchen, three women stand around the counter like the Fates, measuring out the delectable soup mixture and folding it into freshly-made dumpling skins.  In fact, you'll notice that there are only women in the kitchen. Head Chef Huang Jian Ping will tell you that women are simply better at folding dumplings.Carefully peel a hot dumpling off the bed of cabbage without puncturing it, and dip it into a sauce of shredded ginger in seasoned black vinegar.  Some like to take a nibble off the top, and some like to bite off the side.  Whichever method you prefer, you'll be hit with the intense flavors of velvety minced crab, pork, and flavorful broth in a soft skin.
I dont see what the big fuss is about. The pork buns are not good they were soggy and had way too much msg. I will not be back.
I biked out here from Brooklyn today and it was well worth the trek. The place was buzzing with people so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Once seated they brought us hot tea, lovely on brisk fall day.  Ordered the pork soup dumplings (which take the longest to make so they arrived last), the Shanghai veggie udon, beef and pepper noodle soup, and seaweed garlic side. The dumplings come six to an order and you eat them with this amazing dark vinegar/fresh ginger condiment.  All the dishes were fresh, full of flavor, and filling. The portions are large, two entrees easily serve four. To top it all off, our bill was under $30.  This place is a winner and I will totally be back.
Best soup dumplings in town. Been coming here since they opened with one store front and now expanded to three stores. I would recommend everyone to try the crab meat soup dumplings, scallion noodles and scallion pancake (all 3 I always get every time I go plus more).
Heard this place by coworker, xiao long bao didn't tasted as what I expected, but still taste better than many places
Very good, but honestly hard to believe that they have been Michelin recommended for so many years. First off, after a short wait we were seated but then blatantly ignored by all the servers. I swear it was because we aren't Asian. They actually looked the other way when we made eye contact & tried to wave them over. After finally grabbing (literally) a waiter we ordered soup dumplings (good but not the best we've had) & scallion pancake stuffed with beef (awesome!). Then came shredded chicken with rice cake (excellent) & Shanghai udon (good).  Overall the food was tasty. No atmosphere & if you are white...the service sucks. Make sure you go with some Asian friends & I'm sure you'll have a decent time.  Btw...SUPER cheap!!! $25 for all four items.
The soup dumplings here are very good, they're not my favorite in the city but they are good.  Noodle soups are also very good.  The service is inconsistent though.  I've been here and was served immediately, however, I've also been here and had to wait almost 10 minutes.
No frills place to get soup dumplings and some "brunch" aka salty soybean milk, my absolute fave.Luckily, I always manage to grab seats within the first 2-3 minutes..(besides that one time in the rain where we patiently braved the elements for a solid 10)I usually get the crab dumplings, salty soybean milk..my boyfriend opts for the pan fried noodles (they serve beef, chicken, pork..and seafood I think)Service is either hit or miss, but being Chinese myself, I don't expect much service when I'm eating at places like these.
Great soup dumplings, I like Joe's Shanghai better but these were a really tasty option.  I loved them, a great ratio of filling to skin.  The real star here was the scallion pancake with beef.  Really amazing. Fast service for lunch. This place is packed at lunch and is on everyone' s radar in Flushing.
Although it doesn't compare to Din Tai Fung, this is probably the best XLB place in NYC.  They have expanded in the last few years, but it can still get pretty packed around dinner time and the weekends.  They have a limited menu, but what they do serve is mostly very good and affordable, especially their XLB, cold dishes and breakfast items.
I've been coming to this place for years now. I remember when it was a hole-in-the wall type of place and now it has two more rooms to the restaurant! No more waiting for a table to get my yummy soup dumplings! I love this place because it's cheap and its good! Everything on the menu is delicious! If you are looking for something authentic to eat I would suggest trying the warm sweet soy milk with crispy dough and just rip pieces of the crispy dough and put it in your warm soy milk. Reminds me of a simple breakfast when I traveled to china!
Of the two heavyweight soup dumpling joints in Flushing, Nan Xiang comes out the winner in my book.  The soup dumplings are filling and don't have an excessive amount of soup in them so they're not too difficult to handle.  One set along with an appetizer is enough to keep me filled and happy.  For the appetizer, I would recommend that seaweed and chili salad.  It may sound intimidating to some but it's a surprisingly refreshing dish.  I didn't get to try any other dishes during my visit but they seem to have a solid menu.Only gripe is the seating area and the waiting time.  Since Nan Xiang is insanely popular among locals and wayward tourists in Flushing, the wait times can get excessive.  The waiting area is miniscule, since nearly every part of the restaurant is utilized to service the maximum amount of people.  Some tend to crowd around the door, leading to problems getting in and out of the restaurant.  Others choose to wait outside but there's a chance of missing your number being called.  It'd be nice if they either had the ability to announce numbers outside or at least ring up people when their table is ready.  Also be ready to share a table with others since they like serving as many people as possible.
I would give this place 6 starts if allowed!If you are ever craving some absolutely delicious shanghai food on a snowy Thursday, then this is the place to go! Actually, it doesn't matter when you go, because Nan Xiang is just plain AWESOME! As per the recommendations of many of my fellow Yelpers, I first ordered the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings). Followed by the scallion pancake with sliced beef. For the third dish, I ordered the spicy beef with noodle soup.  Allow me explain further, my culinary voyage. The soup dumplings were steamed to perfection. The skin, was slightly chewy, with mild flavor. Contained inside is a delicious, briny broth, and a tender piece of steamed pork. (A++)  Next was the scallion pancake with sliced beef. I am actually still having dreams about this dish. The beef is slightly sweet and very tender, and is contained in a decent sized scallion pancake that is light, fluffy and fried to perfection and is a good idea to split with someone else. As for the beef with noodle soup. The broth was flavorful and not too spicy, with plenty of noodles and beef and peppers. A great addition to the meal on a very cold and snowy day.I will be returning to Nan Xiang soon, and often.
Yelp reviews directed me here for some of the mind-blowing soup dumplings ever tasted in NYC. Let me check my mind, nope, not blown. I was surprised that the crab and pork wasn't that tasty. It definitely passed the test but it wasn't something I would recommend to people that they MUST HAVE! However, the pork soup dumplings on the other hand was definitely a MUST HAVE! It trumped the crab and pork by far being a much more flavorful doughy pouch of goodness.The appetizers were average. Didn't really care for the seaweed. The  "couple's meat platter" was alright. I would comment that the scallion pancakes were awful. They were like slabs of soft poorly pan fried pancakes slapped together. Gross. Whatever happened to the crisp exteriors that a real scallion pancake should have? When holding Nan Xiang's scallion pancake up with my chopsticks it flops over like a sad child hunched over in class waiting for school to end. What an upsetting pancake...
The soup dumplings were little delicate pillows of pure pleasure.  My boyfriend and I had the crab and pork soup dumplings.  The skin was delicate and thin, filling was perfectly seasoned and yielded a nice amount of soup.  There was a long line for this place to get in, but we only waited five or ten minutes.  Their soup dumplings are hot and everyone wants a piece of it!
The XLB are QDD (quite damn delicious) but I don't know, they're not the BEST I've had.  They are on the sweetish side, have an extremely delicate flavor, and are oh-so-pretty.  My favorite XLB in the tristate are still from Petite Soo Chow (yelp.com/biz/petite-soo-…).So why the four stars?  SCALLION OIL NOODLES (cong you mian).  They are cracktacular and RDD (ridiculously damn delicious).I came here around 5PM on a Sunday and didn't have to wait, but it was really busy and got pretty crowded pretty fast.
This is a decent place for a quick bite, the noodle soup are pretty good, the house dumbling taste so good, i think I'm going to visit more often
This is the most authentic dumpling place I've been too. The prices were good, it was about 6.50 for each dumpling dish. We  had the crab and pork xiao long bao and the soup tasted delicious, it was very clean and flavorful tasting. The crab made the soup inside slightly sweeter which I liked. The skins of the bun was just the right thickness to hold the soup without ripping when you pulled it up and tasted delicious. We also got the Pork pan fried dumpling which was very good, it was like biting into a pillow with delicious pork filling. Although, they did made and mistake and forgot one of our dishes. Since we were tourist, we didn't have time to wait another 25 minutes for the beef and scallion pancakes ( you know its fresh when it takes that long) . But all in all, I was very with our visit and will definitely come back again when in New York!!!
WOW. If you like great tasting dim sum at good prices and nice service, then come and check this out. More than worth the effort.
Solid food, but not spectacular. Reasonably prompt and friendly service. Comfortable and functional dining area. Decent value for money.
Four stars for the xiao long bao because this place is so much better than Joe's Shanghai a lot less grease the beef in the scallion pancakes were good too. I came here several times just for the soup dumplings but on one occasion we ordered jellyfish and also the cucumber appetizer and also a rice cakes with beef the two appetizers were bland and did not taste very fresh and also the rice cakes were way too salty.I have also had some of the other hot appetizers which were better but the dumplings are what save this place, but this is definitely not the place to be adventurous unless if you want a heart attack from the spike in blood pressure you will get from everything else
I first discovered the soup dumpling almost 10 years ago at Joe's.  I then was weaned at Shanghai Cafe, and then finally reached soup dumpling nirvana at Din Tai Fung in Taiwan...yet throughout this past decade, I can count the number of places where I've eaten them on one hand.  If I was really to become a soup dumpling aficionado, I'd have to try some other places, and the most highly recommended suggestion was Nan Xiang in Flushing.The trek out to Flushing is long but generally the food has always been worth it, and Nan Xiang was no different except in the decor.  This was an actual restaurant that was clean and bright with room for at least 50 people.  Of course though, decor was only a mere sidenote compared to the reason for this trip: the soup dumplingWhile Din Tai Fung will still always hold a place as my favorite, Nan Xiang's soup dumpling was excellent.  At first I was little shocked that they were served only 6 to an order at almost $7 for the pork version (in comparison, Shanghai cafe and joe's in manhattan chinatown serves 8 for less than $5).  I thought maybe the mark-up was due to the friendlier, roomier confines within which i was sitting.  But upon my first puncture, slurp, and bite, I realized that this was a special soup dumpling.  First, the skin of the dumpling was not too thick and yet not completely transparent that it would break when trying to pick it up...definitely a lot of points on the skin.  Second, the pork filling tasted fresh and delicious in combination with the skin...there was no greasy feeling after.  Finally and most impressively, there was a lot of soup in those dumplings, moreso than in any I'd ever eaten.  Whereas shanghai cafe or joe's might have 1-2 seconds worth of slurping (and mouthroof burning), Nan Xiang's had at least 3-4 seconds worth of warm, comforting pork-flavored broth in its dumplings.  The miracle of all this soup may have helped explained the slight markup on its soup dumpling prices.  As my friends and I were in the middle of a dumpling crawl, we didn't get a chance to try their wide array of noodle soups and entrees...but they tempted us whenever they passed by.  The noodle soup bowls were huge and had all kinds of fillings in them.  I also noticed a large number of tables ordering appetizers like shredded bean curd.  One dish we did get was the scallion pancake with beef wrapped within...wow, it was and is definitely a must-eat.  The crispyness of the pancake with the sweet and savory of the beef brisket made me want to call up all BBQ joints to have scallion pancakes added to their side dish menus.There will be days in the future where an order of Shanghai Cafe's dumplings will be simply all I need.  However that day in the future may take a long time to happen.
Incredible dumplings and tasteful niu rou mien! The only problem is that the place is very small and the wait for the dumplings can take a while but when the taste is exquisite, the wait is worthwhile!
AWESOME :) if you can't find Din tai fung around you. They are not the best dumplings I've had in my life but they come pretty close .What I do like about this place is that they have chinese style breakfast, which I miss, to be more specific this very shanghainese. The salty beancurd Mmmm, fried dough fritters they make it them really well here, it come out hot and crispy but fluffy inside .. AWESOME !!!!The noodles are really good, one of the better la mein type noodle , I've had. So if you haven't tried this place :) TRY IT ! plus it's cheap :)
This place has the best soup dumplings I've ever had in my XX years of age! The dumplings come out fresh and hot and super tasty! The kitchen is an open space and is close to the seating area so you can actually watch the cooks roll the dough, stuff the dumplings, and put them in a steamer.. Everying comes out so fresh! The soup that comes out of the dumplings is so flavorful, really hit the spot on a cold day!
YUMMY!    And they were great and accommodating with our stroller even though place was packed.   Soup dumplings were great.  Cucumber appetizer delicious and I loved the steamed veggie dumplings!
Awesome soup dumplings and noodle dishes!!! They also have wonderful cold appetizer dishes that are tasty, fresh and complementary to the heavy dumplings/noodles (spicy bamboo shoots, cucumber in garlic and oil, etc). On weekends, expect a line but the turnaround is fast. Love this place! The only dish that isn't as good as Joe's Shanghai is the scallion pancakes. They're just ok.
Came to this place this morning for some breakfast - Shao Bing (sesame flatbread) & You Tiao (fried bread stick) but was informed that there was no Shao Bing available.  It is 10am.  Why wouldn't you have breakfast?! Instead, I ordered a bowl of sweet soymilk with "Jiu Cai He" (Garlic Chives Turnovers) and my mom ordered some dumplings.  We waited for 45 minutes for our food to come, only to find out that it tasted AWFUL.  We didn't order Xiao Long Bao, but perhaps this place is only worth that.  The service is SUPER SLOW and our server was rude to the max.  She had all kinds of excuses for why the food takes 45 minutes to come, and mouthed off to my mother when she inquired why our food was taking so long when we ordered so little.  Talking down to my mother?  Minus 1000.  I'm not sure how numerous customers have overlooked the service of this place and tolerated it for so long.  Perhaps this place is worth the try at least once, but I won't be coming back for more!
YOU EAT HERE NOW!  I've been going to this place for years.  Best soup dumplings ever.  It's a madhouse and you can wait for quite a while for your order, sometimes they can be a bit rude, but I still give it 5 stars because it's so delish!Try the steamed pork buns (soup dumplings).  The soy peas, bean curd, and cabbage salad is just amazing!  The cucumber w/ garlic is great too.  Really everything... except for the soups (nothing special).If you want the best soup dumplings in the city, EAT HERE!
Firstly they sat us by the door and it's freezing cold when there's more than enough tables further in. People who came in after us were all seated inside. When I tried to order certain things on the menu they said they didn't have it. They just opened an hour ago I don't think they ran out so if they're not serving it anymore take it off the menu. She didn't elaborate on why it wasn't available. Ordered 5 items and only received 4 dishes. Once again no explanation. No status update like we're in the process of cooking it ? Probably just forgot. We couldn't even ask where the last plate was or ask for the check because they didn't care to check in on how we were doing. After awkwardly sitting there for 25 minutes just went to the cashier and asked her for the check. I don't mind waiting for a dish that takes longer to cook but I would like to be informed. She just forgot didn't give a shit. Horrendous service, very rude. Needs better staff management. The cashier was busy texting and she realized when it was too late we were neglected and pissed.
Awesome XLB!  Its the best I've ever had and my wife says its the best she's ever had outside of Asia.  The cucumber garlic dish and the rice cake with beef are a must also! Its a nice clean restaurant with good prompt service.  And the prices are really affordable! The only sadness was that they ran out of the spicy bamboo.  Next time!
I always heard New York had good Chinese food, so it really confused me when, after two years here, I hadn't found a single place that impressed me.  Then I learned about main street in Flushing, and a quick search on yelp led me to Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  Forget Chinatown, this is where it's at.  I've been back several times and have never left disappointed.  So many reviews mention the soup dumplings, so naturally it was the first thing I tried.  I felt like a outsider as I naively bit into it, not realizing the obvious, that the soup would spill all over the table and my face.  It did.  After observing the more experienced soup dumpling eaters, I quickly caught on to their method-- gently placing the dumpling on a spoon and opening a tiny hole with surgical precision in order to extract the mind-blowingly flavorful liquid that lures patrons into this always-packed-house.  Wow, I've never tasted anything like this, now I understand why I had to take a number to be seated.  Besides the soup dumplings, I'm all about the Pork and cabbage soup, packed with noodles and greens, it's about as tasty as a soup can get.  The cucumber and garlic salad and the scallion pancakes with beef are also solid- they have seriously special hoisin sauce.  The stir-fried udon noodles were underwhelming at best, they weren't as flavorful as the other dishes and were somewhat greasy.  The service is also hit-or-miss, but that's just part of the fun.
it is legit but It is not as good as the dumpling places in LA and SF I love.
Solid place for xiao long bao. Better than Joe's (both locations) but not as good as Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. We ordered the pork xiao long bao, scallion pancake with beef and the parsnip puffs (recommended by the waiter after he commented that we didn't order enough). The xiao long bao were good with savory soup and thin skin but like a previous reviewer mentioned something seemed to be missing...not sure what, maybe I wasn't that hungry or it wasn't cold enough outside...The parsnip puffs were a tasty treat but the highlight  of our meal was  the scallion pancake with beef. Order it now!!!!The service was good and even though there were many families and couples present, we didn't have to wait long for dinner on a Wednesday evening. I am willing to come back and give the soup dumplings another try.  Oh yea...just so you know the place only accepts cash - no cards.
I love this place. It's probably the best place in the entire New York area to get xiao long bao (soup dumplings). The skins are thin, thin, thin, and the soup has a really good flavor; it's full and meaty, unlike some other places I've been to where the "soup" on the inside of the bao is more like oil. Not here! The Shanghainese stir-fried rice cake here is pretty good, well fried on the wok. Prices here are decent, too. Definitely be prepared to wait a bit if you want to eat here, or try coming at off-peak hours. I had dinner here one night, but I'm dying to come back to try their breakfast -- I love youtiao and soy milk!
1 take out order of 1 serving of soup dumplings (6 dumplings total) took 30 minutes.  A littttle ridiculous.  $5.50...not THAT much cheaper than midtown Joe's Shanghai.  I also ordered a scallion pancake, which they forgot, but I was too fed up at that point to wait for it.Dumplings:  They were OK.  Chewy skin and lots of soup.  Not as greasy as Joe's.  But they also did not blow my mind.
Simply the best dumplings I have ever experienced and also deliciously crunchy and chewy scallion pancakes.
The skin of the dumplings is transparent thin. However, service is poor, our server stood over us because we ordered 2 appetizer and 1 noodle. The server rudely replied "is that all?", putting the standing pressure over us to order more food.Afterall, the price of the bill is $25 with 1 steam bun, 2 appetizers and 1 noodle dish.
Go here for:- beef scallion pancake. So so yummy. I may have liked it even more than the xiao long bao themselves. The sauce they put on it is amazing.- Xiao long bao. Tasty, soupy goodness. Plus you can watch them make them, so you know it's fresh. A bit big though, so get creative on different eating methods!- Ridiculously cheap prices. $60ish to fill five starving bellies to the brim.Maybe go here for:- beef noodle soup. I've had better - places where you can see the noodles being whacked and whipped into shape. Hit the spot on a chilly day though.- the side dishes. The braised soy beans were delicious...but I can't speak to the others. Also, the fact that they have them sitting out where everyone is waiting makes me slightly question how many germs they're covered in. Whatever, they were tasty.Don't go here for:- regular scallion pancake. Sorry, vegetarians. I like plants as much as the next gal, but this is just unfair compared to the beef pancake. - quick service. It's a busy place. Just wait your turn. And if they forget that it's your turn, let them know before they seat the next party in your spot ;)
The Soup Dumplings are it.....Pork or the Crab and Pork Dumplings are really good.  The restaurant did earn a Michelin Star for their dumplings.  An order does take a little while to make, so you will wait. They start making your dumplings after you order them.  Order an appetizer with your dumplings if you are hungry.One of my most embarrassing food moments took place here as an older Chinese woman, felt compelled to give me a lesson in eating the soup dumplings correctly. I was not representing.............  Other yelpers explain how to eat them properly.I think this a must stop on the Prince St. Flushing Cheap Eats Tour. Which I think would also include Sifu Chio, Happy Beef Noodle House, Sunway, Spicy And Tasty and White Bear with a quick detour to Xi'an Famous Foods.
Best breakfastXLBplain hot soy milkscallion pancakecold spicy braised beef with tripe.
The BEST soup dumplings in NY. Skip Joe Shanghai's and head over to Nan Xiang! You won't regret it!
These people aren't messing round. They're quick and efficient, and the soup dumplings are some of the best I've had. The boyfriend and I tried the pork and the pork/crab. The crab had more flavor. We also had the crispy noodles with beef. So good! Also, a must try is the bamboo shoots in chili oil. Its a cold appetizer, but is delicious.
Above average XLBs, but you can sure do a whole lot worse in the Flushing area. The variety at this place will keep me coming back. They have awesome pork and cabbage noodles (awesome for cold, wintery day) in a very hearty broth. Also, just recently tried the wontons with chili oil and peanut butter, and it was a savory, unusual combo. I have also tried the scallion pancakes with the beef and the tofu gluten dish served cold - - both also come highly recommended.Come early on weekends and expect a wait. The yelp followers and bus tours departing from the yuppie cesspools are all on board!
Service was just basic, but, the main reason you go to this place is good food. Highlight dishes were crab pork dumplings and beef-chilly pepper noodle soup (very mildly spicy). This is a cash only joint.
Ok.....so the last time i had Nan Xiang was actually in China-Shanghai in Yu Yuan....the line was super long there.....but i dig!I have been really good today....12hours of studying...so i decided to treat myself to some XLB! Asked my friends if they wanted to come with me....and it was the best decision ever!Not sure if its related to the same establishment from Shanghai..but...the XLB was good...i definitely liked the Crab XLB more than the pork. The skin was almost perfect, and there were so much soup inside...yumm!!! We also ordered Jian Bao...not sure what the english name is...XD, but it was pretty good as well....the skin wasnt too thick and still moist. =DThe service was subpar...but who cares when the XLB is good..=) i would definitely travel all the way to Flushing again for some XLB!!!!!!!! =D
Sigh. Sigh. SIGH. Nan Shian Xiao Long Bao...how many times am I going to come back to you, only to be disappointed by you again? I've brought two friends here separately, promising them the best xiao long bao in the business (better than Joe's Shanghai), only to be burned by the lack of craftsmanship and flavor they brought out.I'm going to dedicated this song to you:Just gonna stand there and watch me burnBut that's alrightBecause I like the way it hurtsJust gonna stand there and hear me cryBut that's alright because I loveThe way you lieI love the way you lieI love the way you lieYou use to be so amazing - your crab xiao long baos juicy and full of flavor, your beef scallion pancakes fried to the perfect crispness and your service attentive and pristine. This all went down the drain when you decided to take over the empty store next door. Now, everything feels commercialized. I feel as if you sold your soul to the suits. Now I long for you to return to me...and I always have hope you will...one day.Food: Everything has been different since they decided to "expand." Before, this spot was a well-known hole-in-the-wall, packed with hungry customers aching for some xiao long bao. Now, there is hardly a line or a wait as they doubled their capacity. Unfortunately, this has created quality problems. The xiao long bao soup is diluted, there's hardly any flavor, losing any savory feel they had. One time, the beef scallion pancakes seemed undercooked, another time, they took 40 minutes to come out. I need some consistency please. I'm willing to wait if the end-product is amazing, but they just aren't anymore.Noodle dishes are run-of-the-mill. Don't expect anything exciting from their Fried Shanghai Thick Noodles, Rice Cakes, or Noodles in Pork Minced Sauce. Something positive: Cold soybean milk is lovely and a good value. They give a lot for the cold dishes in the front (gluten, cucumbers, etc.).Ambiance: Crowded. You're sitting next to your fellow diners. Pretty much standard.Service: Service is absolutely horrible now. I don't expect much going to Flushing, but I do expect at least ONE server to be in the same room I am dining in. Instead, my friends and I had to constantly walk over to the other room just to find someone that works here. And no, we weren't badgering the servers with little nuisances, we didn't have spoons for our xiao long bao! How do you expect us to eat?This place is completely understaffed for its newfound capacity. I would suggest more workers/table. I feel as if they have the same amount of people as before, but twice the number of tables. One time, my friend wanted some sheng jian bao after eating a rack of xiao longs. My friend ordered them (going into the next room of course); only to be told we had to wait 18 minutes. Who says 18 minutes? That's so specific I'm assuming you're using a microwave or Foreman grill. We politely declined...but of course the waiter put in the order anyway. GTFO, I'm not waiting for 18 more minutes, I have a meter to tend to!Value: Standard value in Flushing, but they charge tax. BIG WTF. If you are 'Cash Only,' no WAY should you charge tax. This is an unwritten rule in restaurant management! C'mon people, I don't know why my fellow Yelpers haven't pointed this out.
Sorry, but the place is actually called Nan XIANG Dumpling House, maybe Yelp can fix that.  Don't come here for the service, just for the food. Don't get the wine/drunk chicken, it doesn't taste drunk. It tasted like it had low-tolerance and kicked the bucket early. Also, the chicken was anorexic, cause there was no meat on that chicken! Do order your xiao long baos (soup dumplings or direct translation - little dragon buns) the second you get seated. Then peruse the menu for something to hold you over until your your dumplings get there. I promise you, there will be a wait for them. The Shanghai Pan-fried Udon ($6.95) noodles were okay, Joe Shanghai's is better. They were extremely oily and lacking in the veggies/meat area. The noodles tasted a little chalky to me as well.The Scallion pancakes ($2.95) were smaller than I expected. They also had less scallions than expected, which is a good thing if you hate those green things. The pancake was fried well, and well-aerated. Good quality taste and went well with the vinegar/ginger sauce that is meant for the dumplings. The soup dumplings (6 pieces instead of 8 at Joe Shanghai's and $5.50 instead of $4.75) were great. The soup was markedly different, it definitely had a cleaner, less fatty taste the ones at Joe's. The skin is thinner, which makes it tastes better, but also easier to rip (and the soup to be lost). The dumplings are better, but Joe's is a much smoother operation - dumplings are churned out every second, English is more fluent, and service is not polite, but at least lightning fast. Overall, yummy (and cheap)!
Fantastic, absolutely fantastic.  Really enjoyed the Xiao Long Bao, flavorful, soupy, wonderful little balls of goodness.  Only complaint is that they need to take a bit more time and care with their non-Chinese patrons so that I can explore more of the menu like a native.
In my opinion this is the best Xiao Long Bao place in Flushing.The Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings are oh so savory. Get them!The Shredded Pork and Shiitake Mushroom Rice Cakes are delicious. Get them!What?! Chives & Egg Fried Bun?! Awesome. Get it!Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup or Pork and (Salted) Cabbage Noodle Soup? Get both!Sweet soy bean milk for $1? Nice.Tab for all this tasty goodness? Roughly $35.Conclusion: Good for breakfast, great food overall, concise menu, and cheap prices. A must try if you are in the neighborhood.
We lucked out. Found a parking space in Flushing quite quickly. Didn't have to wait in line. Arrived just before dinner time. The reviews on yelp kept mentioning the crab and pork soup dumplings. Terrific. Hot. Tasty. We also had the beef and scallion pancakes. Yes, a bit greasy but oh so tasty. We thought the best of what we ordered. And, then the pan friend pork buns. Yum. These three dishes were plenty to fill us up and we were glad that we hadn't ordered a fourth dish. Prices are very affordable. Reminder: this is a cash only location.
3.5 StarsAfter reading some of my peer's review of this restaurant's soup dumplings and how it was the best in NYC, I had to try it out. So after a game of watching baseball at Citi Field, I decided to come here to try out the Xiao Long Bao's. It did not live up to its billing. I still stand pay that the best Xiao Long Bao's are in Cliffside NJ at Petite Soo Chow.The Shanghai Noodles left a little to be desired for as it was just too greasy and did not contain much meat or variety for that matter. It still probably has the best soup dumplings in the Flushing area though, so I can't knock it.
I always come here for the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and the assorted Chinese breakfast options - scallion pancake and hot soy milk.  If you aren't allergic to shellfish, the crabmeat option for the dumplings is pretty tasty.  I have a few friends who swear by Joe's Shanghai, though I don't know why since the quality is really not as great.Also, Nan Xiang actually started off as a tiny restaurant (probably less than 10 tables) and then they expanded into the space next door.  So for those who complain about the wait time, be thankful that they now have additional seating!  As far as the service goes, it's pretty standard for a Chinese restaurant.  They get the food out and make sure you get fed.  That's all I ever ask for, really.  Till next time!
I don't even want to review this place because I wouldn't want the line to get longer than it already is! But I'd feel like I was doing the yelp community a disservice by keeping this from you...Yes, the soup dumplings are fantastic, and the scallion pancakes a seemingly deep fried and delicious appetizer, but what I REALLY love here, that I have a hard time finding anywhere else, are the vegetable dumplings. Perfect chewy skin, and chock full of flavorful greens. I really don't know what goes IN it, but it is something amazing. This can convert even the most carnivorous of meat eaters. (Ok maybe not, but I can dream.)
One slurp, and my sisters' eyes swelled to the size of soup dumplings.  I'm flabbergasted we didn't immediately order seconds. Oh yeah, I guess because the service was too slow.The cold bean curd was worth the $3.75, as were the very popular, crunchy scallion pancakes. [But if you've made it to this review, you know the soup dumplings are what earned Nan Shian its two consecutive Michelin recommendations.]
Awesome dumpling and reasonable price, especially the tempting hot beef noodles. Totally worth the trip and waiting time.
The food is always great here! Known for the soup dumplings and i wouldnt blame them. The soup dumplings were better than joes shanghai. Came here for breakfast n dinner. The breakfast was amazing. I love everything on their breakfast menu. Nothing that i would complain about. However, when it comes to dinner, somethings were off. Dinner was packed like always. Had to wait 20mins. The waiters werent that attending. Smudges on my utensils. Ask for cold ice water n came a flat, luke warm sink water instead.Ordered a jellyfish appetizers, came more radish than jellyfish n it was extremely oily n salty too. Had to gulp down my cup of water. Other than that, everything was amazing n well cooked. I just wish the dishes were a lil bigger rather than a palm hand size.Other then that, whats not to love bout this place.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, this is as close to home as it gets for me. they also have stirfry rice cake and a few authentic Chinese side dishes that I love!
Delicious soup dumplings! We showed up at 3pm and there was a huge crowd of people waiting outside (be prepared to wait). Ordered more food than we could eat and our bill was only $30. So reasonable and delicious.
Excellent soup dumplings! We tried their spicy beef and pepper soup and it is delicious. We also tried their shredded pork and rice cake as well as the fried udon noodles, they were both delicious but the dumplings are where it's at.This place is great, food wise.....their customer service is relatively nonexistent, they never check on you, they forget your drinks, and asking someone for something or ordering more food is taboo. I was definitely ignored on purpose, but the food is so good that I could care less about their terrible servers. As much as the servers take away from the experience, the food is still worth it.
FOOD :  They're known for their Xiao Lung Bao that pours out a can of soup when they're puncture.  You can also get your filling on Taiwanese cuisine here too. Staples include Scallion dumplings and the Cha Chiang mein.  Hot soy bean milk is a great drink for the winter seasons too .DECOR : A little tight but adequate. Europeans might find it a tad cramp. Nothing outstanding here about its interior design. VALUE :  Think Chinese Food served for Chinese people. It's not PF changs , so it's cheap. You're not going to spend more than 20 dollars a person.  OVERALL:  Good food, good value. Easily accessible by mass transit. The waiters speaka the engrish too , so my fellow gwai los don't worry :)
Hands down, the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in NYC.  My friend said I'll never want to get xiao long bao from any other establishment in the city after eating here and that is true.  When I took my first bite, I noticed how perfectly thin/thick the dumpling skin was.  It didn't stick to my lip like they sometimes do.  The broth inside is very flavorful and clear, untainted by heavy amounts of oil.  The turnip puffs, fried bean gluten, and scallion pancake with sliced beef & hoison sauce were some of my other favorite dishes.  And the sweet soy bean milk... MMMMMMmmmm.  Only disappointment was the jellyfish app which had more strips of turnip in it than jellyfish.  There is also a guaranteed wait if you go during prime lunch or dinner times, so show up early.  I can't wait to go back!
the crab meat steamed buns are a must get!!!!
I started writing this review in November 2009. All I have is, "Great xiao lum bao (soup dumplings) as well as other dishes". That's about all I have to say. I've been there many times and it's always good._____
They soup dumplings here are amazing along with the cold soy milk the spicy wontons with peanut butter sauce. Service is okay depending on what day you go,
As a native of flushing, I am really glad this place came into the scene to beat out the monopoly that Joe's Shanghai had over soup dumplings. I agree with everyone else that their soup dumplings are better. The skin is thinner, the broth tastier and it has more of a contemporary feel with the long tables and open viewing of dumpling making.The reason why I really like this place is because of their other dishes, i find the noodle dishes really delicious, especially the beef and chilli pepper noodle. The noodles have a really wonderful chewy texture and the broth is flavored just right, t with thinly sliced beef and right amount of chillies. I am guessing they use the same flour to make their noodles and their dumpling skins. Whatever the formula is, it works!This place is really busy but they still treat their customers well and I find their services to be helpful and efficient.
This is a Nan Shian vs Joe's Shanghai review. I've been to Joe's Shanghai three times already in the past month that I've lived in New York and I decided to venture out and try other kinds of xiao long bao. After reading raving reviews and many claims of being "better than joe's" I decided to give Nan Shian a shot. All in all, I think I'll be sticking with Joe's.Here's my reasons why:#1: A lot of people say how they don't like the ridiculous waits at Joe's and it's true, I usually have to try to beat the dinner rush line at Joe's but at Nan shian, I strolled in at 7PM and was seated immediately with a lot of other open tables around me. However, the massive amounts of people at Joe's = constant supply of fresh XLB's. Usually your order comes within minutes at Joe's, but my XLB's at NS came nearly 15-20 minutes after I had ordered. The restaurant wasn't even busy. I am used to ordering my XLB's as I wanted them so I don't have idle XLB's not being eaten and skin toughening up, but it seems at NS you have to order them 15+ minutes in advance. #2: The xiao long bao's themselves: I'm the type of person that likes more flavorful (and I guess saltier) things. The XLB's at NS had soup that was more bland compared to Joe's. And the meat at Joe's had a lot more flavor as well. I coudln't tell much of a difference between the pork and the shrimp and pork XLB at NS. Even the sauce used for the XLB's seemed to have less ginger flavor and saltiness. This may be nit-picking, but I thought the XLB skin at NS was a little too tough. I did eat the hot dumplings right away! Though they didn't seem as tongue-burning hot as the ones I've eaten at Joe's. #3 The Shanghai Udon Noodles: I had a version of this at Joe's and the noodle quality was SO much better. It was still good at NS but it's much chewier (and fatter) at Joe's. This dish did seem a bit greasier at Joe's, but not by much.#4: The PRICE! At NS you get 6 dumplings for more money than you would pay for 8 dumplings at Joe's...The Beef Scallion Pancake was good as everyone has said, but after a few bites I didn't really want any more. I DID, however, really like their Sweetened Cold Soymilk :) a huge cup for just a dollar! In terms of staffing and atmosphere, I would say both are about the same. Neither one is particularly awesome about friendly and courteous service. THough Joe's has more servers and thus faster service.Nan Shian's food is pretty good. Just comparatively to Joe's, I give it 3 stars, because I know I've had better XLB's. There is a lot of debate between who has the best xiao long bao's in Flushing, but according to my taste (I do enjoy saltier, more flavorful things and don't mind extra greasy food), I'm going to have to say Joe's Shanghai wins this battle for me.
First the good.  The soy pea and bean curd app was fantastic.   The seafood udon and rice cakes, both also really good. Pork buns....  I have passed by a hundred times and always busy.  Always hearing about the XLB.    The fried, were honestly not very good.   The skin so thick and not crispy, it was bread like.   The steamed were good.  Skin texture was nice but flavor of soup was missing a little something.  I prefer Taste of Shanghai.   Tea - not very good at all, but hey it's free.   Service, not so much.  Somewhere between a 3 and a 4.   Think I will mainly get soy peas to go and move on...
Been here twice now, and the xiao long tang bao (soup dumplings) take me back to the good stuff I had all the time in China.Greasy, juicy, meaty pockets of soup in chewy, steamy dumpling shells (drool). I love you, little dumplings.Today we tried other dishes off the menu as well (yay for taking Chinese friends with us).  We especially loved:-Cucumbers in garlic & oil (really refreshing and palate cleansing after eating all that xiao long bao)-Beef pancakes--neu rou dan bing (chewey, carby, meaty, hoisen-y, awesome. Better than their scallion pancakes)-Fried noodles with chicken and mushrooms -Chives/egg pancakes (I DIDN'T KNOW THESE THINGS WERE ALSO CALLED CHIVES IN ENGLISH. love love love)-Rice cakes dish (i forgot which one...but like Chinese ddukbokee)I think they bought out the store next door and expanded the seating area.  Now you won't have to wait an hour to eat.  We were 5 people and didn't have to wait at all today (1pm Saturday)...this made me that much happier.
Great xiaolongbao! I was impressed with how tasty and juicy the filling was! However, the only downside is that the skin wasn't strong enough to hold in everything. I had more than half break on me (I swear I know how to use my chopsticks!). I also don't think there is much of a difference between the regular xiaolongbao and crab xiaolongbao. All in all, delicious and good value!
Nan Xiang Dumpling House, if you're in Flushing this is apparently one of THE places you need to visit for xiao long baos.  Not really sure what all the hub bub is about, but they're alright, nothing amazing.  Service is fast and cleanliness of the restaurant is above average so that's always a plus.  It's pretty easy getting a table because the restaurant has two wings with plenty of seating.  The food is good but if you're coming from the outer boroughs, it's probably not worth the trip.
The service was mediocre at best, but the food was delicious! The crab soup dumplings were my favorite, and if you want to have something spicy, ask for the beef platter. Also, there is this pan fried bun with pork inside it, and it is a must when you are eating taiwanese cuisine. I do recommend! (also it is cash only, so be prepared for that)
Went back again and had the Pork dumplings, Pork and crab dumplings, Sweet tofu soup and Rice cake with pork. All excellent!!
I would say the food here is only for tourists.  The xiao long baos were the worse I have I've ever had.  Too dry, not enough soup, salty inside to cover up how stale and unfresh the meat was.  The spicy tendons were alright.  It was spicy, but it does not have the numb effect, so they didn't put enough szechuan pepper.  The tendons were also not crunchy enough.  I have to comment on the waiters and waitress here.  They are the rudest ever.  They ignore and walk right past you when you walk in the door.  You'll have to wait and then ask to get seated.  I already wanted to leave before I even started the meal.  Then when you wave one over, it takes them two decades before they react because again they keep ignoring you.  They will be chatting in their little corner.  However, if you are not Asian, you'll will be seated very fast as we saw.  I should have taken my friend's warning not to have dinner here.  I thought it might taste good because it was packed, but I forgot to look what it was packed with...Non-Asians!
Highly recommended: crab meat dumplings & beef in scallion pancakeThough the wait can be long and the service sub par, the food is just so good. The menu isn't very extensive but everything is delicious.
Best Dumpling there is in Queens. All the reviews by the Yelpers said it all. I prefer this place than Joe ShangHai. Also, try the Scallion pancake, it's great. Expect long line on weekend. Well, you need to have patience to get good stuff.
I saw and heard about this spot through a video posted by NY Chef Eddie Huang. This place is a good good lunch, dinner and late night grub spot. the soup dumplings here are big and juicy, but it was hard to grab em without breaking it, and I'm a pro with my chinese utensils. dumplings are good, but not joe shanghai good!
Alright, one asian dude, and three cute asian girls all recommended these soup dumplings to me (I know, I should expand my circle of friends). All within the time frame of a week. The situation was dire. I needed to pay these dumpling ladies a visit. And so, I did.I was on a mission. Mission objectives were clear & concise, I was to extract most scrumptuos soup dumplings from the hands of the hostile (yet ingenius) soup dumpling ladies. Drop off site, the warm and inviting confines of my mouth.Boy does this place get crowded on weekends. This place was packed with lines rolling out the door. I got pushed and poked around by old folks, strollers, and everything in between. It was all worth it though.I enjoyed my dumplings courtside at the nearby park as onlookers stared at me in pure envy. And, to add insult to injury, every so often, I'd throw an arrogant smirk or smile their way. Yeah man, I was in soup dumpling heaven, and I wanted everybody to know.Now, one cannot talk about soup dumplings and not mention Joe's Shanghai. I ordered the crab flavor soup dumplings. The skin is pretty thin, so you have to be careful; two of them broke on me. The meat filling tastes softer, and fresher than Joe's. But, I thought the flavor was slightly sub par when compared to Joe's. I'll have to go back to try their standard pork soup dumplings as well as some other dishes.As punishment for my post-breakfast, but pre-lunch dumpling snack, I walked myself home (3 miles). Unfortunately, temptation levels were high, and my immunity level was low, so I stopped off on my route (along Roosevelt Ave) for some light snacks. Sigh...
Brilliant dumplings. The scallion pancakes with beef: delicious. Pork buns: delicious. Watching the ladies make it all: awesome.We even found the service somewhat friendly - I totally expected the kind of service you'd expect at a small, busy chinese restaurant. But was surprised at how generally friendly they were.Oh, yes. It's small-ish and they get real busy. You may end up sharing a table, but it is not a huge deal. It's also not super fancy, but you didn't come here for fancy. You came here for the brilliant dumplings.I left in a food coma.
This place is Michelin Guide Recommend, Zagat Rated, yet has barely any english on the outside... and those guys were right. This place is AWESOME. XLB were soo big and yummy. I should've just stuck w/the XLB, instead of going for the udon... but next time I'm coming back and ordering 3 orders of XLB.Can't Wait till i go back.
This is our 4th restaurant we try and oh boy was the dumpling's delicious!!! It was proably the best dumplings I try so far in NYC plus it was crowed but we got a seat right away. At this point we barfely could eat anymore so we just order 3 dumplings for the table and force ourselves to eat them. The dumplings was full of flavor and juice and extremely hot. I think I had to split one out because i ate it too fast lolOverall I wish I had more for this morning breakfast.
I came here for lunch on a weekday and was very impressed with my meal here. We ordered the xiao long bao and they were delicious, though hard to get out of their steamer in one piece. I also got the crunch noodles with beef and it was very tasty and flavorful. My boyfriend got a pork soup, which he said was average.
Awesome soup dumplings (listed as pork dumplings). There are six per tray, so when the waiter says that you want four, don't think that there will only be four in the tray. There will actually be a total of 24 dumplings. Either way, don't worry, you'll be able to eat 24. My girlfriend and I finished 30 dumplings and a plate of rice cakes with chicken. You'll enjoy this place.
This place has really good soup dumplings.  It's nice that as you wait in line you can watch the chefs make them.  The price is decent.  From what I hear Joe's Shanghai is cheaper, but I think this place isn't as cramped.  I do not have any complaints about their food or their prices, but the waiter did not take our order down correctly, so we didn't get enough of their delicious dumplings :(Overall, try this place if you are in Flushing and crave some awesome soup dumplings.
I don't know if I could definitely say that this place has dumplings that taste 'better' than joe's (they're definitely not worse than joe's), but their service staff is def more polite. at joe's i always feel rushed and unwelcome but the atmosphere here seems way more friendly. i was just a little surprised that they serve 6 dumplings instead of 8 in a batch, but it's not a big deal. they also have a rather small menu, but the essentials are all there. if there's a wait, definitely go inside and take a menu to see what you want. service isn't slow but it isn't super speedy like some other places.tables are also pretty accommodating for groups up to ~8 people.bottom line though, i'm definitely coming back -- and probably ditching joe's for a while.
This place is awesome! After the first time I went here with my family I was hooked! The soup dumplings are amazing. And I always order the noodles in scallion sauce as an appetizer.  It gets busy, but there are always tables available, and fairly fast service. Another cool thing about this place is you can see the women making the soup dumplings from scratch. Cheap prices, great food, what more could you ask for? Try it!
The service here is nothing to speak of at all.......really. If you need to go someplace where they focus on customers first, don't go here, because no matter how good the food is, you will not be happy. I had been warned of this, so I was prepared for the brusque treatment. The dumplings however, were the real star of the night. These are real SOUP dumplings. Not just a small amount of soup-these are the kind that you should eat with a spoon. Joe's has good Xiao Long Bao. But these are Xiao Long Tang Bao. Just be prepared to wait for a seat.
Grab your GPS, your zipcar, the girl you want to impress and drive on out here for a breakfast date/adventure. Come here now. Bring your friends for sweet hot soy milk. For fried dough. For soup dumplings. Do it in the morning for the best Chinese breakfast in NYC.
Better than Joe shanghai, hands down. Cucumbers, soup dumplings, pork or crab flavors, pan fried dumplings, seaweed, scallion pancake beef.. Perfect combo occasional side of soy milk and fried dough. Fresh, great. Problem = crazy busy .. No service.
On opposite day I would say "This place sucks, don't ever go here.  The staff are mean, and they are slow.  The dumplings are thick, cold and have zero flavor."  On reality day I would spend hours going on and on about how floored I was at this place.  This place is filled with angels delivering steamy little purses of heaven to your plate.Go and enjoy (you would be hard pressed not to).  15 orders later and I'm wishing I could be there now.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! My cousins probably get so sick of me when I visit because I am always bugging them about coming here for their amazing soup dumplings. We eat other things there too but the hot, juicy, succulent pockets of pork and soup are the stuff cravings are made of.When we first walk in we ask for several orders of plain pork and pork & crab soup dumplings. They are made fresh so we always order them first to cut down on the waiting time. There are 2 chefs, behind a glass window, who assemble the dough and meat into gorgeous dumplings that they then put into a steamer. Within 10 minutes we are gingerly biting into the piping hot morsels and consuming the deliciousness all while trying not to burn our mouths. My cousins prefer the plain pork ones but I enjoy all the flavors of the crab & pork intermingling. I could probably just fill up on the dumplings but the green onion pancakes and the Shanghai style pork chow mein are also wonderful.Word of advice, the service is very typically Asian and not the greatest, so don't expect much. However, IMO, the food is good enough that it makes up for it.
The food was great. Very tight, busy place, but well worth the time and effort
Holy Jesus, if only I could move right next to this place and grab breakfast every single damn day. The dumplings, the pancakes and the soybean milk = MUY BUENO. I hate going to Flushing because navigating the crowd is complete torture in itself, but whenever I do, this is the one joint that's always on my mind. You know this spot's legit when you can't even properly pronounce its name correctly. I'm Chinese, and I don't even know how to pronounce it. Is it NAN-SHANG or NON-SHONG? But really, who cares? Satisfy the belly of yours and order the food here. You can thank me later.
Good soup dumplings. In my opinion I find nothing distinctly different from Joe's Shanghai. Both are very good
Great Soupy dumplings.  I think ive perfected my way of eating the soupy dumpling from this place.  The dumpling size is just right to do the following.  Bite off the top to allow a spoonful of vinegar to season the soup inside the dumpling and then suck the soup up.  YUMMMMMY.  This way, the soup is not TOO hot cuz its been cooled down a little bit when you opened the dumpling.  and then finish the dumpling with more vinegar =) i like this place a lot more than joe shanghai and to top it off... its cheap.  the beef noodles though, nothing out of the ordinary.  The scallion pancake w/ beef were great.. just a lil bit on the greasy side
The soup dumplings were tasty, but the skin kept breaking despite my effort in trying to be suuuuper careful with them.. :( so there goes 1 star.We also ordered the scallion pancakes with beef dish which was yummy. This place gets another star taken off (sorry) because I was disappointed with the Shanghai noodles. It looked like something I could've whipped up in my kitchen in 10 minutes with leftover stuff from my fridge. Very minimal bok choy & meat.
Came here for lunch around 1:30 on Saturday, March 1, 2014. The place was packed but our party of 3 was seated within 15 mins like the host said (they got this down to a science.) We ordered the pork chop noodle soup, 2 orders of pork soup dumplings and an order of fried pork buns (sorry, I don't know the actual name). The fried pork chops were crispy and delicious but the noodle soup was extremely bland. I would have regretted ordering it if it wasn't considered a godsend by the member of our group who was extremely hungover. The soup dumplings were very good and the fried pork buns were ok, nothing I'd order again next time. And our bill came out to less than $40 making this lunch incredibly awesome.
Any place that serves fried food has to have a decent following of fans and this place is no exception. Nan Xiang Dumpling House serves a wide variety of chinese snacks and appetizer-like dishes.Their Xiao long bao (Soup Dumplings) are great and a definite staple. I'm not sure if they're were better than Joe's Shanghai, but their delicious broth mixed in with ground pork and crab meat were delicious.The fried crispy dough is another delectable worth trying and similar in texture and taste to a sugarless zeppeli. The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef was a perfect blend of what appeared to be hoisin sauce with a slice of beef on a crispy/delicately fried scallion pancake. Purely delicious.Overall if you're looking for a nice greasy snack, or you're hungry and don't want to spend too much, give it a shot, you'll be satisfied. But don't expect a healthy meal, and be warned, if you order the soup dumplings, it might take a while for it to arrive depending on the time of day.
pan fried dumplings were amazing! Soup dumplings are very good as well. The cucumber with garlic cold dish is great!!! Very small menu and not much for customer service. But the food itself is great
come early, beause there is a wait at 3pm.  lol food:  we had the xiaolongbao, 2 orders, and beef roll.   - 5/5, really good.  close to ding tai fung qualityatomopshere - typical chinese place.  i'd rather them focused on food, so i'm ok with it. 3/5service:  4/5 - attentive, friendly, very taiwanese.  definitely a must visit for all people who love food
OMG I miss my beef scallion pancake and steam soup dumping.
We made our semi-annual trip to Flushing, NY and visited all of our usual restaurants. This is always our first stop since we get there around 10 AM each time. I can't believe how crowded this place is no matter the time of day. The soup dumplings are still good and I like how they're different than Joe's Shanghai. The ones at Nan Xiang are lighter in flavor and not as oily as Joe's but I like them both. The fried dough were cold when the server brought them out. I didn't mind them as much since I dip them in the sweet soy bean milk before I eat them. My wife had a difficult time eating them. She said that they caused her indigestion the rest of the day. In hindsight, we probably should have sent them back.Nevertheless, I'll still go back for the dumplings when we visit Flushing again. We always stay at the Best Western around the corner and noticed that the owner and the employees park in the lot next to the hotel behind locked gates. The next I visit, I'm going to ask him if he will let me park there :-)
I've passed by this place often but finally had the gaul to enter. I'm very glad I finally did. Food was great, I had some lamb noodle soup, and 4 fried dumplings. It was absolutely delicious and portions were great.
Love their dumplings, very good and cheap. 4 people bill came out to 35 and we were beyond full
Great stuff all the way except when the line is too long and I can't even stand in the vestibule. 85 percent of the dishes I am very happy with here.
I was initially referred to Nan Shian, not by a foodie buddy with a hard-on for Asian cuisine (of which Yelp has many), but by my mother (bless her heart), who has the streets of Shanghai running though her veins and has been a veteran Flushing diner/shopper for over 10 years. So when a restaurant in Flushing claims to serve real Shanghai soup dumplings, she throws down the Judge Hammer like no other. If my words don't convince you, her stamp of approval should.Coming from a family with deep Shanghai roots, I have extremely high standards for authentic soup dumplings. The necessities:- Thin but strong dumpling skin: The most difficult to imitate and thus the true mark of excellency, the epitome being Shanghai's Din Tai Fung, a near-transparent work of art.- Rich, flavorful, non-greasy broth: Great food begins with great ingredients. This is where Joe's Shanghai has begun lagging, since its broth is now sickeningly greasy. I suspect it's due to cost-cutting/time-saving.Nan Shian's got it all going for them. Just ask my mom. And at under $10 per person to be stuffed, it's definitely good bang for the buck.Others have already described the best method to eat soup dumplings without getting burned, so I'll just add my own slight spin on the technique. Instead of taking a small bite from the top of the dumpling when it's on your spoon (which sometimes still results in slightly burning your lip/tongue), I push my dumpling to one side of the spoon and use my chopsticks to gently stretch the skin until a small hole opens up and the soup broth begins to seep through. Your spoon will fill but not overflow with soup (read the physics of liquids to know why) and then you can slurp it up at your leisure!Second time I came was with my lady and a friend (a Flushing virgin). Stuffed to the brim for 30 bucks total (3 orders of soup dumplings, 3 savory soymilks, 1 fried dough aka you tiao, and 1 app). Still the best Shanghai soup dumplings in NYC.Notes:Never had to wait more than 5-10 min, as I arrived after the peak times (11am-1pm).Order your dumplings ASAP as they are made-to-order. I recommend just telling your hostess how many orders of dumplings you want, the moment you're seated.Don't come here for the fried dumplings or the General Tso's or the pork fried rice or the beef with broccoli. You're asking to be fed trash and you should not be surprised if the staff is happy to oblige.-1 star for service being the Flushing norm aka crappy.
Been writing a lot of reviews about places that used to be better, this is another example.  The "foodies" have found this place and the restaurant has now expanded taking up 3 store fronts.  While seating is now not so much of an issue during dinner time, the quality is not as good as when the first opened with just the one skinny aisle of a restaurant.  The xiao long bao has gotten thinner skinned, flat and the flavor isn't quite there anymore.  I still go for the cold noodles and the salty soymilk. Its still the best xiao long bao around the area, but wishing it was the way they had it when they first opened.
Reasons to go to Nan Xiang for soup dumpling with people who have never had soup dumplings before:- You can tell them the general rules for eating soup dumplings and ridicule them when they mess up ie: whoever has the soupiest dish is the biggest dumpling eating failure and must pay for dinner then proceed to laugh and point every time they mess up and spill the soup- Watch the caution that first timers take when trying to migrate dumpling from steamer to spoon without breaking the dumpling and then cheer loudly when successful.Their small plates were awesome- I had some spicy beef tendon in that unforgivingly spicy ma-lah oil, marinated seaweed, jellyfish, sliced bean curd tossed in sesame oil and everything was soooooo good, my favorite being the spicy beef tendon and bean curd.  They're listed as appetizers on the menu, think of them as lil chinese tapas because you can order a bunch with a bowl of noodles and have yourself a little feast.Anyway, I haven't eaten in Flushing in awhile and was soooooo excited to slurp on some soup dumplings with the family.  I never loved Joe's Shanghai but everyone raved about it back then.  These in my opinion are 20x better.  The broth is light and flavorful and the meat feels soooo much lighter.  I can eat them all not and not feel gross.They also have my favorite breakfast foods, salty soymilk and beef wrapped in scallion pancake and those were yummy as well.  If you've never tried you must go now!!
The food is decent but they always fuck up our order. I ask for a soybean drink. And they bring me a coke. The food here is also a bit greasy for liking
We've been here a few times and it's one of our go to places on our way home from work and we don't feel like cooking dinner at home.The soup dumplings are divine and they are - hands down - the best we've had. The Beef & Chili soup is good. It's big enough to share. It's almost like having a chinese version of ramen.We've also tried the Pork & Cabbage soup. Be warn that it's on the more subtle side of the taste spectrum and it has a lot of cabbage - but the soup base was clean and refreshing.The Pan  Fried Pork Buns were good and a decent compliment to the soup dumplings with it's more hearty chewiness.The Cucumber & Garlic appetizer is an acquired taste. You better love cilantro cause it's covered with it.
This place is pretty awesome. My boyfriend and I used to always get our soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai until we found this little jewel. Now we only go here. Just be prepared to wait, especially on the weekend. The following are some of our favorites:Soup Dumplings: Great! Definitely get an order (or two!) You should order these first even if you haven't decided what else to order yet. They take a while to prepare. Scallion Pancake: Delicious. They are rather big. It already comes cut into 3 parts.Rice cake w/ beef: Kind of greasy but very good. Definitely feeds 2-3 people if you order other items as well.All in all a great place to eat!
No place is worth the sh*tty service ... the xiao long bao was good but not worth the wait and DEFINITELY not worth the crappy service ...I understand if they don't speak english but at least learn how to call out the ticket numbers in english as you DO have english speaking customers waiting in line holding a ticket .. and trust me, even if you stop them and ask them what number they've called out, they will still walk right past you calling out the number in chinese ...screw that.
I decided to test out the assertion that Nan Shian has the best soup dumplings in NYC with a bunch of convives recently. Like many, my major experience with the form was via Joe's Shanghai, a version I still consider after all these years to be rather good.Turns out, they got nothing on Nan Shian.It took quite a while for them to make our order despite us having timed it to hit the restaurant at an off-hour. In the meantime, we got noodles with scallion sauce that were perfectly fine but nothing special. It was more notable for the difficulty of separating it into individual portions, as the noodles were a bit sticky and indeed sometimes seemed like they weren't "noodles" at all but instead a really really long single noodle that we couldn't cut with chopsticks alone.When the soup dumplings finally arrived, they certainly looked the part, with wrappers much more translucent than those at Joe's Shanghai. Indeed, while I was trying to demonstrate proper technique for consuming a soup dumpling to my virginal convives, I was afraid I was going to punch a hole in the dumpling as I picked it up with chopsticks. There are few food experiences sadder than helplessly watching the steaming broth drain out from a soup dumpling, after all. Luckily for my pride, despite the dangerous amount of sagging that the filling subjected the delicate wrapper to, I did get it successfully onto my spoon. After biting a small hole in the side, I took a sip and put on a brave smile as the plasma-hot liquid gave my tongue, oropharynx, and esophagus second-degree burns. Oh well, that's part of the experience.Once the pain died down, I was able to appreciate the depth of the broth's flavor, the diaphanousness of the wrapper, the often-overlooked juiciness of the pork filling itself even when drained. I almost feel like I shouldn't bastardize them with the English term "soup dumplings" and instead just call them xiao long bao.Probability of return within 1 year: 30%, as xiao long bao still aren't really something I dream about, but this is the first place I'll send anyone interested
Great food!Probably the best soup dumpling in town!  definitely worth driving all the way from Brooklyn.  I also love their salty soy bean soup and beef wrapped in pan cake.  cold appetizers are yummy too, very authentic, exactly like what you get in southern China.  There is usually a wait, but tables turn pretty fast, so not too bad of a wait and it's worth it.
THE BEST DUMPLINGS EVER!!Now that they've expanded you still have to expect a wait.  And now BECAUSE they've expanded the kitchen, they can't keep up with the dumpling orders so they'll tell you that the dumplings will take like 20-30 minutes to order (and this is after you've waited outside for like 45 minutes) to dissuade you in ordering these precious tasty pouches of pleasure.  DONT BE FOOLED!! STAY STRONG IN YOUR ORDER! If you've waited outside for 45 minutes and you don't eat at least 2 orders of this juicy goodness PER PERSON, you are an idiot!When we go, we order other stuff too but in all honesty, I would skip everything else and put your stomach to work on the Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao's.  Really, don't waste your time ordering anything else.  The downside?  I live in OC, and even in LA I cannot find a crab meat xiao long bao as good as this.  And oh yeah, I can't even eat regular pork xiao long bao anymore either.Damn you Nan Shian for being so tasty!!
MIchelin recommended 2009 and 2010.  That's a lot of hype.I dropped by with The Notorious PIG and a few friends after the Queens half marathon.  We were famished and ready to "pig out."  I wanted some good Shanghainese brunch food and I was told I needed to be here.  The salty soy bean soup was really good.. even had the homestyle burnt soup aftertaste (or just poorly made and reminiscent of my moms cooking.. lol).  The sticky rice roll also very good.  Larger than the ones I get in Manhattan Chinatown.  Great complement to the soy bean soup and can be shared with 2 ppl.Scallion pancake with sliced beef was delish.  Crispy pancake.. very flavorful beef.  I can't say I would prefer these highly touted XLB's over anything I can get in my hood... but to a more picky XLB eater.. these are definitely 1) less greasy 2) more soupy 3) more compact.  They come in orders of 6 instead of 8.  The task of finishing an order doesn't seem as daunting.. but when was it ever?The pan fried rice cakes were not soft enough.. I would've like that they soak them a little longer. The pan fried pork buns were good.  Actually they are better than i'm typically used to.  They are small and less dough-ie.  The meat is juicy and the bottom of the bun fried to a light crisp.  yum.We also ordered the scallion oil noodle dish.  I could've done without this.  The scallion tasted like "carbon" but that's they way its supposed to be made.  My mom would've said it was fresh.   Ok... so we tried almost half the menu.  Overall good experience.  Not worth the Michelin hype but worthy of yelp praise.  I was initially only going to give 4 stars but I can't think of a Shanghainese restaurant I like more.  5 stars.. as good as it gets!
came back here several months ago and the XLBs were as good as the first time...i bumped them up from 4.5 to 5 stars bc the more i eat XLBs from other establishments...the more i find myself comparing them to nanxiang...and no one comes close...plus, they are made-to-order...since XLBs are their specialty, the turnover rate is high ensuring freshness...conclusion:  NO COMPARISON...NONE...again...make sure to squeeze your way through the narrow waiting/entry area and get a number...you will thank me for this...especially the non mandarin speakers ;-)
I've been coming here ever since they opened about 4 years ago. I remember the long lines, rude waitresses and KICK ASS soup dumplings. For the longest time, I didn't even know they had other food on the menu. The servers are still rude, the dumplings still kick ass, but the lines were alleviated due to their expansion next door. On my most recent visit back to NYC, I pigged out and had about 4 baskets of dumplings myself. I love this place and I hope they never change their recipe.
Shanghai food heaven.Rice cakes, xiao long baos, scallion pancakes, all some of the best.I used to swear by Joe's Shanghai (and I still do,) this place edges it out, but it is a bit smaller, so sometimes you'll have a longer wait to get a table (not to say that I've ever been to Joe's during dinner hours and was able to be seated right away.)One thing to note is you only get 6 dumplings instead of the 8 at Joe's, but I don't mind.The food here reminds me of my time in Shanghai, yes. That good.I can't vouch for the service if you only speak English and cannot understand Chinese, but my Chinese isn't that great and I had no issues, but I can't for the life of me remember if they replied in Chinese or not.
I was in the neighborhood last Saturday morning and I needed breakfast. I figured why not? I walked over and pleasantly no lines to wait. I sat right down and ordered the crab steamed dumplings and a soy milk.Nothing like having fresh dumplings in the morning!!!!  hhmmm hmmm so lip smacking good!!
The best soup dumplings I have ever had.I cannot imagine getting better than this, one has to try to beleive it.Another favorite of mine, their clear chicken soup, outstanding, I later found out they boil ginsen root in it.Their crispy noodles and rice cakes dishes, are the best I have had.This place has a somewaht limited menu, but everything in it is a "must".
I heard a lot of positive press about this place, so the family and I trekked out to Flushing on our annual NYC trip last month to check it out.  The Xiao long bao (dumplings) were indeed very good - we ordered both the pork and crab versions and these were excellent, although the soup broth was a bit greasier than I expected.  We also ordered a noodle dish that I've since forgotten the name of, and this was also very good.  If the service was as good as the food, I wouldn't hesitate to give Nan Shian five stars, but I can't.  It wasn't bad, just indifferent in a way that sort of makes you feel like you're an interloper if you don't speak Chinese.  Everyone there also pretty much ignored us other than bringing tea and water to start, with taking our order a few minutes later and bringing out the food.  It just made for a somewhat uncomfortable dining experience.  So, to recap:Food - Five starsValue - Four starsService - Two stars
Food here is delicious. The Xiao long Bao is probably the best here. Beef dish is also very good. Only problem is loooong lines. Average wait time is about 20min or more on a weekend night. But the wait is worth it. Definitely a good choice.
I came here with my friends for Brunch. The wait was at least 1 hour and we had to stand outside under the sun; very uncomfortable. But once I took that first bite of their pork soup dumpling, I decided it was well worth it! The flavors exploded in my mouth! I will never forget the taste! They are the best soup dumplings that I can remember having!
This is probably the only restaurant open at 8 am in Flushing. It's a great place to go for breakfast. I recommend the jelly fish with cilantro, soy bean milk, and of course the soup dumplings.  Service is always pretty bad, but it is likely because it is so crowded there. They do not take credit cards, so bring cash.
3.75 stars... I can't bear to give it 4 due to its non-existent service.Hubby and I came here again because I was seriously craving some soup dumplings.  On a Tuesday evening, we were able to walk right in with no wait!  Amazing since even after they expanded there is usually a line of about 10 people long outside.We ordered the crab soup dumplings, the Shanghai fried buns, chicken soup, Shanghai fried noodles and a soy milk (for hubs).  Like an overeager fat kid, I burned my tongue on my first soup dumpling.  I can't help it, I haven't eaten one in so long!Everything was good EXCEPT the fried noodles; I'd recommend getting the noodles at Joe's Shanghai -- they're MUCH better there.All in all a great meal, albeit very lackluster service.  Just come here with patience and you'll be fine.
This place is awesome.  Period.Seriously though, if you are dying to have the best xiao leung bao, you need to come here.  Sorry Joe Shanghai, yours cannot compete.  Yes it's unfortunate this place is in Flushing, so it's def a trek to get here from the city, but it was well worth it.  Get here before the rush (and preferably with a small party) if you don't want to wait - for 2 of us, we only waited about 5-10 min when we arrived slightly before noon on a Sunday.  For any of you who are unfamiliar with how seating works at some of these smaller Chinese establishments, you will most likely be seated with strangers.My sister and I are ridiculous eaters, so we ordered enough food for a family of 4.- Sweet (hot) soy milk: I personally don't like this stuff, but we both agreed it seemed kinda watery and lacking flavor.- Xiao leung bao/Pork Soup Dumplings: AWESOME.  I am glad we ordered 2 orders (1 for each of us).  The wrapping/skin is thin and there's plenty of soup in these things!- Beef scallion pancake: felt the need to try this based on the reviews.  It was good although extremely filling.  Probably wasn't the best idea given the other food we wanted to eat.- Shanghai Thick Noodles: good and not overly greasy like most places.- Pan fried pork buns: YUMM.  I was extremely disappointed that Joe Shanghai's didn't have this on the menu bc I treat this as a Shanghainese staple.  The buns were nice and fluffy and the bottoms were properly fried and not too brown.We had all this food for around $30 - the prices are totally reasonable.  We had enough food to take home for another meal.P.S.  CASH ONLY!!!
This is the spot for some soup dumplings. Get the crab ones, you won't regret it. Fresh out of the steamer, the skin is thin and not tough to bite on. A good amount of soup that doesn't contain excessive grease from the meat itself. Expect AT LEAST a 15 minutes wait for your order. But believe me, it is worth the wait. Nothing beats a bunch of asian ladies making your dumplings from scratch in an open kitchen. Things I recommend while you wait for your delicious soup dumplings- a hot/cold soy beans drink. It is healthy and only a DOLLAR! It tastes freshly grinded from the back and not from a pre-packaged container. - scallion pancakes are surprisingly good. not overly saturated with oil. though i'm not a fan of it, too much carbs and it fills you up before the dumplings arrive. - my favorite appitizer has to be the spicy beef and tripes. it is served cold and generous amount of chili oil over it. if you can't handle spicy food, try it anyway! I tend to order the crispy chicken noodles. unlike the lunch special that you get from a ghetto chinese joint, this one is loaded with yummy goodness. Plenty of shredded veggies and chicken. The yellow noodles are perfect, half crispy and half soft over a not overly thick corn-starched sauce. STAY AWAY from Joe's Shanghai and their nasty frozen pre-made soup dumplings that taste like whatever it is sitting next to it in the freezer. As far as service, if you are gonna eat in flushing, it is almost non-existent. But you will get awesome food, a fully and happy belly without breaking your bank...this is the SPOT!
I can't believe i did not review this. My favorite soup dumpling restaurant in flushing. Joe's Shanghai can't even beat this. I am chinese so you better take my word for it. They have pretty limited items on their menu, mostly noodles and chinese appetizers but those are usually good for breakfast and lunch.My usual will be soy bean (warm), scallion pancakes, spicy beef noodle soup or beef rice cake and of course crab  soup dumplings. Enough said, if you don't try it, you will never know.
love the dumplings, beef scallion roll and crispy noodles.
Although the sign has no English, you'll know you're in the right place by the huge line outside the door.  Was it worth the 6 block hike from the hotel and 30 minute wait?  Most definitely!  The hubs and I had the onion cake with beef, spicy beef noodle soup, and juicy pork dumplings.  The onion cake with beef was super tasty.  It was nice and crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  It had a sweet brown sauce, possibly a hoisen sauce?  Anyway, it was good.  The spicy beef noodle soup was not too spicy.  It had just enough kick to it.  The beef in the soup was cut in bite sized pieces and it was very tender.  The noodles were cooked al dente, just the way I like them.  The broth was very tasty, it warmed my soul.  Yum!The juicy dumplings were fresh and super duper juicy.  Be careful because you will burn your taste buds off!  I actually enjoyed them without the dipping sauce.  They were nice and flavorful on their own.  Also, the texture of the skin was perfect, not too thick or thin.  It held everything together very well.    If you're in Queens, this place is definitely worth trying out.  They also had a bunch of other stuff that looked appetizing.
Went here this weekend and WOW. The line was out the door but don't get intimidated. The wait isn't bad at all because they took over the connecting restaurant next door. There is more space on the other side and the food and service is fast. We had 3 adults and 1 baby. They were really accomodating on the hot food and drinks near kids. Must order the soup bun, soy milk, and beef pancake. Great lunch place. Haven't had good food in flushing in a long time!
During college, my friends and I would drive down to Din Tai Fung many post-drinking Sunday mornings.  Xiao long baos were the ultimate hangover cures.    Since moving to Manhattan, I've tried to recreate this Sunday ritual but no places I've tried come anywhere near the deliciousness of DTF. Too big, too thick, too dry, something was always off.  And I'm sad to report that Nan Xiang falls into the "close, but not close enough" category.  The dumplings are pretty thin but they are HUGE, so 6 will be more than enough/person.  There is plentiful juice in every bite at just the right temperature (hot enough to burn your tongue) but the liquid is waay too oily for my liking.  Towards the end of my meal, I could almost feel the oil separating and rising to the top of my stomach.  I tried to emulsify my stomach contents w/ a side order of vinegar cucumbers, but they were soggy and not too flavorful.  The Shanghai rice cakes are also oily but the chewy texture of rice cake contrasting with the crispness of green onions is addicting!  During prime brunch time, prepare to wait ~25-30 minutes for a party of 4. Ten Ren's is just around the corner so get yourself a drink first (sin boba...save your stomach for the dumplings!)
When we can't figure out what to eat, this place is in a pile of our "what to eat" toss up list. Their dumplings are good, and their noodles are pretty good too. Maybe it's because it's been a place frequented so often, and for so many years, that I don't know if it warrants the all five star - but the food is good and has been so consistently. The wait can be long on the weekends, and it has a madness feel to it during peak lunch/dinner hours, but you won't mind it so much once you get your eating thing going.
Xlb here is excellent - as other reviewers have noted, the skin was thin and the innards extra soupy!  We got the pork and the crab meat dumplings.  Delicious!Other highly recommended dishes: Noodle with Scallion Sauce, Cucumber & GarlicI didn't love the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef because I thought they overdid it with the hoisin sauce & it was too sweet, but the three other people I came with enjoyed it.
Absolutely below average restaurant! No service, poor food quality ! How often have you seen "C" sanitation rated Chinese restaurant!  There are a least hundreds of Chinese restaurant around 5 blocks radius, you will be happy not coming here
I love this place because I love their xiao long bao!  I went to New York specifically requesting that I eat dumplings during my trip.  This, however, was my first time at Nan Shian and I swear I ate an entire bamboo steamer of the dumplings and that would mean I ate "6".  I tried both pork and crab and can't decide which I like better.  You bite off the tops of these little babies and pour a little bit of ginger/vinegar inside, drink some of the soup, and take a big bite, careful not to lose any of the soup.  So delicious!Besides the xiao long bao, I also enjoyed the scallion pancake with sliced beef and rice cake with shredded pork.  I love the chewiness of rice cake!I was there for lunch on a weekday so there was no wait and I don't remember service being that bad.  I must go back!
I followed Yelp to check in this place. I tried 3 dishes. Scallion Pancakes; Soup dumplings (crab & pork); Seafood noodles. I only satisfied with soup dumplings. The other two - I only tasted them. Scallion pancakes had puffy/chewy dough with almost no scallion and a small dry slice of beef inside with beijing duck sauce. The taste was ok, but it was not worth to give up my diet. The seafood noodle was bad - cheap frozen noodle with frozen fish and soup with no base. I will pass. After these two dispoointed dish, I had soup dumplings which was very nice. They put a lot of ginger inside which gives good aroma and taste. The dough was not too thick nor thin. The staffs were all nice, but the service was sub-par. I would say soup dumplings - 5 stars; everything else - 2 stars
Great food! The dumplings were awesome and the pancakes were delicious! Will definitely stop by when I'm in town again.
If you are ever in the Queens area and craving soup dumplings, I would definitely try this place. A friend took me here once for the first time, it a bit hard to find in my opinion, away from the hectic streets of main street, but it's a hidden gem! Everything on the menu is super affordable and my favorites are the soup dumplings and scallion noodles. If only I lived in Flushing again, I would eat there every week.
Excellent soup dumplings!!  Don't know what more to say about this place.  The worst part about writing yelp reviews is that it always makes me super hungry.  I could go for some soup dumplings right now.
Many friends recommended this place and since I lived so close and never had a chance to try, I decided to go on a lunch break with my boss one day. Even though it was lunch time and there were a tons of people, we easily got a table since the restaurant was pretty big. We got an order of the crab meat xiao long bao, an order of beef noodle soup and an order of chicken pan fried noodle.. That sounded fairly easy to get done, right? The noodle soup and pan fried noodle came fairly fast and since lunch break does not last forever, soon we finished the noodles. We waited and waited, our xiao long bao never came. I asked our unattentive waitress at least three times that if the order isn't done, it's okay. However, she kept on trying to tell us that it was almost done and just made us sit there for a good 15 mins without food on the table. When she finally came, she almost knocked into a baby and spill it all over. Such a scene gave me chills up my spine. The food was awesome and I will return because of the food only. However, they need to improve on the service. I was really disappointed with the service.
Listen, Nan Shian is in Flushing.No.  Seriously.  Everything you could hope to say about Nan Shian can really be summarized in that first sentence.  When I come here it means an epic subway journey.  Not just leaving Manhattan, no when you step out at the end of the 7 you've culturally left the country.  Its a long ride, but these are soup dumplings worthy of a pilgrimage.  They will ruin you for all other NYC soup dumplings.  You will think back to them fondly and treasure the absent memory.To those who think the service is super slow: you're may be doing it wrong.  In my experience, at Nan Shian they just don't subscribe to the usual"I'm your waiter, I'll drop by and say hello to take your order".  If you want your food to come quickly then do like the locals and flag down a waitress when ever you need anything.  Ready to place your order?  Chances are about 50/50 that no one will come by for it unless you make some serious eye contact and waving motions.  Like I said, this is Flushing. Finally, it is worth reiterating: The place is small and ultra popular, so if you are bringing a large group and expecting to sit down swiftly your expectations may need to be adjusted.  But coming as a group of 2 I've been able to get seated right away even when the line is starting to peak out the door.Five stars for soup dumplings worthy of a journey.
I haven't been back here for quite awhile. On my recent visit the soup dumplings and some of the appetizers are very delicious. The soup dumpling Itself was delicious but the skin Is still thick and sometimes you can see a little of extra dough left on the side of one or two dumpings. You can always scrape it off. Love the taste of the soup inside the soup dumplings. The appetizers we had was the scallion pancake with beef, spicy beef tendons, spicy bamboo shoots, the sweet tofu with bean curd, and the jelly fish with turnip. The spicy dishes are always good. The tofu with bean curd is one of my favorite dishes. It's cold but sweet. This is my first time trying out the jellyfish with turnip and I felt disappointed. There was alot of turnip and so little jellyfish. I had better jellyfishes in other places. The scallion pancake with beef is another of my favorite dishes. It's crispy on the outside and sweet on the Inside. The service was great. It improved alot.
I really like the dumplings especially the crabmeat. These savory pork dumplings are the best! I used to go to another Shanghai dumpling place which has lost its quality. The wait here is always ridiculously long during the weekends. Make sure you come early! This place is the spot for xiao long bao. I usually am a regular. I come here at least once a week and all my family members love this place. A really popular noodle is the shanghai noodle which is stir fried. I would say this is ehhh. Another is the noodle soup which is the cabbage and pork one. One highlight of this noddle is it comes with fresh cabbage and not the preserved type. They get extra kudo points. I can never get tried of this place!
I think Nan Xiang has the most legit Shanghainese "dumpling" (xiao long bao) that you can find in NYC.  Aside from the xiao long bao. the beef pancake, beef noodle and salty soy milk are the must order whenever I go there.  I don't know if its the food ornwhat but theres something about Nan Xiang makes me want to go back once a while.
Hands down, the best xiao long bao ever!I've been a regular customer here for 3+ years now. Trust me, it's worth the wait. Everything on their menu is SO FREAKIN GOOD! Know how many orders of xiao long bao you will need, and order them right when you get seated. It takes a long time for them to make it. Also, I always order the stir fried udon and rice cakes when I go. They're really yummy. The only complaint I have is that some of their servers can be a little rude sometimes, but I think that's because they're so busy running around.
I will give them 4 stars because I had a mild case of food poisoning last time.  I thought my stomach was better than that!  Order:  beef noodle soup (spicy is good but non spicy is even better), chewy handmade tasting noodles in a really beefy broth.  I had a stomach full of soup waving from side to side when I walked out of the place.  It's so good that I was still craving this the next day (while I felt nauseas all day)XLB's because everyone gets them.  They aren't my most fave soup dumplings but they are pretty good.  The meat is flavorful, of course juicy and it tastes "loose"  The wrapper seems to be too cost effective.  I like my XLB wrapper's translucent and thin.  They probably use thicker ones to prevent breaking and leakage.  Soy bean milk to wash down all the msg and salt afterwards :)  YUM, comfort food doesn't get better than this!
"Service isn't so great, but the delicious XLB makes up for it! Stick to the original and don't get the one with the crab. Hands down more tasty than Joe's"
Must try the pork and pork with shrimp soupy buns. Good prices, fast service. Delicious food.
Love this place!  Great food, not to mention awesome prices.  There is always a wait on the weekends but it goes fast because service is fast.I've gotten all the cold appetizers and they are all delicious.  However, the last two times I went they sold out of at least one dish we wanted to order.The chicken soup is surprisingly good.  Tastes really clean and non-oily.  The soup buns are also clean and non-oily.  I want to eat here, like, all the time.
not bad friend took me there had a beef soup  not big on soup but it made me think about checking out more places with soup
An awesome place to eat at for my first time in flushing! Granted, we had to wait about 30-40 minutes because we came in a party for six, but the food came SO QUICKLY that they were easily forgiven. I have a big heart...So I was probably the least chinese in the group and just let my friends order. I'm totally going to get the names wrong.... :(We ordered...1) Spicy beef and tripe: I loved the texture and the cilantro. I polished off the plate at the end of our meal even though I was stuffed! I can't help but eat food when it's sitting right in front of me...2) Chicken soup: mmm light and flavorful. If I was sick and bedbound, I would definitely want this :)3) Pork Chop Noodle Soup: I can imagine how great this would taste on a rain day or after a night of drinking...But would probably pass on this. 4) Noodles with scallion sauce: so simple but so delicious! Do order this one!5) Noodles with beef and green peppers: meh. I think we ordered too many noodle dishes...6) Shanghai noodles: very much preferred these thick noodles over the noodles that were in the soup. Scavenged through all the carbs to pick out the veggies in this dish. Welp, that's my vegetable intake for the day...6) Spicy wontons with peanut sauce: the skin wasn't as soft. But still delicious!7) Crab & pork vs. Pork XLB: I preferred the soup and filling of the crab version. But both of them had SO MUCH SOUP. Couldn't stop slurping. I think I burned my tongue....and spilled soup all over the table. Sigh. Wasted soup! For all this and some soy milk, it ended up being about $14 per person. What a wonderful place to pop my flushing cherry! Heh. Now I need to go eat a salad...
This place gets 3 stars because it was great, but service is declining. It's to be avoided on weekends unless you want to wait 1 hour to get a table. Small plates, soup dumplings, etc are great, but try to go on a weeknight!
I am thankful to all previous yelpers because if not for their write-ups, we wouldn't have known about this place.  Their dumplings and noodles are amazing! It's true they are made fresh and you can definitely taste the difference.  Shame on me for feeding my family instant, microwaveable crap. Like some have said, do not expect kiss-ass service here. Just say what you need whenever you need it.  They won't be coming to your table every now and then to ask "How is everything going for you?"  They have dumplings to roll!  It's really a small place so I imagine it's hard to be seated right away if you come as a group.  Payment is CASH ONLY.  And parking can be found around the corner, on a metered lot.
I was introduced to Nan Shian Dumpling House during the Asian Feastival and loved their steamed pork dumplings.  The wait for dinner was about 15 to 20 minutes on a weekday, looks like they can only accommodate about 50 people in their two rooms.  We ordered their steamed pork dumplings, steamed crabmeat & pork dumplings, the fried crispy noodles with beef and rice cakes with beef.  Both dumpling orders were good, but I definitely liked the crabmeat & pork dumplings more; I think the crabmeat added more flavor into the soup inside.  Both the noodles and rice cake were delish.  Finished it up with an order of the sweet soy bean milk to go.Overall this place is great for some cheap eats; it won't do any damage to the wallet.  The portions could be a tad bigger, but who cares, the food quality is well worth it...more of a reason to order a different variety to try other things.
MJ's Star : 3Price : beef & tripe $5.50, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef $3.50, Steamed crab meat & pork buns $6.25, Beef & Chili pepper noodle soup $5.95 (except tax & tip, cash only)
I've passed this place along that row of restaurants, and realized that it was always packed with a large group of people waiting. Go figure. I heard about it later and wondered did it really live up to the hype? I do like my soup dumplings. These are definitely different from Joe's. Joe, I think we need to talk, no its not you...really its not you....First off, pork dumplings, the purist in me could taste the cabbage more than the pork, and there was sesame oil? It wasn't your basic pork soup bun that's for sure. Very flavorful. Off to the crabmeat one. Damn you taste the crab more. You acknowledge its presence and it commands you to keep eating. Kudos for the soup buns. I'll definitely eat you on a cold day!Ordered the spciy beef noodle. The beef was tender. The noodles were so soft. The peppers were a bit spicy. Its a slow burn that builds up over time. it doesn't hit you all at once. So if you have a low threshold for spicy foods, you may want to share this one with someone. I can't handle spicy foods but this one was pretty tolerable. Then again I'll spicy foods till I cry if its good.This place is definitely worth trying out. Sorry Joe, its not you, its me...I think we need space. I think we need to see other people.
Nobody is kidding about those soup dumplings. I really need to try more than just the scallion pancakes, dumplings, and other "popular" items, but anticipate that they're just as delicious and authentic as what I ate.
Our monthly stopping grounds, I've noticed the crowds are getting bigger and the wait is getting longer... With the little one, we have to get seating for 3 now, so thats another factor to the long wait.. This past weekend, I was hungry and in my "duh duh" mode, wife asks, what number are we, I say 9, the lady is screaming numbers from 23-30 something... So I'm thinking, great, we have a nice wait... The lady starts to shout numbers from one and up, repeating numbers and crossing numbers out since some just leave. then five, five, five and six, six six, the guy that has seven is standing there saying, they left and was soo happy his seven got called, =in they went ... so I'm standing there in my "duh duh" mode with wife and baby, carseat in-tow.... Then the lady goes 12,13 and so on... Wife says, aren't we 9...? I say oh yea, she skipped us in my "duh duh" reply.... I pull out the paper, getting ready to put my hey, I've been here the whole time sort of look... Then to see, I was number six... not nine... Who knows how many more minutes I wasted.. Lady felt bad for me and was very apologetic, I just went along and played it off...When I'm hungry, it's like the world is falling apart for me and I need an energy boost... Just like the video games... I get weak, weaker and enter the extreme "duh duh" mode when I get hungry...Final tally for our meal, which was a record setting sitting for use, 4 orders of soup dumpling, spicy wontons, and one of those side dishes... We got our fix for at least the next month... Our normal order is 3, but 4 was just too much, good but not comfy at all.... -S**tt*ing Lava!!
So very delicious! I'm a fan of soup dumplings and I have to say their pork dumplings are better than Shanghai Joes. They make a terrific crispy beef rice cake that's to die for! Not to mention the very best scallion pancakes.  One downside... I was starving an hour later wishing I got food to go!
For my birthday one year, an ex took me on a soup dumpling tour of Manhattan. We hit about a dozen places in a few hours, which allowed me to understand the traits of a good xiaolongbao. Unfortunately, we did not visit Nan Xiang that time, but if we had, perhaps we might have still been together. I think these are the finest XLBs in NYC, and they have the power to form new relationships and strengthen existing bonds. I'm serious. Go ahead, pluck a stranger off the street and offer an order of the dumplings. You'll have a friend for life. If that doesn't work, the noodles in scallion oil should. Or perhaps the turnip cakes. If you strike out with those, you're better off finding someone else.
Great soup dumplings! I actually came here twice in one weekend. The first time was pretty good, but the second time had even more soup-filled dumplings so it was even better. They had a great array of really good Shanghainese foods also. It gets pretty crowded during the prime dining times (especially on the weekends--Sunday lunch is the heaviest crowd, I think) but the wait is well worth it. If you're a fan of soup dumplings, definitely visit!
Beautiful place, very peaceful environment. Food was great and we didn't wait that long. We didn't really know what to order, but the waitress was very nice and helped us to decide what to get. Our tea cups were filled constantly and that was something that I value a lot. In general, it was a great experience.
Best Soup Dumplings this side of the East Coast!!!!!Nan Shian is a billllllllllllion times better than Joe's Shanghai.  Trust me.  I know my xiao long tang bao.  Nan Shian Dumpling house has the closest soup dumplings to the soup dumplings from the motherland (Taiwan).  Since there are no Din Tai Fung chains on the East Coast - Nan Shian you take the title of best xiao long tang bao in Eastern America.  YUM!  Dear Nan Shian, You make my heart happy :)
You come here for what they are good for -- soup noodles and soup dumplings. The soup in the soup dumplings is really good and the meat quite flavorful, but do not order the crab meat soup dumplings. The crab meat did not taste good. For the guy who wrote that his soup dumplings fell apart as a con - he just doesn't know how to eat soup dumplings. The soy milk is not bad, especially when it is warm, but I hate the skin that slowly forms! The turnip turnovers are really good, if a bit salty. Do not come here for other things - the rice cakes are only so-so, and the jelly fish is a sparse amount compared to the amount of pickled carrots and daikon it is served with. I am not taking any stars off for this, because you should come here for what it is good for!Also, I am not taking any stars off for how long you may have to wait during prime hours, or the small space for seating, because that is what you should expect, and it's pretty good for a small Chinese eatery.
My partner stumbled across Nan Shian when she started a new job over on Prince Street. She immediately dragged me there for a mid-week lunch.  It was cold (or as we say in Queens "it's m*$@therf*@king cold out!") but that didn't deter the folks waiting outside in a line.  The line tells you everything you need to know: families with small children, single working folk, and friends.  We were standing with an older Chinese woman who had stopped on her trek from New Jersey out to Long Island for lunch.  Let's be honest here: if you're looking for a place with good food, you want to see this kind of variety in line waiting to eat there. Especially since you're surrounded by about 400 other restaurants within a three block radius.Other reviewers have mentioned that this place is small. Yes, indeed. Plan to share a table if your party is four people or less. But that's true in most of Flushing's restaurants, and it gives a good excuse to share conversations. And once seated, I did not feel rushed to leave, even with the line out the door and snaking down the block.The manager was delighted to see us. My partner had been there the day before for take-out, and the manager was disappointed that she couldn't stay to eat. When she returned with me she said  "I told you I'd come back," and the the manager smiled and nodded happily.We came of course, for the soup dumplings, listed on the menu under "shanghai dim sum."  We'd been warned in advance that the soup dumplings can take a while to come to the table (they are hand made on order), but standing in the cold for 20 minutes made me hungry, so I also ordered the crispy noodle with shredded chicken.The four empty seats at our table were quickly filled by a family of four (parents with one grandparent and one grandchild) who immediately had the soy milk soup and fried dough served to warm them up.  I was tickled to see that the toddler was given a take-out plastic container with plastic fork and spoon, rather than the usual place setting - and useful for small hands unskilled at opening a soup dumpling! (Not to mention the lack of loud banging that children that age can create with a soup spoon against a small plate.)The crispy noodles were excellent.  They weren't the only noodles in the dish - udon also laced its way through, and the plate was infused with a brothy warmth that loosened the last of the chill that had planted itself in my toes.  Nice capped mushrooms punctuated the dish, cabbage provided a nice alternative crunch to the noodles. The combination of texture and flavor (which I augmented from time to time with the vinegar soy and ginger sauce) filled my mouth very nicely.We were sipping tea after consuming that dish when our soup dumplings arrived, along with the soup dumplings for our table companions. Thin skins, plopping nicely across the soup spoon, made it easy to bite the top and let the broth seep across the spoon. I found the broth to be wonderful  and not greasy. The kill was flavorful, rather than having given up its goodness into the broth.  The dumplings are marvelous, and perfect for a cold day to warm you through and through. I will be coming back here on a regular basis to work my way through the rest of menu.A caveat: my partner and I are often the minority "white faces" in Flushing restaurants, but as long-time Flushing residents, we also have little fear of eating in places where we can't read menus. At Nan Shian, the folks who waited on us understood our English just fine, and spoke English well enough for business purposes.  (Our Asian friends usually get the harder treatment than we do in these places in that "you're too good to speak your parents' tongue" kind of way)  Also, we have lots of patience when it comes to talking with wait staff across language barriers. If you don't, then you have two choices: 1) eat elsewhere or 2) take a deep breath, wear your humility on your sleeve and practice your good manners. Queens is a borough of hard-working immigrants who deserve your respect and gratitude.
best dumpling in queens
I always see a crowd of people waiting to get seats when I walk by and finally got to try it (2x in 2 weeks).  This place is decent ONLY for the pork soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes, but be warned that the soup dumplings take a VERY long time.   My main gripe is that they seem extremely cheap with the ingredients. As I came to the realization that my stir-fried beef with rice cake had 2 tiny pieces of beef that's barely visible to the eye, the table next to me complained to their waitress that their crab soup dumplings had no crab. Unfortunately for them, they got a bite of cardboard instead.  I feel this place does not deserve the Michelin recognition and falls below standard.  I'll be going to the Shanghainese restaurant across the street instead.  No, that place isn't fantastic, but at least I don't have to wait 30 minutes to eat cardboard.
I'm only a fan of the soup dumplings. The Nan Xiang one, not the crab flavor one. There's not much crab flavor in the crab soup dumpling if you compare with Joe's Shanghai's. Breakfast is good with soup dumplings, soy bean drink and beef in scallion pancake. Don't get the leek empanada. That thing doesn't have much filling and the crush wasn't that great. I ordered some soup noodle before and the noodles are too soggy. We also ordered the pan fried pork buns. I think they fried it a little to much and the bottom is all burnt. Other things on the menu are pretty typical Shanghainese stuff. Try not to sit by the door. It gets drafty in the winter. The other room can be stuffy in the summer too. I guess try to sit in the main room away from the doors.
My friends have what they call "Soup Dumpling Night" just so they can get together for, you guessed it, xiao long baos (soup dumplings). Cucumber & Garlic? Good. Spicy Bamboo Shoots? Good. Shanghai Pan Fried Udon? Good.Xiao Long Bao? GOOOOOOOOOOOOD. Get both the pork and crab meat xiao long baos. Don't think. Just do. You'll thank me later. I kept this review short and to the point so that you'd go try Nan Xiang already. So why are you still reading this???
Everyone who comes to NY always insist on going to Joe Shanghai for Shanghainese dumplings but I don't agree that that's the best here.  I think the best as of now would be Nan Shian Dumpling House in Flushing.  Their dishes seem more authentic and the Xiao Long Bao is definitely tastier and their skin is thinner.  I usually order sweet soy milk, xiao long bao (crab meat), fried rice cakes, sour cabbage with pork noodle soup, and  turnip cakes. Of course not just for myself.  The place is cheap and plentiful.  Always a long line. They recently expanded so service is definitely alot slower.  Their standards have gone down because they can't catch up to the crowd.  We went there once at night after the expansion and it turned out ok.  We came to the conclusion that they just can't keep up so alot of the food were either over steamed or just sitting at the counter waiting to be sent out to the table.  So if you want the real experience go at night.
Mediocre at best. Xiao long bao was ok but nothing better than what you get at joe shanghai. Everything else was pretty tasteless... scallion pancakes, pork and cabbage soup, and a rice cake dish are all included in that. I wouldn't make the trek there again. Nan Shian just further proves to me that you can only good/great chinese food on the west coast. Sorry NY, I wish it wasn't true.
worth the long ride out. get the garlic cucumbers and then just go hog nasty on all of the soup dumplings you can
Pretty standard fare. Was told by others that the Pork Soup Dumplings would be better here than the one's at Joe's Shanghai.Nope. I'm sticking to the JS in Chinatown, thank you very much. They are tastier AND you get 8 per serving... not a paltry 6.
Horrible service and not a clean place! we found a piece of metal in one of the dumplings. We showed it to the waiter and he didn't say anything, all he said was I will remove that from your bill. We tried to tell him this is dangerous to other customers and he should tell his owner/manager to do something about it. He reacted like it has nothing to do with him. I'm really disappointed in Nan Xiang. Never go back again!
-The best soup dumpling place in all of NYC. way better than joes shanghai IMO. -There almost always a wait and the place is small so not much room to wait either.  -You can park right across the street in the muni lot. -My regular orders are the crabmeat soup dumplings, spicy beef noodle soup, the cabbage pork noodle soup, and the spicy beef tendon. these things neverrrrrr go wrong. A filling dinner here only costs me and the bf $25 total.-the only thing i dont really like is the cramped seating, and how they sometimes make u share tables with strangers, and the bad/rude service. (They know you're gonna be coming back b/c the food is just that good.)  but rudeness is to be expected at a chinese restaurant in a "chinatown" unfortunately -___-
i wish flushing were closer. came here with the fiance (this is becoming a theme to my yelp reviews) and we ordered the steamed pork dumpling (better than joe shanghai), salty tofu porridge, deep fried bean curd with vegetables (slightly sweet, very oily), and cucumbers (refreshing after all the heavier dishes). Everything was great and CHEAP. I'm only taking off one star because they repeatedly ignored our requests for a water refill. i wish i knew how to speak chinese!
The only good part about rooming in Flushing every time I come to NY is that the Chinese food here is so legit! Nan Xiang certainly exemplifies this rule.Breakfast here is pretty good. I remember I really liked their soy milk and porridge (not together of course, haha.)Their house specialty lies in their name. No need to read between the lines here. The classic pork is probably the best version of xiao long bao I've tried. The dough is thin and flimsy, so picking up the bao without tearing the skin is always a suspenseful challenge (and it's pretty embarrassing if you're Asian and end up spilling all the "soup.")I love their shao mai too. The dough is even thinner; it is literally nothing more than a membrane. The sticky rice inside has a flavor that is well-balanced, so I can go on a marathon eating these. Not so much with the dumplings, which are richer.If you ever go to Flushing, do try the dumpling house even though you have to wait almost forever for seats during peak hours (supper.)
I was very disappointed by the lack of selection of dishes. Despite having the restaurant half empty, the serving was extremely slow, and they forgot to serve the appetizer we ordered yet still charged it to our bill.
I forgot I came here months ago with some colleagues, but my BF has been craving soup dumplings for some time, so we decided to venture into Flushing and try their much acclaimed dumplings. What can I say? Once again, a hit! It was very rainy and cold outside, and I was in the mood for a soup, so we shared a salty soybean milk. I don't particularly like the sweet one in general, but I will always go for the salty one and they made a good one, with chinese breadsticks and fermented small pieces of fermented veggies. We also had a scallion pancake, but they made the wrong order and stuffed it with beef and hoisin sauce, it was a bit too much for me. The soup dumplings were excellent! Alot of soup inside, but it wasn't too greasy and all flavour!. We also tried the veggie steamed dumplings, which happens to be my favorite! They were sooo good!Wow...I understand now why there is a line all the time, even when its pouring cats and dogs out. The food is that good!
oh my goodness this place has salty soy milk! my absolute favorite taiwanese breakfast food EVER, and I have been hunting for this all over the city. It was lacking the pickled radishes and needed a little more texture (more vinegar, maybe?) but I was so satisfied. And only $1.75! The scallion pancake was a little disappointing--lacked the true flakiness and they didn't have the option to add egg to it (sad!) and it only had a couple flecks of scallion. But oh well! The xiao long bao was delicious and filling--much better than Joe's or Shanghai Cafe, with a slightly thicker skin and gushing soup. They were a little expensive ($5.50 for 6 of them) but they're also a little bigger than Joe's or Shanghai Cafe's. And no gimmicks--they stick to pork and pork and crab only.Next time: I noticed that other tables had scallion pancake with sliced beef inside. Will definitely try that, and get the pig ears cold appetizer! Lots of spicy zing and chewy texture that's a fun new thing to try :)as usual in flushing, cash only!
Their spicy beef noodle is mediocre.  Their steamed dumplings are okay.  I sat across an old lady from Beijing, she said she would never eat at this place again.  About their steamed dumplings: I had the pork crab ones, and the crab meat was very little and not fresh, or flavorful.  I've had true steamed dumplings.  I believe this place is very popular with people b/c of the low prices.  Despite this, the service was good, and the restaurant appeared to be clean.
Flushing Fridays!  After a hard week of work,  my friends and I all head over to Flushing for some good and cheap food.  It's a ritual of ours, AND THIS PLACE is one of my FAVS!Out of all the places in NYC, these are my favorite soup dumplings (XLB).  Better than Joe's and Shanghai cafe.  I take my friends from out of town here, and it never lets me down.  Their XLB are always tasty and filled with soup.  Their side dishes are pretty solid too.  From the cold appetizers, I usually get  spicy bamboo shoot.  Or if you don't like spicy, try the jellyfish with turnip, it's light, tasty, and good for hot days.  From the hot apps, I get the pancake (green onion pancake dough) with sliced beef and Hoisin sauce.  Both good and will satisfy you until the main reason you came, the soup dumplings arrive.They have expanded but I haven't experienced the horror stories of waiting an hour yet AFTER sitting down.  You probably still need to get there early or you'll have to wait.   Hopefully I won't have to and they'll get that worked out soon so more people can enjoy their XLBs.
This turns out to be one of our best meals at New York.  Loved the garlicy cucumber, salty soybean, xiao long bao, crispy dough, and rice cakes.  Will come back again next time I visit New York!
Regarding the food: the best xiao long bao's in the country. End of story. Service is quick and the food comes out fast. Not as greasy and doughy as Joe's Shanghai. Bigger portions (and cheaper prices), slightly thicker skin than Din Tai Fung, with the same savory meat and clean tasting soup. Next time I'm in NY over a weekend, it's straight to Flushing for more Nan Xiang dumplings. Plus they have a small Taiwanese breakfast menu offering. A combination of soybean milk, fan tuan's and xiao long bao's equals, quite literally, the best Asian brunch known to man.
The food is pretty decent, no complaints here. I always get their scallion pancake with beef. Crispy, Shanghai style scallion pancake with beef and hoisin sauce in the middle, like a sandwich. Awesomeness.The low rating comes from their service. They're very inattentive to their customers (damn Asians). You can ask for tea, and it won't come. You can ask for the check, and it'll come. You try to order more, but instead they bring you the check. They don't really bother too much with communication unless they recognize you as a regular.My tip is to try to estimate how much you're going to order, and then ask them to leave a teapot or water pitcher on your table so you can just self-serve.
Sooooo good. and very sweet service....As a caucasion english speaking american in this area, I don't always feel as though some stores appreciate my business.. This place not only is delicious but fun to go to....
I'm in love.  I recently went on a dumpling tour in China Town.  Well, not such more legitimate  tour, but I did get vegetable dumplings from 4 different spots, and compared.  Every place, had fresh dumplings, naturally some better than other.  But all spots served god dumplings.  I do not find dumplings like that in Queens.  There are a handful of places I go to for Chinese Take out in Queens.  But, I have yet to find good dumplings.  They are always so thick and doughy.  That rule of course does not apply to Flushing, Queens.  I do not go to  flushing, often.  I go to Chinatown more often. But, I recently went to Nan Xiang.  I did a quick google search for dumplings in flushing and I choose Nan Xiang.  Unfortunately, there website is still under construction.  I had to search some more to find their on line menu.  Once, I did I was able to place an order of Vegetable dumplings, Scallion pancakes, and Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetables.  The pancakes were very soft., and delightful.  The dumplings were great, just as good as the dumplings in Manhattan's China Town. The Bean curd with mixed vegetables was also very good.  However, there was no vegetables at all.  It was shredded firm bean curd, with light seasoning.  Typically, when I get that dish, there are big chunks of sauteed and fried bean curd, with broccoli, snow peas, onions, etc swimming in garlic or brown sauce.   Given the name of the dish, I was expecting some vegetables.  There was nothing in the menu description, indicating that it was shredded bean curd, without actual vegetables.   In any event, I really enjoyed it.   The dumplings had to be good.  It's part of their name.  I love when the filling of a dumpling is as fresh as could be. The same goes for the actual dumpling.
To anyone who loves soup dumplings, this is probably your best bet, short of having to travel to another continent.  The dumplings are nice and soupy.  Also tried the scallion pancake, and it was very good.  The service is rushed and the place really needs to expand, as there is always a line out the door.  Still, I'm going to say that these are the best soup dumplings I've had in NY, and it's absolutely worth a visit.
Alright, this review is based upon two visits, one in the summer of 2007 and in September 2009.  I've read the other reviews and was surprised that this placed received so many good reviews.  Based upon my first visit, in 2007, this place definitely matched up to Joe's Shanghai and Joe's Ginger (the Manhattan locations).  Somehow, something happened during the past two years because when I visited 2 months ago the dumplings were horrible.  The skins were not as thin as they were in the past.  The soup was thin and runny and was nearly translucent.  Pork soup dumplings should have an unclear broth. Finally the meat was good, but not seasoned. Another minus was that they only give you 6 dumplings compared to 8 at Joe's in Manhattan's Chinatown, but I knew this ahead of time.  My benchmark for great soup dumplings remains with Joe's Ginger and Joe's Shanghai.  On any given day, they have their up and down days, such as runny soup or broken skins, but that is only 5% of the time.  Finally, as for the service, it was horrible.  During my second visit, they gave us the wrong order of dumplings. After they promised to replace our order, we waited almost 30 minutes before I got someone's attention and told them we will leave, so they should give us the check without the dumplings.  Only then, did they serve us our dumplings.  That was really bad service and it couldn't be that they didn't notice us, because there was a line out the door and I was sure they were keeping an eye on the tables to turn them over.  Oh well, this proves to me that your restaurant is only as good as the chef and service, as always.
LOVE the food here! Just like the xiao lon bao I get in Shanghai. If you want some Shanghainese foood..just come here.
Our lunch bunch assembled in front of Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, a block away from my office. I've been self-designated the neophyte of the group, 'cause I don't speak Mandarin; it would be best to follow the group.Very clean, efficient and accommodating, the eatery fits the bill. The host lead us to our table for six quickly. Our lead says she's been here several times so, due to our time constraints, pointed us out to the noodle soup entrees.The shop is known for their soup dumplings which they make fresh on the premises.  I and three others promptly chose the seafood soup while the remaining three picked pork chop soup and tofu. Moments later, our waiter served six massive bowls of noodle soup in quick succession. I mean you could  feed the 82nd Airborne and a small Afghan village. The soup based was quite tasty. Light broth with undertones of garlic, shallots and oyster. Noodles mingled with large pieces of fish balls, squid, surimi and shrimp. Quite filling. Lunch accomplished.Parking is available with the municipal lot across the street. The 7 train is a block away while the major Flushing busses terminates nearby.
I will happily take the 7 train to come eat here. HAPPILY, I'm even willing to take the local train. I will not complain that it takes an hour or so. I will not complain that some of the stations are outdoors, therefore when the door opens, a gust of cold wind blows into the train. I will not complain because I have found a new love, Nan Shian. Not only do you satisfy my dumpling cravings, I was surprised and delighted to find some very authentic Taiwanese breakfast items on the menu. Needless to say, on that particular afternoon, I forced my dining companion to consume about half the menu items with me :) entirely worth the less than $30 total. and the insane food coma afterwards
My 4 star rating is PURELY for the soup dumplings ONLY...A lighter soup dumpling compared to Joe Shanghai (which I still adore) both a very good dumpling in my opinion. Although the soup was light it was still  very flavorful. I was able to eat more dumplings here than  at Joe's. The portions are considered small here, they only serve 6 dumplings per order vs Joe's @ 8pcs per order (I didn't check the price comparison). Our noodles came in big plates with little noodles, so I guess if you come with one or two other people the portions are fine, any more and you will need to order extra dishes (btw I'm a pretty big eater). I suggest not to order the scallion pancake, it was fried flour with zero  scallions - no flavor AT ALL. The fried noodles, shanghainese udon noodles , pan stir fried rice cakes, fried dumpling all very mediocre, decent enough to order so your dinner does not ONLY consist of soup dumplings.  Service - Typical asian to asian service  - We asked for the menu to add dishes to our meal (since the dishes were small) the waitress rolled her eyes at us. LOL -- I'm Chinese so I am use to this sort of rude behavior at Asian restaurants. OFC I won't say anything to them during the meal because I definitely do not want to find extra "ingredients" in my dishes. I kept my mouth shut last night, but I definitely had to Yelp about it.Sooo... come here for the SOUP DUMPLINGS period.
Solid dumpling house. Very good soupy dumps. Everything was hot, fresh, flavorful, and well made. Only con I can think of is that the shao mai were kinda weird.
Seriously this is my favorite restaurant in all of queens. I am particularly fond of the turnip puff pastries and of course, the soup dumplings. Unlike other soup dumplings, you won't be feeling full o pork fat when you leave.
After the temple, we decided a couple of hours' rest was required by our stomachs.  After walking around Flushing Mall and perusing multiple knicknacks, we finally made our last stop: Nan Shian Dumpling House.There were some people on line in front of us, and we were all fixated on the table by the glass between the sitting interior and glassed-off passageway where we were waiting.  Two little girls were poking holes in their soup dumplings, making puddles on their dishes, before finally munching on the dumplings.  Then, there was the stir-fried udon looking wonderfully greasy with brown sauce slicking it all.  Really, I don't know how we could have been even thinking of more food, but watching those little girls, I wanted those soup dumplings after all.When we gave our order for one serving of the dumplings, the waitress asked "One?"  After all, there were three of us.  "Yes, one."  "One?"  "Yes, one."When the waitress finally agreed that we would be allowed to share one order of soup dumplings between the three of us, we continued a conversation that needed a conclusion: what is the correct way to hold chopsticks?  Well, I know I don't hold my chopsticks correctly because my father told me so...only to be chastened when I pointed out that I held my chopsticks the same way he did.  It turned out that two of us at the table hold our chopsticks the "incorrect" way with the back parts of our chopsticks crisscrossing while one held it the "correct" way in the manner shown on the chopstick wrapper.  By the way, three Asian women all using their chopsticks on invisible food does not inspire confidence in the serving staff at an Asian restaurant, particularly in the manager who kept on glancing at us to see if we would go postal at any moment.Thankfully, the food arrived after we realized the weird looks we were getting, and we were able to use our chopsticks very delicately (both correctly and incorrectly) on the soup dumplings, making sure not to poke any unwanted holes.  Carefully chewing a hole at the top, we all took a sip of the broth.  Delicious.  Not too heavy, clear perfect broth piping hot.  We slowly sipped the broth, savoring every bit of it before having just enough to chew on all the dumpling.After our second dumpling each, we looked at each other and nodded.  Yes, the waitress was right.  We really needed more than one order of dumplings.  So, we got the crab soup dumplings.In the midst of waiting for our crab soup dumplings, and more weird invisible food chopstick manuvers (it takes a look while for those dumplings to appear given that they are steamed only after the order is placed) I was thinking about a table I had watched while waiting.  One of the guys had been soaking his fried long dough in hot soy milk...it looked so good.  When I said so to my friends, one of them said "Let's order it."  But when the waitress came over, she said, "Can we look at the menu again."  That's how we ended up with the fried long dough, hot soy milk, and stir-fried udon noodles.  The fried long dough was fresh.  So delicious with the hot soy milk.  All of this cost us roughly $25 altogether.  So, lessons learned:1) You really need more than one order of soup dumplings if there are three of you.2) If you wait on line and watch everyone eating, you will end up with more food than you thought possible to consume after a day of nothing but eating in Flushing.3) Do not discuss chopstick techniques on invisible foods at Asian establishments.4) Too much eating does not prevent happiness despite all the groaning.
As a person who was born in Shanghai, I do not recommend the food here. They taste weird as shit. I ordered the Xie fen Xiao long Bao, which means there would be crab in there. I are this thing in Shanghai before, I knew there would be a lot of crabs in there. However, they did not have any crabs. When I asked them, they said it was just like that, and they charged more! It's supposed to be a shanghai restaurant, but all the cooks and waitresses here were from Taiwan. As a result, do not go here.
This place is also known as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao (which translated to Nan Shiang Dumpling House).I came here recently with a friend and he had touted it as the best xiao long bao place ever.  However, my experience was that it was not even as good as Joe's Shanghai.  My friend claims that it was an unusual night - and that normally the xiao long bao is really good.  My main issue with the baos that night was that they all busted at the bottom.  That means they were not constructed well.  Xiao Long Baos should not explode at the bottom.Still, I love xiao long bao even when they are not top notch, and I also did enjoy our other dishes - the cold cucumbers with garlic, pan fried dumplings, and the mushrooms, pork and noodles.  Prices are cheap!  Our whole meal was about $30.  Lines here are long, so go early!
Best authentic xiao long bao in NYC.   Joe's Shanghai has totally sold out to whitey at this point - sells them cheap overpriced garbage because they read about it in some crappy TImeOut review or something, while those in know stay away.  Keep it real and don't ever feel the need to cater to whitey.
Love the soup dumplings and garlic noodles and cucumber with garlic and scallion.What a feat and what a price!Unbeatable.  Please note if you come any time after 6 pm you will be waiting.. and the place is small so be prepared to wait outside as well !
What is that? You are addicted to soup dumplings and you want the breaking bad of all soup dumplings? You'll probably need to go to shanghai for that but until then, we have Nan Xiang Dumpling House. This was one of the places I was wanting to go to when I visited NYC and sweet mother teresa on the hood of a mercedes bens this is some of the best soup dumplings I have ever had. The soup is divine and piping hot. Every time I swing by NYC, this is definitely one place I will stop by forever.
food is good. but have to wait 40 minutes to one hour to get a table for a group of 3. maybe is because this place is too hot.
Hands down the best soup dumplings in NYC area. No jokes. Served and made fresh every day, you can even see the group of 3 middle aged ladies making them in the corner which IMO makes them more BOSS. The crab and pork combo ones are fantastic, paired with some scallion pancakes (again the best in NYC) and fresh pan fried noodles, you cannot go wrong....ever.
great soup dumplings... def a little less greasy than Joes shanghai.  I liked the cold appetizers a lot too.this place would've gotten 5 stars were it not for the shoddy service.  management wasn't too pleasant. **reviews lead me to believe they accept credit cards, when we arrived, a sign on the door said NO CREDIT**all in all i will go back... more than a few times!
Delicious authentic Chinese food can't wait to go back
less oily, bigger in size, less msg after taste than Joe Shanghai or Joe Ginger! Go before 6 pmIf you're concerned about whether these soup dumplings were pre-made and frozen - don't. They prepare them behind the low counter and is served fresh! And it's located right next to Canton Gourmet (best cantonese restaurant in Flushing) for your quick fix rice and dungeness crab satisfaction.
Some of the better xiao long bao in the NYC area.  Great value for the money.
if u are looking for something cheap and delicious, this is the place! I have been there many times and so far i like everything i have ordered. their soup dumping is the best! The place is always crowded but it's worth trying because it's authentic and yummy!!
Four and a half stars for the food, unfortunately the service forces me to round down to just four. Granted I'm used to the typical "Chinese restaurant service" but it more of the speed that I have an issue at Nan Shian. About a 15-20 minute wait for a table and when you order the soup dumplings it takes almost another half an hour to 45 minuates for them to arrive! The reason why I gripe is that I see many people just sitting and waiting at their table for the food to arrive, not evening eating. It seems that they need to readjust their cooking schedule, if they are constantly making batches of the most popular items, that would reduce wait time significantly.Now onto the positives. When the food actually arrives, you are in for a treat! These are definitely the best soup dumplings in the area. Flavorful hot broth and thin skin makes the wait worth it! If you are a soup dumpling noob, make sure to come with an experienced person to teach you the proper way to savor every drop and prevent you from burning your tongue. The Shanghai Fried Udon is also really good here and highly recommended. Just about everything here is better than the competition, not to mention cheaper...If you can head here during a weekday and avoid the wait, you will definitely enjoy it!
This place is known for their xiao long bao( soup dumplings) and the skin of the dumpling has good texture. Everything else they sell, is mehhhhhh. My favorite part of eating here is actually watching the ladies behind the cashier make soup dumplings by hand, its fun to watch!
We were first going to the food court under the Flushing Mall which is bleh so it was a good surprise that my parents changed their minds to come here. Clean place which is hard to find in chinese restaurants.The cold dishes were pretty good. I especially like the sweet bean curd dish with mushrooms and bamboo shoots.The xiao long bao were good too and I would say is on the same level as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. The chao nian gao with pork was superb. BUT my ultimate favorite is the sweet soy bean milk with freshly fried you tiao. This pairing is seriously better than stuff I've had in Taiwan.
Came late on a Friday morning, no line at all to wait. Servers were polite, restaurant was clean and spacious with A rating.Scallion pancake with beef (around $5): The scallion pancake, about the size of a Ti-84 calculator, was very tasty. I would suggest getting it without the beef, as the beef was not all that tender and the beef+sauce detracted from the soft crispiness of the pancake. However, this is too expensive for the size!Steamed pork dumplings aka xiao long bao (around $5): I've never been much of a fan of XLB, but these were pretty good.
In love. I don't know what the "old" soup dumplings used to taste like, but I don't come here for the soup dumplings? Crazy you say? Just try their scallion oil noodles and fried rice cake with chicken. Drool worthy good, I'm drooling just thinking about it right now. Cold dishes are also very worthy investment: for $4, you can pick from a variety of dishes with my favorites being the fried gluten, crispy cucumbers, and garlicky seaweed.Carbohydrate HEAVEN!
Love this place! Great steamed vegetable dumplings and soybean tofu salad (with dry spiced tofu, scallions and chopped greens). Came here for lunch and savored each fabulous bite. Love the soy souce with vinegar and shredded ginger dipping sauce! Service is a bit gruff, but I was expecting that.
Excellent dumplings! They taste different from joe shanghai 's . Theirs are less oily, and more flavored.
I think I actually like this place more than Joe's Shanghai. It seems like the food is more authentic, just because of the crowd. I've been to Joe's Shanghai twice, the one in Flushing and the one in Chinatown, and I still prefer Nan Shian Dumpling House, because Joe's Shanghai seems very Americanized. Just my opinion. If you come to Nan Shian Dumpling House, you need to definitely get their xia long baos! They are so good, with a lot of soup inside. We got the pork and crab one. The crab one had the crab taste, and it actually had crab pieces in it. Both types are phenomenal. The best way to eat it is to place one bao carefully into the soup spoon. Then bite off a tiny piece of the bao. Sip the soup slowly and savor it. I like to put the soy sauce dip into my bao by using a small spoon. The sauce is vinegary, so some people might not like it. After sipping the soup, I put the whole bao in my mouth and chew! So very delicious. I went with a friend and all we ordered were the pork and crab baos, this pork noodle soup, and this fried dough that many people eat with congee, a type of rice porridge. I prefer this place over Joe's because Joe's soup seems very viscous. It's a bit thick for me, and everything was greasy, especially their noodles.
I hope this is the right one..But alls I gots to say is that we got the crab soup dumplings and it was delish. I know soup dumplings can get kind of oily and give you that sticky feeling on your lips..but still, it was the right amount of grease.I think it was about $5 for 7 dumplings?Totally an authentic, mando speaking restaurant, so you're getting real results in your food.
They serve the best XLB aka soup dumplings aka your favorite dumpling's favorite dumpling. #1 in the 5 boroughs for a long time
Excellent xiao long bao, but all the other dishes I had were equally great. Lots of small plates to choose from. Tried their fried pork buns (kind of like shanghai version of cha siu bao), their salty soy milk (not that salty which was good for me), the cold jelly fish and cold spicy beef tripe appetizers. We also had a fried noodle dish with seafood. Some of their other cold appetizers were not available today. Came on a Saturday morning at 11am and managed to get a table with minimal wait, but by the time we left, there was a small line. Waiters speak Mandarin, and are a little hurried - they forgot 1 of our dishes on the original order, but we told them to leave it off the bill. Not many tables here, so would not come here with a big party. I would come again though because food was great.
Thanks, fellow Yelpers!  We never would have gone into this place.  We're European Americans who like Chinese food, but don't know it well.  This place didn't look any different from any other restaurant in Flushing.  But based on your recommendations, we went in.  We are so happy we did!  The place was clean and the service was friendly.  We had the noodles with scallion sauce, rice cakes with shredded pork and steamed pork buns.  So good!  We were stuffed - for $22, including tip.  We ate at way more expensive places on our weekend in New York, and all were good, but Nan Xiang is the one we'll remember.
We are here nearly every weekend during the from Fall through Spring time!  Always ordering the same thing.  2 orders of the soup dumplings, shanghai noodles and scallion pancakes for my daughter -- and maybe additional 2 soup dumplings after we finish the 1st set.The besting thing about this place is that it opens earlier, stroller friendly and now has taken over the restaurant next door!!  So the wait is not as long.Thanks for keeping full and a warm belly!!
Better xiao long bao than Joe's Shanghai!  Very good overall.  Prices are relatively cheap and the seating is nice and simple without feeling too crowded or loud.The wrapper is thin and the soup seasoning is good, but both the meat and soup taste don't have enough of that rich umami taste that require very fresh ingredients.
Best meal all week in NYC after eating some $400 plus meals. The soupy dumplings with their vinegar sauce are in perfect harmony. I just wish they had more varieties of soupy dumpling. Also, we got the rice cakes with shredded chicken. Really tasty, but I think the ratio of cake to chicken was a little out of balance in favor of the cheaper starch. The beef and scallion pancake -  there are no words for how tasty.
Went here the Monday after July 4th so I expected this place to be crowded since most people have this day off. It was a 100 degrees outside and contrary to what someone said, they do have AC but it's just comfortable inside, maybe too hot for some dudes?And.. I was right. Luckily, me and my sister came around 10:45 and as soon as 11:00 rolled around, a long long line started to form. Lucky us. I was craving Xiao Long Bao and I hadn't had any since my trip to Shanghai 2 years ago...and I am happy to report that I was satisfied!!The Xiao Long Bao takes quite a long time to come out so order then ASAP! Pork is best with the vinegar, and the crab/pork combo are best with the ginger soy soy dipping sauce. If you order cold dishes, they come out in a jiffy because they're already made. CAUTION: The main waitress is a mean grouchy lady. I speak some Chinese but I am not fluent so I ended up ordering in English. She was very mean and I had to ask for water twice, which she never delivered. Finally we asked another girl. I noticed with the Chinese speaking patrons, she was a bit more courteous.  Try to avoid her... she's easy to spot ;)Also if you're looking for hot steaming tea, don't count on it. They have the pot ready for you when you sit down, meaning it's a bit lukewarm.
The food is absolutely delicious. And prompt. As for the service, it could be a little better. I apologized for coming close to closing but the waiter was a tad rude constantly rushing us but the other staff members were really friendly. I recommend the beef with chili oil and the crabmeat and pork soup dumplings melt in your mouth.
Had to wait 20mins for my steamed pork buns ($5.50 for 6) but overall, it was worth it ^.^
this is my second time try the soup dumplings, it's still great, but the others dishes just soso.
Nan Shian has finally done something about the long wait to get inside - as of 2/13/10, they've opened up a second dining room in the space once occupied by a less interesting restaurant next door! This is a mixed blessing, though, because they haven't expanded the kitchen or, more importantly, the station where they create those wonderful soup dumplings. Stopping in today for a late lunch, both rooms were full, but there wasn't a line at the door. Upon ordering, my friend and I were told that there was a 45 minute wait for soup dumplings. We couldn't bear the thought of leaving, so got two orders and waited it out with an order of cold, braised tofu with veggies, and a perfectly seasoned bowl of pork & cabbage soup.The dumplings, when they finally arrived, were unfortunately hit or miss. About half of them were flat with little or no broth inside. They were tasty, as always, but the consistency seemed to be an issue with other table's orders as well. We witnessed an argument between two waitresses and four of the women dumpling makers which almost turned physical, over the product that the dumpling girls were serving! It was surreal.All in all, I'll chalk today's visit up to growing pains and will return, but unless they figure it out, my rating will drop significantly in the future.
This place was absolutely delicious! I enjoyed all the food from this place and it's Michelin rated for 2009, 2010, and 2011. I'm looking forward to 2012 as well. We had the soup dumplings and steamed vegetable dumplings which were both very fresh and delicious. Joe Shanghai has good dumplings but this place has awesome everything! I had the Salty Soy Bean Milk and the Sweet Soy Bean Tofu and that was amazing too... I had the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, which was sooo delicious! I highly recommend this place.
First introduction to XLB and this did not disappoint!  Had the crab and pork soup dumplings which were as amazing as most reviewers say in addition to the shanghai udon noodles which were very tasty.  Great for the price and although the service isn't the best the food makes up for it.
The best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) I think I've ever had: piping hot, the skin is thin but spongy and the soup just pours out into your spoon to mix with the vinegar and ginger. I ate the whole order by myself and, based on my neighbors' plates, am very eager to return and try more dishes.
Soup dumplings for the win! Enough said...took about 30 mins to receive them but they were worth the wait. Luckily the dumplings overcame the horrible service we received here.  I'm all about the service....Michelin rated but horrible service. In the words of arnold! " I'll be back!"
Terrible service and food is not that splendid. We had to wait for 10 mins for a table for two and 20 mins for our soup buns. The server almost started a fight with some customers just because they thought the wait time is too long. I tried the Shanghai wonton soup and the wonton is undercooked.
Nanxiang Xiaolongbao probably has THE BEST XLB in New York. I honestly think Joe's Shanghai is a bit overrated. This place simply does not get enough credit. I'm not saying Joe's Shanghai is bad, but I feel like Nanxiang is maybe on the same level as Joes. We went for brunch on a Sunday, and we ordered some lunch items and 2 steamers of XLB. What I like about Nanxiang's XLB is that it's not as fatty as Joes, but that's just my own personal preference. The XLB was extremely juicy and full of soup. Now onto the other dishes. We didn't order much, because we were half full when we were invited to eat here. But we did order was super good. The jellyfish and the beef tripe we ordered were both perfect, so no complaints there. Service was ok for Chinatown. And this restaurant is also cash only.
The soup dumplings here were sooooooo goood. We had both the pork and the pork with crab , but found we preferred the pork on it's own. We'd never had rice cakes before and a nice couple next to us recommended them, they were delicious but not what we expected. As an American when I hear rice cakes, I think of Quakers crunchy rice cakes, but these looked like water chestnuts and were gelatinous in a good way. The brown sauce was so tasty. We also saw some fried U-don noodles that looked to die for. We highly recommend this place, but be prepared for family style seating and a line, worth the wait. The flavors were an explosion of savory comfort, well worth the trip to Flushing
They have the best soup dumplings here. Both the pork and crab meat are good. The pan fried noodle with beef is pretty good. It's extremely busy on weekends so try going on weekdays when it's less crowded and no wait.
So good, oh so good!  This place rocks my socks.  The portions are large, so large that 4 people can share 2 entrees and be satisfied.  The dumplings were AMAZING.  Our party was silent while eating for about 15 minutes straight...now that is saying something!
The Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns (xiao long bao) were decent. But please do not get the Scallion Pancake. One, there were no scallions. Two, they were deep fried. Should be renamed Deep Fried Dough. Also, do not get the Pork and Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce. It's not done at all in the Szechuan style. It is basically hard dumplings in peanut sauce with a hint of spiciness. I would come back for the Xiao Long Bao only and try the Pork Fried Pork Buns and the Fried Rice Cake.
Just like everyone else has already stated: BEST XIA LONG BAO in NY...perhaps the world. Upon arrival, we immediately ordered the soup dumplings and ignored everything else. The dumplings were made fresh by a lady near the register and came out steaming hot. The soup inside the dumplings was so delicious that we ended up licking it off our plates (YEAH THAT GOOD). For 5.50 a serving it was fairly priced considering they are the best I've ever had. Oh yeah be careful of how hot they can be and make sure not to spill any soup!!
We got some other stuff aside from soup dumplings... It was ok... (the other dishes) But we def. Devoured the soup dumplings. I like how the soup in the dumplings are not super thick, and the meat was a good amount and tasty. Had spicy wontons.... it was ok. The soy milk came in a large bowl.... not expecting it,,, but it was so great! Lol we drank it from a spoon. nomnomnomn slurpslurp!
This is my first Yelp review ever! I never felt the need to write something until I had the scallion pancake wrapped beef this weekend! It was phenomenal! The scallion pancake was nice and crisp on the outside and chewy in the middle. The perfect consistency! It was as if they added some mochi to it! We also ordered the crab soup dumplings, shanghai stir fried noodles, spicy beef and tripe dish, salty radish bun thingy, and the red bean flavored ones. Everything was pretty good. The wait time was a fraction of the wait time compared to Joe Shanghai's in Chinatown. I feel like I will definitely need to go out of my way to make a trip to Flushing every time I'm in NYC!
great place for dim sum! especially for soup dumplings!
It's not Joe's!It's not bad but it ain't Joe's. And that's Joe's in Flushing. Not Joe's in Ctown and definitely not Joe's in Midtown.Food taste healthier = bland. Jellyfish app was a joke. They need to rename that shit to Radish with Jellyfish. Not acceptable. Took them 20 minutes to make some fried pork buns while the head chef taught two others how to wrap them. Not acceptable. The scallion pancakes were much too thick and chewy. Not acceptable. Only 6 soup dumplings per basket for same price as Joe's. Not acceptable.
Nice...3 times in a week is sure going to get my attention for a review.  Brag by other that this is the best dumpling, we came here while some visitors wanted to eat in Flushing. With our normal food craw, this is our first stop, and honestly; the dumpling has thin skin but it was ok for me..It wasn't the xiao long bao that got my attention but the crispy donut with sweet soybean milk... I was starving crazy at the table that was eating and don't know why I did not order my own, but reminisces on my childhood memory.. lol... We then left to another location, then my reality came back and I requested to go back few hour later to have that for dessert. lol... I know, silly me; but I finally ate it and I was very very happy.. Although very full from the day of food craw... I came back here another time later the week just to eat it again, but this time w/ the salty soymilk, and so so NOT recommend.. ewllllllllll.... Stay with the sweet soy and crispy donut.. I really enjoy it!
This is one of the best restaurants ever, and so affordable. My husband and I get the cucumber garlic salad, the scallion pancake (SO GOOD), and two orders of soup dumplings (they call them "pork buns" on the menu, if you're reading in english).  I also got the spicy beef noodle soup once, which was incredible. Worth a trip to Flushing, but get there on the early side to avoid lines.
Review is only for the pancake with sliced beef which is excellent.  I really enjoyed the fried crispy ness of the pancake along with the sauce bean paste sauce smothered on tasty sliced beef.  Tip, you gotta eat it quick!
Don't go there when it's the lunch or dinner time because you must be in line. Food is okay but reminds me of thinking of my homeland..
Do not, I repeat, do not, order from this place over the phone.I was in the neighborhood (a likely story) craving the soup dumplings. I called and the line was choppy (first bad omen), then the Chinese/English shouting match ensued. I managed to get the words "Shanghai Steamed Pork Bun" and "Scallion Pancake" out. Ten minutes.Ten minutes later im there, and its another 10. Then I see the receipt. Shanghai Pan Fried Udon and Scallion Pancake. Im thinking two things, didn't I say Pork Bun, and isn't Udon Japanese?Great place, but they need to improve their phone connection and communication.
This place is just as good, if not better than Joe Shanghai, which is one of the best xiao long bao places in the United States.  The soup dumplings here were very solid-- a great texture to the skin, and a very flavorful soup that was complemented by the typical vinegar and ginger blend.  I think  6 xiao long baos came with each order, which was only about $5.50 per order.  Also got the noodles, the scallion pancakes with beef, and the rice cakes.  All were great.  Dinner for a party of 6 was about $15 per person with a bottle of beer per person.  Good times.Only negative is that the place is tiny, so you will likely have to wait for a seat.  Going as a pair is the best way to get a seat, but we had 6 people and they were able to accommodate us.  I think anything over 6 people might be more difficult, and probably not recommended.
We seriously don't think this is the best place to represent the steamed pork soup dumplings. We went there out of curiosity. The dumplings were not flavorful and the meat was processed roughly. We also ordered the stir fry shredded pork rice cake. The result was the same- tons of rice cake but barely any meat or veggies in the dish and it was really greasy. The couple next to us ordered the shredded pork noodle soup and he was complaining he can't find any pork in his noodle soup besides the broth. If this restaurant is in Taiwan today, I bet you no one give them such high rating.
I visited this place on a culinary expedition with a friend of mine who recently moved back to NYC after 3 years living in Beijing.  Our quest:  To find the perfect dumpling.  We did succeed, but not at this particular establishment. Their soup dumplings were very good, maybe even worth returning for.  However, the pan fried pork dumplings were not.  The meat really wasn't very good.  It reminded me of hot dogs--too much salt, not enough flavor.  Also, the garlic cucumber was not as crisp as it should have been.
Crab and Pork Buns, Seaweed with Garlic and Crispy noodles with shredded Pork all rocked. Busy joint, simple with no frills, just good good food.
Yummy xiao long baos. The skin/wrap were nice and thin. The soup was good. It's hard to find xiao long bao with thin skin and good soup. We also ordered scallion pancakes but it wasn't good. Pancakes were not crispy and not much of a taste. Pancakes were lacking of scallions.I can't wait to go back. The only problem is that Flushing is a little too far for me.
I swear I'm no food snob but if you want the best dumplings COME HERE.Delicious scallion pancakes and crispy noodles. Every chicken dish here is amazing. Every soup dish here is amazing.I just hate the wait for a table on the weekends so I recommend getting here a little early, before they get too crowded.
My favorite breakfast place in NYC. Xiaolongbao is awesome, you can see the juice in the baozi. Their youtiao is also very good.
The food is ok, just ok.. But the service is really bad! Don't know why it's cash only and They don't have a sign in the entrance! And the dumpling dough is not even close to what it should be. Again, service is no good! the waiters are just  friggin RUDE!
I had a prescription for a zpak and the place was empty when I tried to fill it. The girl said it would be 15 minutes. I broused around the place and after 25 minutes was told that there was an insurance problem. The pharmacist told me only I could settle it by contacting my benefits coordinator. I emphatically told her that nothing should be wrong and she replied with "If this is what my computer is saying, it must be true. If you don't believe it, go somewhere else". So I took my script and left since I wasn't going to pay out of my pocket. I went to another pharmacy right afterwards with the same prescription. After only 5 minutes waiting, the pharmacist said "you're ll ready sir. There was an insurance issue but all I had to was call them and it fixed the problem. I realized that if that first pharmacist at skyline just made a small effort, could've delivered the same good service as this other pharmacy. 2 thumbs WAY DOWN for Skyline!
Best Soup Dumplings around and arguably some of the best dumplings I've ever had. Place is a little daunting for the not super adventurous but it's worth it. Parking and the wait aside the place is nicely setup and clean. Soup dumplings and fried dumplings were both exceptional. You can see these fluffy concoctions being made right in front of you. Udon looks great but I didn't try it. Turnip cake and scallion pancake were the surprises of the trip. Definitely roll.
I have starting coming earlier and earlier in the morning to avoid the crowds, unfortunately ppl think the same way. Service has increasingly become more and more abrupt and mechanical. The food has suffered - the dough is no longer translucent but thick becoming hard after cooling. Other dishes are greasy and inconsistent. i think i'll wait until i go to Toronto or HK for ding tai fung.
Man, it sucks to be a Korean-American chick living in Flushing Chinatown sometimes, because everybody assumes I'm a Chinese mute who can't speak or understand Chinese, and eating in at Nan Shian Dumpling House was no exception. I was chastised numerous times for "not listening" by the waitresses (according to my Chinese friend who I ate dinner with tonight) as customers needed to get through the cramped quarters. Despite the inevitable, but no less annoying, ethno-linguistic barrier, I enjoyed the steamed pork soup dumplings. It had great flavor, and the soup part was delicious! I preferred the dumplings without the soy sauce-vinegar-ginger mix, because I found the latter to be rather acidic for my taste, but I think I'll like it more as I eat more soup dumplings. It's only a matter of time. As for the kill (the meaty center), I found it to be of a factory-made texture I associate when my mom cooks dumplings from a package, which isn't totally bad. It was good enough, but not phenomenal. I also got to try my friend's Crispy Noodles with Beef, which was greasy but decent. I'm willing to go here again, and see if it really is worth all the hype and accolade the Dumpling House gets. So far, I'm keeping an open mind and hope to visit this place again soon.
I thought this place was good.  Their dumplings definitely rival that of Joe Shanghai (Flushing!).  I thought their rice cakes were good as well.  Their sour cabbage with pork noodle soup was quite bland though.  I think Shanghai Cafe has definitely got on up in this department.  I also ordered the "hong you chao shou,"  which I'm not sure of what the English name would be.  It's basically wonton in a sesame spicy sauce rather than in soup.  I thought the sauce was severely lacking.  The wonton was a bit bland as well.  If you come here, just stick to the soup dumplings with pork and crabmeat and the stir-fry rice cakes.
The best soup dumplings I've ever had. Very nice people working here too and lots of families enjoying dinner.
I found this place on Yelp from all the raving reviews. We are staying in manhattan, visiting from LA. We have eaten at Joe's several times and this place is not any better than Joe's Shanghai NYC. At both places we  shared a table with other patrons. At least at at Joes the tables were round and there was plenty of room at the table for the food. The rectangular table top for 2 was tiny here so the restaurant used petite size steamer baskets. This was the crucial mistake for Xiao Long Baos because the dumplings were stuck together as a result of expansion after steaming. There was no ample space between dumplings in the basket. At Joes the baskets were larger and even larger yet at the Arcadia Din Tai Fung.  Picking up the dumplings without breakage was difficult. Juiceless dumplings were a disappointment. Din Tai Fung has the juiciest dumplings with the thinnest skin.From a technical merit this place is behind Joe's. Why even gamble when the odds are bad on the leaky dumplings. The taste of the dumplings were similar to Joe's. The price is cheaper here but not worth the 1-1/2 hr round trip from NYC to Flushing.Beef noodle soup here was worse than Joes and Joes was pretty bad too. You New Yorkers need to add some spices, cloves and the 5 spice for some flavor! Both places the noodle were over cooked  and soggy. Both Broths lack cloves and the five spice flavor. Dings at Rowland Heights CA has the best beef noodle soup. Din Tai Fung also has better than average beef noodle soup but the price is steep. Stirred fried Shanghai style udon here was too dry and lacked the old soy sauce flavor the cabbage a little carrot and again flavor!. It was definitely better at Joe's. Ding's Noodles in Rowland Heights, CA has the best Shanghai udon.The beef pancake was by far the best here than any other places I have eaten. I highly recommend this over other dishes. Xiao Long Baos was good but I doubt you would have 100% success without any breakage.If you are traveling in NYC then it is not worth your time. Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown is definitely better even if the bill is 10% more expensive.
Definitely one of the better xiaolongbaos I've had in New York. The crab and pork xiaolongbao was more flavorful than the standard pork dumpling. Lots of juice so be careful when eating!The shengjianbaos were awful which is why they didn't get 5 stars. The meat was bland and dry with no soup at all in the dumpling. The dough was also really thick which seems to be a trend for shengjianbaos in NY....stick with the xiaolongbaos!
Arrived at the crack of dawn after dropping my sister off for a flight. I was the first one in the restaurant for XLB and was thrilled. Finally, a place that steams the wrappers properly. The dough didn't stick to my lips unlike every other soup dumpling I've had on this coast, and I was in heaven. The pan fried dumplings and shui mai were also super delicious. Can't wait to go back.
I've came to this restaurant quite a few time already and I've immensely enjoy their soup dumplings every time. Today was one of those days where had a craving for some dumpling and figured this would be the perfect place to satisfy me. Also, my friend Cynthia A. still haven't tried their soup dumpling but has been in that restaurant for noodle soups which took me by surprised. I thought the fact that behind a glass panel you'll noticed that its main attraction would be the dumpling seeing there are a few women there making the dumplings completely visible as well as those bamboo steamers. I think the waiting staff have been more accommodating for westerners as their English seems to improved compared to how it was a few years ago (or at least i think so). Note: i can scarf down 2 orders of crabs soup dumplings and then a noodle soup for just lunch. My favorite noodle soup would be the beef. Also, I love the breakfast style food they have like the soy milk (hot/cold) with the pancakes with beef and eggs. I'm getting hungry as i speak of their menu.. i should stop right about.......now.
B. and I made our second trip to Flushing tonight for a date of soup dumplings since our last trip was ill-fated (as previously reviewed).  Nan Shian Dumpling House is all about the dumplings.  The menu is fairly limited beyond the apps and noodle soups.  We ordered the rice cakes with shredded pork (fabulous) and the crispy noodles with beef (beef chow mein, in other words).  The pork and rice cakes were fabulous.We also ordered two orders of the pork/crab soup dumplings which took a surprisingly long time to come out, but maybe that's because everyone else was ordering them too.  I have read numerous reviews that claim these are the best soup dumplings in the city.  I read an article in the NYT that said that these were the best soup dumplings *outside of China*.  Suffice it to say expectations were high.They were good.  But truthfully, I said in a whisper at our table, I think Grand Szechuan's are better.  These are more crabby, and therefore less greasy - and that's a plus.  But the dough was also doughier than I expected.  They were good, quite good, just not as great as I'd hoped.The pork and rice cakes, on the other hand, was tremendous.
Most underrated soup dumplings in the city. Big, juicy and cheap as hell, what more could you ask for? Take the road less travelled, skip Joe's Shanghai and come here instead.
* (( Rating scale from lower score: A, to higher score: AAAAA ))Foods taste: AAAMust eat: Crab Dumpling (it has soup inside the dumpling).Interior design: AAClearing: AAService: AAPrice: $(Tasted on Sep. 25 2011)
OMG, intense mouth and nose orgasms the whole meal.  Great spicey appetizers (we had the pig's ear and won ton in red sauce), literally PERFECT xiao-long baos that is as beautiful as they are tasty, and a whole inventory of amazing staples such as scallion cakes, dumplings and beef noodle soup.  Literally the best Chinese food I've head in ages.  I left feeling spiritually fulfilled, not a easy feat (since I have been told to have a hollow soul).
The dumplings are good and all but our waitress wouldn't come over to take our order for about fifteen minutes. She did once come by our table but as soon as we started ordering she turned right back around and left. When we finally flagged her down to order the soup dumplings, she got a little upset and lectured us because we hadn't ordered quickly enough. We would have if she had come to take our order. We also specifically ordered one ice water, didn't get it, reminded the waitress and got lukewarm water with no ice. Which is not a big deal except everyone around us had glasses of water with ice in them. It felt weird.I understand it's a busy place and I don't fault the staff for getting crabby by the end of a long Sunday on their feet. But it did feel like she was blowing us off a little bit more than is acceptable.If you are going during the weekend, expect a wait on line. It's a small place with a large following so it's understandable, and there seems to be pretty quick turnover of the tables.Oh yes but the soup dumplings were excellent.
4.5 stars.The first thing you're greeted by as you approach this restaurant is a line out the door and a completely packed restaurant. On the windows, you can see its many accolades: Zagat rated, Michelin guide recommended, praised by NYT, etc.Original Pork Xiaolongbao: You get 6 for $6, so a bit pricer than other places, but you're paying for quality. You can see the cooks fold, pinch, and steam your xiaolongbao right after you order. About 10-15 minutes later, nom nom. The xiaolongbao is served steaming hot with a bed of nappa cabbage underneath and a dish of Chinkiang vinegar (black vinegar) mixed with soy sauce and shredded pickled fresh ginger. The dumpling skin is very thin, so it takes some chopstick skills to pick up your xiaolongbao without poking a hole in the skin and having all the soup pour out. I like to just plop the whole thing in my mouth, have the delicious flavorful broth pour out, and enjoy the gingery pork intermingle with all of the other flavors. I also drink some of the soy vinegar ginger dipping sauce straight while I'm eating the xiaolongbao to add some acidity. Eating good xiaolongbao like this is a transcendent experience. Damn, I'm salivating just thinking about it. Decor is nothing special and neither is service, but this restaurant clearly didn't achieve its cult status by being pretty or nice. It serves up phenomenal xiaolongbao that satisfies even the native Chinese population in Flushing. Highly recommend, especially for 1st-time xiaolongbao eaters.
I like Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan, but Yelpers did not seem to think the Flushing location was as good and rated Nan Shian higher for their soup dumpling, so I went.The experience was disappointing.  Of course I was not expecting great service, but they were just completely unattentive.  I waited in line for 20 minutes, only to be skipped over when some guy walks in, speaks Chinese to the waitress and is seated right away.  What - come on!!!Then I order the soup dumplings and again I'm ignored for at least 30 minutes.  I ask the waiter to check on my order and he says it's coming up.  I see that the waitress again skips me, and serve dumplings to at least 3 tables who were seated after me; I'm furious.  The waiter finally sees that I'm getting impatient and he says my dumplings will be up in one minute.  It comes, but I can't even enjoy it anymore.I love hole in the wall places, and don't expect much in terms of wait service, but Nan Shian was just ridiculous.The soup dumpling tasted fine, but not the best I've had.
I finally found a xiao long bao comparable to Shanghai Cafe Deluxe (Mott st., Chinatown.) While Nan Xiang and Shanghai cafe are very similar, I noticed that Nan Xiang's had more and tastier liquid inside. The crab dumplings were way less 'crabby' than Shanghai Cafe and I'm not sure thats a good thing, still, they were tasty and satisfying. I like the skin better at Shanghai Cafe and because I live closer to Chinatown I eat there more often, but whenever I'm in Flushing I make sure to stop here! Either way both places are way better than Joe's Shanghai!!!
My wife and I stopped by finally to see what the big deal was.  Don't believe the hype about their xiao long bao.First, I *love* xiao long bao.  I've been to Toronto, Shanghai, and of course NYC.  I can speak with some reasonable authority of what makes a good xiao long bao.  I roll my eyes when I see a newbie mangle the poor little dumpling.  I cringe when I see chopsticks being wielded like they're two-pronged forks or wooden mini-fork lifts.  Like the Yin and the Yang, xiao long bao requires both finesse and boldness, perfectly balanced, in the way they are made and the way they should be eaten.The dumpling skin must be delicate, not too thick, not too thin.  Nan Shian's is very delicate, almost perfect.  I give them high marks.  There is plenty of soup inside and they get good marks for that, as well.  In technical execution, they are near-perfect.Where do they fall short?  The flavor.  Oh, how disappointing.  The soup is rather bland.  That is the xiao long bao's big payoff.  The skin should burst into a rich explosion of flavor the moment it is gently punctured by my teeth.  Instead, it was only so-so. What was left then was the meat filling, which was a tad small and lacked much taste at all, even the crab filling, which is the better of the two choices offered.Even then, I'd give the xiao long bao 4-stars because what they do is extremely difficult to execute.  But they they lost a star because of poor service, long waits, and frankly, a better alternative only a few blocks away.  Yes, Joe's Shanghai is nearby, and comparison is inevitable.  While their xiao long bao has its critics, too, I find them superior in flavor and a better value (for about the same price, you get 8, not 6).  Wait can be bad at both places, but at Joe's, once seated, those juicy gems arrive quickly.  Not at Nan Shian.  You may have to wait 20-45 minutes for a table, and then wait as much again for the dumplings to arrive.We'll not likely go back there until the hype is over, and then only to see if anything has changed.  Until then, I'll see you at Joe's.
although i really like the little cold dishes that they have especially the seaweed, i thought their pork buns where ok. I think that joes shanghi's carb pork buns are more flavorful. But this place definitely had great seafood crispy noodles and the cold dishes were great and home made. this is a small place, good for a small group but i think it might be a little crowded for a group of 6 or more. Be sure not to be too hungry if you are going on a weekend the weight might be 20 minutes for a party of 2.
The dumplings and noodles are top notch and dirt cheap. That's what I come here for, and that's pretty much all there is on the menu. Can't come too often, though, because it gets boring fast.
The pan fried version of the soup dumplings are good however the regular soup dumplings here are also good but I am a Joe's Shanghai fan. A lot more variety also at Joe's.
It's so crowded, noone goes there anymore...  It's cramped, you will share tables and they try to turnover fast.  Go there off peak hours, brunch on a weekday, maybe?   They have breakfast foods.  Good xiaolongbao (hot soup buns or soup dumplings), one of the better ones around. Decent cold bar, including good  (kaofu) or baked/braised wheat gluten.  Stir fried rice cakes (niangao) were meh,  not bad, but not great.  Kind of confused with the signs, since it says northern Chinese but they serve lots of Shanghai dishes.
I used to only get soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) from No. 1 East [yelp.com/biz/no-1-east-f… but I think I will come here from now on! These are great: perfectly juicy and flavorful. I also ordered a delicious bowl of seafood noodles...and i have to say, it was the best seafood noodle soup I've had in Flushing: flaky chunks of fish, tender squid, scallops and fresh noodles. Loved it here and will be back! PS,  I braced myself for a long wait (even brought a book with me to pass the time!), but it wasn't bad at all!
I've been here many times and it was always good. I'm usually the only non-Asian and go with my wife [Chinese] and she does the ordering. Dumplings are IMO as good or better than Joe Shanghai's and are priced cheaper.
Holy economical dinner, Batman. That might be the best dollar for dollar dinner I have had in New York. Four of us are stuffed and the total was $31.50! Dumplings were fantastic, make sure you get them. And the cucumbers appetizer were vinegary delicious. I will definitely come again.
I came here twice so far (in the same month). I'm always trying out new places, so if I go somewhere more than once around the same time frame, that's usually a big deal for me.Let me start by saying: I am obsessed, OBSESSED (!!!) with xiao long baos. When I read about how superior Nan Xiang Dumpling House's xlbs were to the other restaurants, I definitely had to make a trip there. I ordered the cold sweet soybean milk (this brought back childhood memories where I used to drink bottles of these), scallion pancakes with beef, xlbs, and fried pork buns. The scallion pancakes with beef were savory. It tasted like peking duck in a deep fried dough. Let's just say that I ate 2/3rds of this... Then came the xlbs. Oh my goodness, this is the best xlb I've ever had! The skin was thin and it was filled with so much broth (the best part). My boyfriend was a novice at eating it, so he shoved the whole thing in his mouth. He wasn't happy when the broth burned his mouth and throat though; so be careful. That thing is steaming hot. What I do is: I nibble on the side of it and sip on the broth (but don't forget to add the vinegary-soy sauce concoction that they give you). Then I devour the whole thing.The pork buns were okay - not as good as the xlbs.If you can't tell, I will definitely be making my third trip here soon.
The dumplings (xiao long bao) were good, particularly the ones with crab and pork. The other menu items were actually better, the red bean puffs were really quite nice, and the onion pancake was better than average. Overall, the food was quite good, but the service was really quite slow. We were finished with a whole pot of tea (two people) before we even got the appetizers. If the food was as prompt as the flavors were good, i would be here often. Instead, I was just watching other people enjoy their food while I sat hungry along side them in a crowded room.Food presentation is decidedly simple, but the food they serve is not meant to be extremely colorful and the decor is no worse than other excellent chinese fare. There was a big sign in the door about allergies posted  in the restaurant, possibly about the peanuts in the food. It was posted only in Spanish for the clientele who were conspicuously absent.
Went here last week, wasn't impressed. Quality has definitely declined. Oh well, on to the next one.
Delicious xiao long baos--the best part of the experience is that they make your dumplings to order--meaning they don't start rolling the meat into the dough until you order. Nothing is pre-made or pre-frozen. It was full of soup, the dough was decently thin and the meat was tasty.We also tried the green onion pancake with beef (pretty good) and the shanghai noodle with pork (pretty good, but a little heavy on the vinegar side. The other food was pretty good, but the dumplings were definitely the major act. I would get some other food other than dumplings though to add some variety into the meal.We waited almost 45 minutes, but it was totally worth it. Just make sure you go inside and take a number from the hostess and stand where you can hear them call your number. If you wait outside, they might call your number and you'll miss it.
Came here with my best friend to try the soup dumplings because we're both obessed! I liked that it was clean (which is rare in Flushing) and that the space was big so we didn't have to wait for a table. However, I feel that the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai are tastier and a better deal. They give you more for about the same price. The ones here are a little bland... and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to come out. Service was also not that great- towards the end of our meal we felt like we were being rushed out because more and more people had arrived.
Nan Shian is easy to miss. Located on Prince Street, it looks almost identical to the other Cantonese, Malaysian, and Taiwanese restaurants on the block. Making it even more elusive is the fact that is has no English sign. Yet, even if you can't read Chinese, this is a restaurant you do not want to pass by. Its fairly easy to identify Nan Shian, not only by sight but also by smell. Simply walk in and take a glance at the tables. On nearly every table you'll find a bamboo steamer filled with six plump, seemingly over-inflated dumplings and the smell of vinegar in the air. These juicy little treasures, filled with pork or crab meat and savory, fatty, fatty soup, are the reason why people flock to Nan Shian.Come with a big appetite and you can't go wrong. Though there is often a wait for a seat in this tiny restaurant, the line moves quickly so you shouldn't have to wait long. Beware the warm, humid days when the door is left open: because of a wind tunnel and poor ventilation, the "sweet" stench of stinky tofu floats in from the next door restaurant which, for me, is rather unpleasant. The good news is that the smell is completely absent inside Nan Shian... just step a little closer to the dining area and you should be ok!Order your dumplings as soon as you sit down as each steamer will take almost twenty minutes to prepare. Fear not, however, if you are especially hungry. While you may have to play the waiting game for the dumplings, the other dishes come out in literally minutes. Because I am a creature of habit, I always order the panfried noodles or ricecakes, my 2nd favorite dish at any Shanghainese joint that never, ever fails me. You won't have too much of a problem ordering because the menu is pretty short, with less than forty choices of noodle soups, stirfried noodles, appetizers, and ricecakes. Smile and order freely since everything is cheap-- nearly everything, including noodle dishes, is below $7 or $8!When your dumplings finally come, don't let them cool off too much. Be careful not to burn yourself from the steam or the hot soup-- there's a lot in these oversized suckers! Make sure to add a tiny spoonful of the soysauce vinegar once you bite off the top-- the contrast in flavors will improve the taste immensely!(Edit - 08/2010- I'm a little lazy to update my review, but since they expanded, I have to admit the quality of food has suffered. Food is no longer transcendent- in fact, its sometimes kind of offensive. The egg/scallion pancake was bland, the dumpling skins were not as delicate, and the stirfried noodles were charred and tasted like the wok hadn't been cleaned in years. The pacing of the food was awkward and service was slow. At least... its still cheap.
I tried Nan Shian on a recommendation from a colleague, and he, like many Yelpers, compared the soup dumplings at Nan Shian to those at Joe's Shanghai and said "there's no comparison." Were they better at Nan Shian? Yes, but I think it's a bit of a mischaracterization to call what they serve at Pell St. Joe's "garbage." Nan Shian's xiao long bao were certainly a little more delicate, the soup a little tastier, the meat more succulent. I would return to Nan Shian and get them again, and I don't live anywhere near Flushing.The seafood noodle soup had some of the most tender squid and scallops I've ever tasted, so that was a pretty memorable dish. I thought the noodles were great too.The scallion pancake with shredded beef was good. The shredded pork with rice cakes was good.
Normally when I visit NYC, I try to stay at a hotel in Manhattan but this time around I decided not to break the bank and live in Flushing instead. First of all, downtown Flushing is overcrowded with dim sum and dumpling restaurants so it is easy to eat at one that represents - FAIL. But not Nan Shian Dumpling house! I'm going to be honest here - the servers are not the friendliest people you've ever met, the restaurant itself is tiny and the wait can be painful. BUT, all that frustration melts away when you take your first bite, or should I say take the sip off of your Xiao Long Bao. Clearly they have to be #*(&@#*( amazing for every Yelp review to have mentioned them. Seriously, I've been to China, I've eaten on  the streets of Taiwan.. this really is what xiao long bao is all about. The meat is juicy with flavor NOT oil. Once you are done orgasming over that little delicacy, some other delicious things to eat would include - cool cucumbers from the appetizers, wontons in a VERY spicy sauce and the fried dough. So ok, I accept, fried dough never tastes bad. But when its not dripping in oil and comes out fresh and warm (not reheated, EW) - it deserves a shout out.On a side note: because its such a small place, you are more than likely to be seated at a shared table. We were seated in the middle of a table for 6, and while our food kept us more than happy, I can easily say I could've done without the cross table conversation people were having over my head.
This place was always crowded, but they expanded the floor. It becomes as double as it was. Soup dumpling is always juicy and good. Don't burn your tongue. They steam your dumpling right after your order. When they are crowded, you may have to wait a little longer.Of course, that's worth it. I also like vegetable noodle soup. Even though they constructed their floor, they do not change the price of food. That is what many people appreciate.
Service comes with attitude but you come here for the soup dumplings because it's too expensive at Joe's Shanghai. A weird dish they serve is the beef noodle soup which instead of chunks of beef meat, it comes with shredded beef.
I don't wish to waste any more time on this place, since i can't get the hour and a half back that I spent waiting for greasy noodles and bland soup dumplings...don't believe the hype!
One of my all time favorite spots in flushing. Do yourself a favor and get the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and either the pan fried udon or the crispy noodles. It *will* be the best decision you make all month.
wow!!::update NECESSARY!::so i have left the good ole' US of A for a little bit (coming on 2 years now) and when i came home for a short vaca, i knew i needed to eat at Nan Xiang again (duh)SO MUCH HAS CHANGED!they now have a menu IN ENGLISH! and chinese, but we all knew that one alreadyadditionally, theyve expanded the restaurant and opened up next door too! woo! that means more seating and more dumplings for ALLjoy and happiness swept me over to know I didnt have to wait outside in the wet/black slush while staring enviously at diners all whilst waiting for my name on the queue to come up!those days are over!expansion = good!final note on the changes, that means TWO bathrooms! additionally, the restaurant had lots of servers, so you'll never go around waving your hand trying to desperately get someone's attention to order or help again! woot!and then again, so little has changed. their dumplings are divine.as i stated earlier, i have been abroad, more specifically, living in Taiwan. Taiwan, the home of the ONLY soupy Xiao Long Bao dumpling restaurant to have received a Michelin fancy pants star: Din Tai Fong. and i say, Nan Xian's soupy dumplings are of equal or EVEN better quality. yum-scrum-dili-umptiousand please dont forget to give the soy (both salty and sweet) a try!
Truly terrible service today.  We were a party of 2.  The wait wasn't bad.  We were seated in 5 minutes, but their waitstaff is rude and inattentive.  Took forever to take our order and no one came to refill our teacups.  Their food isn't as good as it used to be either.  The soup dumplings took half an hour to arrive and they weren't even hot.  Inexcusable.  They don't seem to have a handle on the restaurant since their expansion.
WOW this is the real stuff, as good as taiwan!!!  Probably the first place I've been to in Flushing that I would be willing to trek the hour from Manhttan to go back to.
The wait can get quite long.  ITs a hit or miss. I have waited 10 mins one day and 30 another.   Crab steam dumpling are pretty good.  A variety of noodles - fried or soup.  Some of the items are salty but overall good.  The scallion pancakes with and without beed are a kid's favorite.  Soy bean drink hot or cool!
kinda gotten worst since the beginning. the soup in the xiao long baos aren't as good as they used to be.
best soup dumplings I ever had!! super affordable too.. But there is a wait most of the time, even 3-4pm on a regular weekday. Worth the wait tho ^^
Absolutely one of the best soup dumplings in NYC. Been there the 3rd time & love the pork and crab dumplings. Eating there makes your taste buds feel so happy. Great appetizers and noodles filled the stomach well,
I'm a noobie when it comes to soup dumplings but they were outstanding. First of all I like soup and I like dumplings it's like lamb and tuna fish!
The "xiao long bao" was pretty good.  The beef rice cake was so so, I've had better.  The other small dishes we had were decent.  Just go for the "xiao long bao".  The tab was very decent, about 14 per person, and we ended up extremely full.  Only thing was that they didn't really seat us, we just choose our own table.  This could good or bad depending on how you look at it.
The soup dumplings were really great. I also like pan fried dumplings and those were ok - not bad mind you, but nothing to write home about. Am I writing home?The Shanghai noodles were also in the not bad but not fabulous category. We also ordered chicken soup, which sort of remined me of something you might get in a school cafeteria  - more like chicken bulion. The bill was $20 for 2 people and we were pleasantly stuffed.The line was short when we got there but certainly take heed to what the reviewers are saying - by the time we left, at like 6pm on a very wet and rainy Sunday, the diehards were lining up out in the street umbrellas up.
Went there to introduce dumplings to my non-Asian friend. Service was HORRENDOUS. When I was ordering, the waitress yelled at me to speak louder like I was a 4 year old kid who did something mischievous. Obviously, if I'm repeating my order that means I couldn't hear that the order has been taken. Other workers were rude to the extent that I couldn't enjoy my food.Also, the dumplings aren't that great. It's good but don't order the crab ones; everytime I had those there were crab shells in it.A good restaurant should provide a good environment which includes services; a place to enjoy food outside the house. Might as well just stick to delivery rather than sucking up to the rudeness.
Best XLS for sure. I like them better than Joe's, absolutely. the rest of the food here is generally decent.The various noodle soups are fine, the shanghai rice cakes are a bit greesy, but tasty.I do like the scallion pancake, and my wife likes the "fried bun with chies and egg" and gets it every time we go. Last time we were there, we had this tofu appetizer that I thought was fantastic. it came out of the cold/steam table just to the right of the entrance. I don't know what it's called but I'm going back for it.
Xiao long bao at Nan Shian can kick more ass than the ones at Joe Shanghai. No question.Pros: The food. Soup dumplings are filled with a good amount of soup, and the dumpling skin is thin. Indescribable. Well worth the wait, because there WILL likely be a wait (up to 20 minutes for getting seated, and up to 15 minutes for getting your soup dumpling order[s], since everyone is ordering it). Cons: The setting. There was no air conditioning in the summer; I remember when it was really hot, we were wearing shorts and LITERALLY sweating puddles into the seats. I hope things have changed, because I still want to go back there even when the weather's sizzling. The dumplings are perfect for cold days, but so good that I would go even if the weather's sizzling; I'll just remember to wear some absorbent pants.
The Xiao Long Bao is definitely the best in the NY, or Could be the Best in the Whole U.S.  Am I exaggerated? Arrrr, probably not. Go try it yourself!   The other stuffs are only soso perhaps nothing special which you can eat it in any Shanghainese restaurants.  Hey, why order for something that isn't popular for the place?  The Service is -_-   Just like most other Chinese Restaurants....
Amazing soup dumplings.  We had the pork and the crab...both were delicious but I preferred the pork.  My only regret is not getting the sliced beef on top of the scallion pancakes after reading about how good everyone said it was.  They sat us w complementary hot tea which was great bc it was cold and rainy outside.  You can actually watch the, make the soul dumplings in the first room in the back by the kitchen....pretty cool.  Why when the waitress said "would u like shredded beef on top of those scallion pancakes"? Would I say "no thanks".  iDIOT!  Oh well....I guess I will have to g o back soon.  I also need to decide if they are better than Joel's.  I have had both now and can not decide.  I'm giving the slight edge to nan Xiang bc they are cheaper and seem a little more fresh.
I'm a huge fan of Ding Tai Fung and I have yet to find a spot in New York that will satisfy my xiao long bao craving.  We got the spicy beef and tripe appetizer, green onion pancake with beef, gluten, xiao long bao, vegetables dumplings, and seafood rice cake.  To be honest, I thought everything was just okay.  The xiao long bao definitely tasted better than Joe's Shanghai as the skin was lighter and it was way juicier inside.  However, I thought the onion pancake with beef wasn't very good as it was very doughy and you barely got any beef inside the pancake.  The spicy beef and tripe was decent but yet again not up to par with the ones I've had in LA.  I don't know if I'd come back here again to be honest but it is relatively cheap for the amount of food you're getting.  And, I think it deserves 3 stars.  Very average.
I've been coming here for years.  It's tradition to come here with my best friends after getting a hair cut from Fancy Wave.  My friends grew up eating Taiwanese food, I did not and when I first started frequenting this restaurant I did not expect it to be much different from the Canto style food I'm used to.  Boy was I wrong.My friends come here for their beef noodle soup and their Taiwanese breakfast.  Although, their beef noodles are tasty, hearty with a good amount of chewiness I'm more of a fan of their noodle soup with a side of fried pork chops.  The fried pork chops with the noodle soup evens out the saltiness of the pork making my taste buds very happy.Onto the breakfast dishes.  When I eat you tiao (fried savory type doughnut/cruller), it's always in my congee/jok or it's fried in rice noodles.  The Taiwanese eat you tiao inside a shao bing (toasted sesame seed flat bread) making a double carb dish.  Then you dunk it into a bowl of steaming hot soy bean milk.  Then there's fan tuan which you can either order sweet or savory.  It's basically rice with some type of filling such as lo sung (pork floss), pickles and, you guessed it, you tiao.  All the ingredients are placed together and then you roll it into a cylinder shape using plastic wrap.  If you want their breakfast dishes, be sure to come in the morning or eally afternoon.So why three stars?Although I've never had a bad experience here, my taste buds is not too fond of dishes that are very sweet like the soy bean milk.  I always walk out of this restaurant thinking what snack I can order from another restaurant to satisfy my taste buds.I don't know why my friends and I have avoided ordering the xiao long bao but from reading the other reviews it will be a must for my next visit.
First time venturing out to Queens for food. Leave Manhattan and head to Queens for an oasis of good Chinese and Korean food. The Shanghai Dumplings are the best I have ever had. We also ordered the spicy beed noodle soup and the scallion pancakes. This place is good and worth the drive out of Manhatten. We went on a week day after lunch time and there was no wait.
Best soup dumpling in nyc also have try the spicy beef tripe and fried dimpling, just don't order the jelly fish because there aren't any in it but whole bunch cucumbers.
A well-deserved 5 stars goes to Nan Shian Dumpling House... and oddly enough, not for their dumplings, although they are excellent.  I loved everything that we ordered--dumplings of course, but the stir fried rice cakes and veggies  (not too MSG-y), more noodles (just the right amount of chewy), scallion pancake (excellent crispy to chewy ratio), soy bean milk (so silky), and you tiu (tasty but a little dense)... everything was so authentic and amazing.  It was exactly what I was craving all week long and when I got it it was glorious!!!The only thing is that Flushing is far for Manhattan-ites, and once you get there, there's a crazy long line.  There's not a really large waiting/standing space.  If people lined both sides of the little walkway that leads into the restaurant, a barely thin person might be able to squeeze through, but there's almost always an uncomfortable brushing of body parts.  Also, be warned.  My friends who came with me were not adequately prepared for all of the fried food we were going to eat.  We ate a lot of it.  But it was amazing. If you're from the Bay Area and miss eating food at Ranch 99 or Marina, this is the place for you, but much better.  Oh, did I mention it's cheap?  Three tables full of food and we each paid $11.
The soup dumplings here are the best I've ever had.  Ten times better than Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings.  They pack an amazing amount of soup without the dumpling skin falling apart.  It's about $6 for a set of 6 dumplings which comes out to a buck each...not bad.There's always a wait to get in.  Once you're in, order a noodle dish cause the dumplings take a while to be served, but soo worth it.
this place sucks big time, do not even show your face there, they will rip you off, very expensive and bad service,that is why I am giving them 2 stars.
A lot of people have been raving about the pork soup dumplings, so my friends and I decided to put them to the test. Overall they were not bad, the pork  could have used more seasoning but the broth was tasty. Getting only 6 was a bummer since I am used 8 at Joe Shanghai in chinatown.Would i go back... nope! Their rice cake albeit tasty, tasted like Chow fun which is not a good thing.  I can see the appeal to the untrained palate but this place especially in Flushing should have been better
I'm starting on Yelp by marking up my favorite places.  Nan Xiang is up there.  I would say one of the best in Chinatown.  Originally popular with locals and Chinese Americans, and now with foodies starting to venture over, Nan Xiang has had always had great food, and a menu broad enough to please the Americans (scallion pancake w or w/o beef, soup dumplings, red bean puff) Chinese-Americans (panfried noodles or soup noodles, soup dumplings, sweet soymilk) or the Chinese (fried cruller w/ shaobing, salty soybean milk or soybean pudding, fuqi feipian, bamboo shoots, soup dumplings).  The food is fresh and made constantly throughout the day, and is crisp and has the right flavors.    Not much ambiance and cash only, with some waiting & no-frills service, Nan xiang is a food destination.  But the food is worth it.
i have heard a lot of good feedback from this restaurant, so few weeks ago i finally got to tried it. we ordered 1 order of the soup dumplings, 1 noodle soup, and scallion pancake, we werent hungry so we just ordered a little. the food were good. the soup dumplings were better than some places. but nothing special for the scallion pancake and the noodle. the noodle kind of tasted bland to me tho, but still acceptable. we went in an hour before they close, so when we were still eating they started mop next to us. i understand that they want to go home fast, but the bleach' smell were really strong. overall, i think its not bad.
Best Xiao Long Bao in the city!  Get the house special (Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao)...  As a born shanghaiese, this is closest to the real Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  Love it!  And the price is awesome too!  $3.50 for 6 xiao long bao.  Now that is a deal!
I have since been back, figuring i should at least taste the food once. I ordered 2 crab dumplings, the turnip cake, and the jellyfish appetizer. Everything was unbelievably bad. The turnip cakes, which were little fried turnip dumplings really, were very generic. you could get the same quality at some chinese supermarkets nearby.The jellyfish app is a scam. I know it says jellyfish and turnip salad on the menu, but the ratio of jellyfish to turnip was about 1:3 , meaning 3 quarters of the plate was just turnip. Worse is, it's all mixed together so i can't even just fish out the jellyfish.The dumplings, which came about 45 minutes later. had absolutely no crab taste to it. Now, i've had these at joe's, din tai fung, some local places in shanghai, and whether good or bad, they all had a very crabby flavor. The ones here, you couldn't tell whether it was the standard or the crab. Service is nonexistent here. Right off the bat, we were missing utensils. While taking an order for 3 items, the waitress left one out. Tea service is nonexistent. You can open the lid or tilt it or whatnot, but nobody checks unless you ask. Asking for the check took about 10 minutes, and collecting the money was about another 10. Very disorganized staff.I have a feeling a lot of people come here because it looks like the real thing. Behind glass windows, guys wearing masks are constantly making the dumplings, and they have tons of steamers going at it. Unfortunately, they just don't deliver in taste. When that happens, I usually let them make up a bit in service. Sadly, they don't deliver there either.I'm done with this place. Never going back again.
Awesome soup dumplings. I've also tried the beef pancake, crispy chow mein noodle, and various other dumplings. A quick tip, I believe the crab soup dumplings are more expensive but to my dismay did not have crab in them (at least i didn't notice it). They seemed to top it with a little crab, but it was still made of pork soup.  Other than that, love this place!
A half dozen juicy little dumplings hit the spot after a long flight from SFO to JFK. Nan Shian was the first stop I made after getting off my 5 hour flight. I love xiao long bao! You bite into each one and it's an explosion of soupy goodness. MMmmmm. If you have a passion for soup dumplings like I do Nan Shian Dumpling is a must try.
The soup dumplings are pretty good (I'm a total snob--I've eaten at the original Ding Tai Fung in Taipei all my life so color me spoiled) but the little "cold" dishes are what makes this place really special.  Just be ready for  lots of noisy Chinese people and at random times, a long ass wait.
In a land of strange characters and new smells, Nan Xiang Dumpling House can be easily overlooked.  I lived in China, I love dumplings, and I love the Nan Xiang Dumpling House... even if the waitress did spill my soy bean drink on my pants (it was an accident, she swears!).   I come to Flushing for work quite frequently, and I am usually in the bind of telling a bunch of Chinese where the best Chinese food in Flushing is.  Doing this as a non-Chinese gives you a very thin margin for error, but when people are hungry for dumplings, this is where I come!  Their technical skill is actually very refined, as you will see the thinness of the dough and how much soup they are able to fit in each dumpling.  There isn't much room to go astray here because as long as you are ordering dumplings, you are going to be OK!  A great addition is the spring onion pancakes, which are some of the best I've EVER had.
The shao lung baos are VERY authentic to what you'll find in Shanghai/Taipei. The pork and crab varieties are the best. They make the skin very very thing compared to other wannabe dumpling places who make thick bun-style skins.I also had the beef noodle soup, which is ok, but not much to rave about. The soup base has a spicy hint. Prices are very reasonable for great food as compared to other dumpling places with sad dumplings that charge an arm and leg.
they are always so busy so you might need to wait for the seating, but that's okay with me. I only go there for Soup dumplings~soup dumplings ONLY....I tried their noodles and lo mien(?)and some side orders before, meh, I don't think I like any of those. I thought I've said that before..but yea soup dumplings only.
I have been back several times to take out. The take out service is fast and they havent screwed up my order yet. The dumplings hold well, which was unexpected. As always, the food is delicious.  I will continue to go here.
i always make a stop here when visiting my mom. this time, we also tried the shanghai rice cakes and the cucumber salad which were super simple dishes but very delicious. the downside about filling up on all the other delicious carb plates is that the soup dumplings come last which by then you are too full to enjoy them which was the case the last time. since i do not like food waste, i stuffed myself with the last dumpling and oh so did not feel so good afterwards.
Yes, the soup dumplings are fantastic. This place is very popular and very crowded, though, so plan accordingly.
The best version of my current favorite chinese food.The soup dumplings here are very excellent although occasionally a bit uneven (thick skin, not enough soup, weirdly fishy  crab ones). And sloooow. The rest of the menu is pretty stock, I've had the pan-fried noodles, raman, fried dumplings, dim sum dumplings with peanut sauce, scallion pancake with beef, fried pork chop soup, and all of it was pretty hit or miss and nothings amazing in the bunch. But the soup dumplings are worth the 4 stars. When they're right the skins are the thinnest, the soup is the savoriest and richest, and the meat is perfect- tender and tasty and not the slightest bit chewy.
Amazing!  Beef and scallion pancakes a must although everything was great! Well worth the wait.
Heads up...this place isn't called "Noodle House", in fact, there isn't even any English on their storefront. If you're looking for the Shanghainese restaurant, do so by address; also the store's sign is red and there is a little bamboo fountain in front of the storefront.Craving some xiao long bao (soup dumplings), my family and I came here on a Sunday evening after a nice, relaxing day at SpaCastle. We checked Joe's Shanghai first, but, as usual, it was as packed as the 6 train at rush hour, only madder--people yelling, customers gesticulating angrily, ticket and hand waving. I chuckled as I imagined their surprise when they were finally seated only to learn that they would be joined by another 6 randoms for some really tight quarters.Continuing down to Prince Street, we arrived at a slightly crowded Nan Shian Dumpling House (surprisingly busy for mid-evening Sunday). The decor is kind of bare-bones, but it's well lit and looks clean. The place seats no more than 30 people--a bit tight, but manageable. If it's crowded, you may have to share a table. Luckily, the wait wasn't too bad, it was about 15 minutes for a party of four and the turnover was pretty quick. *If there's a line, make sure you go in and grab a number. You'll have to squeeze through the narrow corridor and make uncomfortable body contact with others, but it's a small price to pay for possibly the best soup dumplings in the city.How does one judge a soup dumpling? As with all dumplings, the key is to have the thinnest wrapper as possible while making sure there is a good amount of meat. Also, the dumpling must not break...otherwise, the soup or juicy goodness will be lost.Well, this place's xiao long bao (on their menu: steamed pork buns and steamed crab meat & pork buns) have unbelievably delicate wrappers, delicious soup, and tasty meat. The toughest part of enjoying one of these suckers (no pun intended) is transferring the soup bun from the steaming basket to your spoon and then biting it correctly to make sure you can enjoy all the soup without losing it all over the plate or burning your tongue. When I went there, the soup buns took longer than expected because they were actually wrapping the soup buns in order to steam them as we ordered them. I'm not sure if this is standard protocol, but they were absolutely fresh.Their potstickers/pan fried dumplings, having the same wrapper properties as the soup dumplings, also were quite good. The crispy noodles w. pork and shitake mushrooms were also fantastic. This is one of the best and most authentic Chinese dishes, definitely one that the corner take-out place won't have...unless you live in Flushing. Finishing my meal with a warm bowl of sweet soy bean milk was the perfect ending to a satisfying meal and a perfect way to steel myself against the cold.Avoid the wait at Shanghai Joe's and come here!
Great handmade soup dumplings, though be careful because they rip easily. I highly recommend the spicy beef tendons and rice cakes.
Soup dumplings is why i come here. They're good, not great but the service is quick enough to warrant me to visit from time to time. The cold appetizers are good enough to try as well. The noodle dishes are so-so and the scallion pancake was way too greasy! I'll see ya on the waiting line because they almost always have a line waiting for tables!
This place was pretty much amazing.Went tonight (Thursday) and it wasn't overcrowded by was definitely busy.Their XLB have a very thin skin and the soup is amazing inside. I had the pork which were great, also tried the vegetable dumplings which I could've ordered myself. Ladies were making the dumplings right next to the table which was cool to watch their mad skills. Also tried the pan fried noodles, which I believe they make themselves also, and they were pretty good too. I can't say that I've had Shanghai Joe's or any of the other famous ones in the City but I can tell you it will be hard to live up to this place!!GO! Take the 7 out to Flushing you will not be disappointed!!!
If it's your first time having xiao long bao, I'd suggest observing some of the other customers for strategies before attempting to eat yourself. Like some other yelpers I burnt my mouth on my first dumpling, but after tasting the soup (after it cooled!) and the delicious meat inside all was forgiven. They were truly delicious and a very unique experience. The xiao mai is delicious as well! The service is not super great, but hey, that's not really what you're there for anyway right?
I admit that I had higher hopes for this place, given the string reviews and long lines. I swung by around 8 pm, wanting to try the soup dumplings. Given that it was still crowded, I placed a to go order which seemed to annoy the hostess for some reason. I was oddly pleased by the 15 minute wait for my food...to me, this implies careful preparation of what I am sure is an art. However, when I got back to my hotel room to eat, every attempt to pick up a dumpling resulted in a small perforation forming and precious dumpling innards to spill out!!  I had to forgo chopsticks and carefully use a spoon (as well as pour sauce over all the dumplings, versus dipping them) to avoid eating empty dumplingsI do wonder if given the physics of placing these in an airtight container for 5 minutes, if this is why these holes developed.  Or perhaps these dumplings are more fragile than the ones on Houston that I am used to...
Hands down this is My Favorite Shanghai Food place in Queens.I recommend all my clients to come here for the soup dumplings and so far they haven't complainedI believe this place was featured in the New York times magazine a while back since there was a rush of out-of-town customers all lined-up for the hype.Believe the hype. Must eats:1) Soup dumplings( Regular and with crab meat)- Comparing to Joe's shanghai and the ones i've had around the city this soup dumpling has a less thick/greasy broth. The dough is thinner too which means I can ingest more of this goodness !2) Red Bean Pancake ( Not the pastry kind but the flat ones deep fried to golden perfection. It isnt too sweet either)Come try the items recommended here you won't be disappointed!
This place is populated by locals and for good reason. If you are a fan of xiao lonb bao, this is the place to go in Queens. The food is cheap and delicious. I'm vegetarian and was pleasantly surprised(all you carnivores out there, mark my words!) to find excellent vegetable dumplings, steamed to perfection and in the perfect casing of a thin, tasty dough wrapper. In other places it's thick dough surrounding a mediocre and oversalted filling. My boyfriend had tried their signature xiao long bao--said it was tasty(and this was his second tasting meal) but raved more about the steamed vegetarian dumplings. I think he had not quite mastered the art of slurping up the soup from the dumpling and eating the hot little morsel at the same time. Though by his fourth one, he had learned from the locals. Expect a wait if you order the xiao long bao..the veggie dumplings came out sooner. So kick back, order some appetizers and wait for those hard working cooks to make your belly happy. Flushing is indeed a food mecca.
best soup dumplings i've ever had! the meat was yummy, the shell was perfectly doughy, and the soup was in abundance. it took FOREVER to get a seat, and FOREVER to get the dumplings, but it was totally worth it. every bit of dumpling was a tiny piece of heaven. lots of people ordered noodles dishes as well. maybe next time ill some noodles with my soup dumplings!!
Just came back from Nan Xiang, actually went because of the reviews on Yelp. All my Chinese friends from work recommended Joe's Shanghai, but this had better reviews so I wanted to try it. Not impressed. The food was good but not the best. The Shumai was my favorite of all dishes. We had both crab and pork dumplings and I was disappointed. Maybe its because I'm used to having with shrimp, but it had no flavor and it was not sticky. when have this dish the soup is usually really yummy and makes lips sticky.  It was neither here. We also had the spicy wontons and all I could taste was peanut butter. We also had the noodles with chili oil which were good not great. The restaurant is very clean, the seating is comfortable and they are fast but the food is ok. Wish I had gone into NYC Chinatown instead.
I love going to this place for Xiao Long Bao and other delicious little dishes. I prefer the original soup dumplings without the crab meat, the flavor is good and the skin is just right. I also like the soy milk and the soy custard here. The spicy bamboo shoot is also very delicious and the scallion pancake is nice a crispy. There are some things on the menu that are not that wonderful but I guess some people like it. For example the sweet sticky rice roll is basically a fried curler dipped in sugar and wrapped in sticky rice. Also, the availability of the items listed on their menu is inconsistent, somehow they are always out of something that I want. I have never tried the jelly fish since they never seem to have it. However, they always have the soup dumplings, and despite the poor service and the issues I mentioned, I still go back for more dumplings. I stopped by for some soup dumplings this Saturday and saw that they were closed (They appear to be doing some renovation). Hopefully, they will be open the next time I visit flushing.
I love soup dumplings and these...were heaven.My family went late morning on a sunday and there was a crowd of people already waiting outside.  We were told that we'd only have to wait 10-15 minutes but it ended up being more than 30 minutes.  It was still worth it because the dumplings are made to order and come piping hot to your table.  You have to be careful transferring the dumpling into your spoon and I like to bite off the top, pour some of the sauce in and then drink the soup!  The skin is not too tough or too delicate and the meat is adequately flavored and the broth is sinfully delicious.  The price is very affordable as well giving you six large soup dumplings for $5.50.  The only downsides are that the restaurant is small, crowded, smells like vinegar and the staff is rushed, rude and doesn't speak English well.  Also, my brother has been there a few other times and says that most of the other items on the menu are average so if you come here, come for the soup dumplings.
Very yummy xiao long baos! Minus one star because of slow service. But it's worth the wait for the freshly made dumplings.
Came here with high expectations cause everyone raves about their soup dumplings.They only give you 6? Kind of a ripoff, even more so when you compare it to Joe's Shanghai. Plus, the soup tastes oily, instead of meat flavored like it should. So if I remember correctly, it's about $5.50 for 6 soup dumplings that don't taste too great, I think you're better off going to Joe's Shanghai; they have 8 soup dumplings for $4.65, and they taste twice as good, not even exaggerating.Not coming here again.
This location has one of the best soup dumplings in Flushing.  Their noodles soups are very popular too (not the best quality but still satisfying).  Can't say much for their other dishes which I didn't find too good.  I'm only a fan of the items I mentioned.
Good place. We had tried Joe's Shanghai multiple times before and wanted to try a different place for soup dumplings. I think this is a good place if you have sudden craving for soup dumplings. They make the dumplings fresh and you can actually see the chefs cooking them. Will come back here for a second round :)
Definitely good, definitely hot. As a tip - i would wait at least 2 minutes before picking these up with the tongs. they serve them immediately out of the steamer and the skin is delicate in the beginning. only reason why they didnt get 5 stars - i like joe's shanghai on pell street better and dont have to go all the way to flushing to get them
My friend was already raving about this place before we got off the 7 train. You know? I don't think the soup dumpling (xiao long bao) did anything for me here. It was "os os". Off day? I thought the meat was bland. Again. Maybe it was an off night --- I don't know.
Our cousins took us here to try what they call the best dumplings in NY, supposedly better than Joe's Shanghai.  I cant say that it's better but it is rather juicy and flavorful.  The service is much better than Joe's but the wait is much longer.  We only tried the dumplings but my mother in law tried the pork buns and said it is the best she's had.  I would come back next time and try more.
It's hard not to compare the dumplings from this place to the ones from Joe's Shanghai, but really the broth from the two places are quite different so I think this place is definitely a must-try if you're into xiao long bao. The price is definitely cheaper and you get to see them form the dumplings by hand right in the back of the restaurant! The past two times I've been here, once after the dinner rush (around 8pm) and once in the middle of a weekday afternoon, its been crowded but my friends and I were still seated right away. Be aware, however, that its a small restaurant and you might have to rub elbows with the people sitting right next to you. I highly suggest the bamboo shoots in chili oil as an appetizer and the beef with rice sticks dish as an entree. Once we saw the group next to us order the bamboo shoots we immediately knew we had to order it- they're fresh and it turns out to be a very nice light appetizer to start the meal. The xiao long bao had the longest wait- it was the last item that came to the table- but the wait was well worth it. Its much less greasy and rich-tasting than the crab and pork dumplings at Joe's Shanghai.
Ok this really is the best soup dumpling in nyc. Hands down.  Joe's shanghai- you better watch out.  However!!!!Warning*** Everything else is either Ok or subpar.I had the wine chicken... it wasn't good.A couple of other things we ordered were ok, but it's really all about the soup dumplings. 4 stars for soup dumplings, 2.5 for everythign else
Delicious. Soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are great, though I wish they were a little bit smaller. The scallion & beef pancake is out of control as are the braised soybeans. While you're waiting, look at the different appetizers sitting in the food cart in the front of the restaurant next to the hostess station. Pick out what you want. Eat it. I think the next time I'm there, I'm getting the tripe, it really looks delicious.
Not much to say that hasn't been said. Came here last night for takeout. Got the steamed pork buns (soup dumplings). Soup dumplings are always better fresh and in the restaurant, but these even held up as takeout. Better than Joe's Shanghai, in my opinion.
Great dumplings. Looooong lines. Still worth it.
the best soup dumplings out there. the density of the filling, thickness of the skin, flavor of the broth - all nailed. everything we ordered was pretty hard to swallow. worth the wait- don't be discouraged!
Can't say I'm a fan of the service. Been here a multitude of times and there have been times when they've forgot to put in a dish that I've ordered. Once they forgot to put the my order of pork chop noodles in and another, they forgot to put in my order of jellyfish (which is RIGHT there, visible to diners). When I asked for the items to be canceled because we were almost finished with our food and the dishes still have not arrived (even though they were reminded), they were most displeased with me. Tough sh*t. Cups are also stained and once I had lipstick that had not been washed off on mine. Just my luck, huh? . There's a staff member there (tall for an Asian guy) who holds seats for his friends/ staff's friends. I listened in on the conversation when we were supposed to be seated next. The hostess in front told the guy to call the friend on his cell. Seriously? Also, they let people jump ahead of the line by ripping 2-3 tickets off and discreetly (not discreetly enough for me) handing them in the order they deem appropriate. That being said, the soup dumplings and the appetizers are good. Everything else is pretty much standard Taiwanese/Fujianese fare.
Food was AMAZING!!! We don't eat pork so our choices were Vegetable dumplings, rice cake with beef & fried noodles with chicken, and beef pepper soup. Delicious!!! Will definitely go back.
Came here bc a friend told me their soup dumplings were better than Joes. They were really mind you but i liked Joes better. Their beef and scallion pancake was really unique and delicious but service was crap.But hey, its Chinatown.  The prices were cheap too! Always a plus.
Ever since I tried the soup dumplings here I've been 'chasing the dragon' in Chinatowns from Toronto to Miami, to always come back to Flushing, Queens.Hands down, best soup dumplings ever. They are made to order, the filling is delicious, the skin is thin, there is a ton of delicious soup and yet the dumpling never breaks before it's time. I have no idea how they pull it off.The rest of the food is delicious as well. I am a fan of the scallion pancake with beef and the taro pastries and the beef noodle soup. But the dumplings.... wow.I am taking off a star for consistently making us share tables with people and less then pleasant service.Although, I might consider giving it back - for being the place that helped me perfect my 'I'm not pleased' grunt.
The food is decent.  I personally prefer the crabmeat soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai
As mentioned in a lot of reviews, there is usually a line to get a table.  But it is worth the wait.  We went there after 10 on a Friday night, and still waited about a half hour.  Wait to get our food was not that long.  Soup dumplings are as good as Joe's Shanghai but not as pretentious.  Beef and scallion pancakes are good but a little too doughy. My daughter loved the pork noodle soup.
Best soup dumplings ever!  Pops in your mouth and you are slurping every last warm drop.  Be ready to wait in line though...
As you would expect this is a very busy place.  But it well worth any wait.  I am still thinking about the udon noodles.
When I heard that there was a soup dumpling place better than Joe's Shanghai, I had to go there.  While the wait was definitely much shorter than at Joe's, the soup dumplings were only okay and definitely not as good as Joe's in my opinion.  Oh well.
The soup dumplings are just okay, not great. And don't get me started on the service; they didn't bother to greet us at all when we got there, after we've asked twice, the cashier seems annoyed and gave us a number. The waitress is worse, yelled to make us waiting out of the restaurant, and never bothered to let us know when is our turn. We had to go in and ask once in a while, and they genuinely, truly seem to be dis-like their customers. I will NOT go back again, for my soup dumpling fix there are tons of other places both in Chinatown and Flushing.
Great prices! Super clean for cheap food! SO yummy!!!How do they do it?Their dumplings are out of this world delicious.  I'm Chinese and i'm a foodie so it takes a lot to bring me to eat here twice in one day...and then 4 days later another visit.  I travel to China 4 times a year and all i do is Work and eat.Get the XLB is bomb...THe scallion pancake uhm uhm good...and get all the side dishes that appeal to your eye.  Most likely it will be delicious.I have dreams of living closer to this dumpling heaven :( but i live in LA now...
The Xiao long bao here is very tasty and the crispy noodles were also good.  Would recommend this place if you are in Flushing!
Great soup dumplings! I also had the scallion pancake, it was very good too. Definetly will be back.
Probably the worst service out of any Flushing restaurant. Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are definitely top notch, but their wait staff is rude, unattentive, and basically completely useless. Other than the xiao long bao, the menu doesn't have much to offer. Their chicken soup is pretty good tho. Lately, it's been taking 25-30 minutes for the xiao long bao orders to come to the table, which is much longer than the wait times before. I'd give the soup dumplings 5 stars and the service 0 stars, so I'll average it out and round up to give them 3 stars. This is the one restaurant where I would whip out my phone to make sure I don't give them more than a 15% tip. I refuse to even give them a penny more.
They don't even need my review...but they deserve it. Best pork soupy dumplings I've had in NYC. Their pan fried dumplings are exquisite, as are the fresh wontons in spicy peanut sauce. Again, the best I've had in NYC.  Also try the cold spicy beef 'n tripe even if you're not a huge organ meat person. It's surprising. It's great. Vegetable dumplings are awesome too but must be gotten hot and eaten right away or they go down a notch more seriously than the other dumplings here.
Mehhh.  My friend raved about the soup dumplings here, so I trekked all the way to Queens to eat it.  First of all, they only take cash, so my friend and I had to run to the bank.  Came back and ordered the soup dumplings and shanghai pan fried noodles.  The soup dumplings are good, but not to die for.  I mean I don't think it's worth an hour long trip for.  The pan fried noodles were....whatever.  It tasted like something you could just get at panda express.  Actually I'm sorry but I prefer panda express' chow mein over this.  But the place was poppin so it seems like a local favorite.  I didn't like the service.  It was pretty shoddy.  The waitress was completely unfriendly, creating a not so comfortable dining experience.  My friend concluded: Welcome to New York.
Slow. Slow. The staff just don't care. They stand around chatting and can't be bothered to bring food out until it's been sitting around for a while after preparation. Soup dumplings were very disappointing. Too big and rustic to be considered good. A cold chicken dish was mostly bones-kind of a rip off. Hot dishes were really mediocre. Not the worst meal ever but there's lots better out there.
In my opinion better than joes shanghai.  Onion pancake has good fluffy consistency.  Beef with pickled turnip noodle is amongst the best here.  favorite place to bring my friends from out of town.
We've noticed Nan Shian for a while now but never had the chance to actually visit until yesterday. I'm a sucker for a good xiao long bao and this place seemed to be constantly packed so expectations were pretty high I must admit. Even at almost 3pm you had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table. The space is pretty small though which explains the constant wait and you'll be sitting elbow to elbow with strangers (unless you have a party of 4 or 6).The highly touted xiao long bao are freshly made in a little alcove next to the dining area where 3-4 workers are busy at all times. When done, they're relatively large, plump and chock full of soupy goodness. They're definitely quite good but my current favorite still remains at the Shanghai Cuisine in Chinatown. My favorite of all time was from the Peking Duck House (also in Chinatown) back before they moved locations, but that was decades ago. But you won't go wrong with these. We ordered one each of the regular and crab egg and truthfully, I couldn't tell much of a difference between the two.We also ordered the spicy wontons (disappointing due to addition of peanut sauce), the chicken soup (quite good with ginseng and other herbs), and a spicy cow stomach cold platter (very good although a bit different than what we've had in other places).Overall it was a pretty good meal. Next time (if we have the time to wait around again), we'll try out their breakfast fare (sao bin yeou tiaou) with sweet soy milk. Plus their stir-fried noodles look very good as well.
the soup dumplings (aka xiao long bao) are pretty solid, on par with Joe's Shanghai.  The crab meat is better than the pork.My favorite dish is the pan fried shanghai noodles.  Serving size is small though.  If I order two appetizers (for myself) and one order of the noodles, I'll be okay, but any less and I need more.  The other things I have tried (and I've tried most of the menu) is okay.   Also, when compared with other Chinese food places, the prices are considered very pricey.  Make sure you have plenty of time if you want to hit this place up because the lines are almost always at least 20 minutes long, often longer.
The xiaolong bai was of course great. However everything else was forgettable. Noodle soup dishes came out way too salty. The shanghai udon noodle dish was nothing special. I'm not sure its not worth it to wait online just for xiao long bao. Might as well goto joe's the main dishes are better.
A group of 8 decided to have a mini-college reunion at this particular dumpling house on a Saturday night. Wait wasn't too bad (maybe 20 minutes) at 8pm. We ordered several dishes including crab and pork dumplings. Honestly, they were one of the BEST dumplings I've ever tasted! I always thought Joe Shanghai and Din Tai Fung (in LA) were pretty good, but I think Nan Shian tops them all! When we got our bill, it came out to be $12/person.... so cheap!The only part I didn't like about this place was that we had to wait a good hour for those dumplings, but I guess it was worth the wait.
I don't know what happened to this place.  I use to like it but recent trip there has not been as good.   Something changed.   Nov 2013.
It was 40 degrees and freezing outside and we saw a line nearly out the door on a Wednesday (or tues?) night and we had to follow the crowd. Good thing we did. We waited a little less than 20 mins. The waiters were very efficient. We ordered the soup dumplings (of course...gotta order what's in their damn name!), the spicy bean curd with edamame, tripe/intestine, chicken with rice cake, and 2 soybean milks. Mmmmm it was DAMN goooood! That's all I have to say :) now you know where to get some good shanghai food.
Hubby and I went here after the US Open tonight since I was craving soup dumplings and read such rave reviews on yelp.  Flushing was only one stop away so it seemed like the perfect opportunity.Here's my breakdown:1) pork & crab soup dumplings - they were good and had a nice skin but I prefer Shanghai Cafe's soup dumplings. I feel like theirs is more flavorful.2) scallion pancakes with beef - Pretty good but a bit oily for my preference.  3) sweet soy milk (cold) - it seemed watered down and very weak compared to others I've had.  It was so-so.So unfortunately, I'm breaking the 4 & 5 star ratings trend.  Maybe my expectations were too high but it wasn't worth the hype for me.  I'll be going to Shanghai cafe for my soup dumplings in Chinatown or going to White Bear for spicy wontons if I'm in the neighborhood.
I don't understand what people are raving about...I ordered the xlb and an iced soy milk to go. When I got home, all the buns popped and the pink meat residue leaked out. I ate all six buns and got a stomach ache the next morning. It was probably the late night snacking but still marking this a bad experience.
Way better than Joe's Shanghai!  Don't even think Joe's Shanghai when you think soup dumplings.  THIS IS the place to be.  I've converted 10 or more people into believers.  Try the homemade soy milk, it's good but the Soup Dumplings are the best in NYC bar none!
One of my favorite places in flushing.  Best to come during the weekdays or early morning in the weekend.  Otherwise there is a wait even thought they expanded and there is more seating!  Only after they expanded have I attempted to bring my kids with me otherwise with their old space forget it.  There wasn't even even elbow room since the tables were ontop of each other.  My favorite picks...Pork & cabbage noodle soupNoodle with scallion sauceAppetizer - spicy beef & TripeScallion pancake with sliced beefSweet soy bean milk.  Red bean puff
Ahh, the xiao long bao from Nan Xiang Dumpling House... I have heard a lot about and been longing to try it. They were closed for renovation the first time I went and now I finally tried them. I only ordered what they were famous for; xiao long bao with crab meat. We got only 6 xiao long bao per order, but they were slight bigger. The soup inside was very delicious and pipping hot. The meat was soft. The crab meat was lacking and we found some soft shells from the crab. I barely tasted the crab meat in some of them. The dumpling skin was thick and not smooth at all. Also did I mention, my cup of tea smelled like dish washing soup.
Everything here except for the scallion pancakes was amazing! This place used to be much better years ago. They increased prices and the quality has slightly decreased, but it's still delicious and recommend it.
i've been here twice...once in january 2010 and more recently, yesterday.both times we ordered the pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes.  both are really good, especially the beef scallion pancakes (despite feeling your arteries clog up as you eat them).  i can't really taste the difference between the freshly made soup dumplings at nan xiang and the soup dumplings at joe's shanghai in chinatown.  yesterday's wait for the dumplings was a solid 30 minutes, while the first time was about 15 minutes.  i'd suggest that nan xiang adopt joe's method of reducing this wait by taking the soup dumpling order while customers wait on line or just as they're being seated.i'm on a search for the beef scallion pancakes elsewhere.  otherwise, unless i'm in the area, i wouldn't trek to nan xiang.
I've been going to this place for a while now. Best soup dumplings in NY. Its worth it even though they don't take credit cards, needs more wait staff, and faster service. They recently expanded into the space next door and now no more 30min wait time for a table.
I haven't been to Chinatown's Joe Shanghai in ages, because this place is closer to me and has the best soup dumplings in NYC.
Thanks John W. and Diana T. I would've never found this place if it weren't for your reviews. This place has, hands down, the BEST soup dumplings I've ever tasted. I brought my gramps who's lived in Taipei most of his life and he compared it favorably to the best place there. The veggie steamed dumplings were also out of this world. Yes, I said VEGGIE! This means a lot because as you know, vegetarians have awful taste in food and I'm the anti-Vegetarian. I'd eat my baby sister before I'd eat baby spinach. Good thing I don't have a baby sister. Their noodles were delicious but they didn't have the beef noodle soup I'm used to having. They had a beef noodle soup, but it was weird - sauteed, then tossed in the bowl of noodes. It was tasty, though.
Some of the best xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) I've ever had.  Pretty decent scallion pancakes too.  The waitresses were kind of irritated that we had such a big group, but I wouldn't expect any less from a busy Chinese restaurant in the middle of flusshing.
Sooooo good! Great food! Great prices! Go with someone who knows what to order or you'll be totally lost. This was all comfort food for me that I haven't had in forever! Was so happy to find it! Just wish it wasn't so far from us!
Wow! I can't believe after eating in Flushing almost every week, I first find out about this place now, but it was extremely good, fresh and delicious - my new go to spot for Shanghai cuisine.
Deeeeelicious. At a little under $6 for a steamer basket of 6, the pork soup dumplings were just about the best things you could get anywhere for that price. Thin skin that didn't break and had just the right consistency, plenty of flavorful fatty broth inside, and a right-sized ball of pork to end. I think this is the best place outside of LA's DinTaiFeng to get soup dumplings. We also ordered the fish salted cabbage noodle soup which was umami at its best (add a little bit of vinegar to it to complement the slightly sweet broth), garlic cucumber cold dish and scallion pancakes. We had already been eating for 3 hours at various other joints in Flushing so we didn't get a chance to try more of the menu; sounds like I have to come back!
Chinese CuisineIn Chinese this place is known as 'Nanxiang Xiao Long Bao', with a literal translation of 'soup dumpling'  Totally nothing related to the english name of the restaurant, yet it does serve noodles, but it's specialty is the soup dumplings.A friend of mine recommended this place because he had been going here for a while now.  I have to say their soup dumplings are the best I have ever had.  Better than Joe's Shanghai (tourist trap) and Shanghai Cafe (my last favorite).  I measure soup dumplings by the amount of broth that exists in it, the taste of the broth and the size of the dumplings and this place has it all right.The dumpling price is on par with most places $4.50, however you are given 6 instead of the traditional 8 dumplings.  That is a slight negative, but for me, if the dumpling is so good, I can forgive that fact.  The dumpling skin is thin enough to hold the abundance of soup without being punctured and is not too thick like some places.  When you pour the soup out from your spoon, it fills it up and then some.  If the dumpling doesn't have much soup in it, it's crap, you are just eating a regular dumpling!  You can even see the soup filled up inside the dumpling before you pick it up.  The pork medallion is just sized right and it even has scallions in it!  it was really good.I suggest not ordering the rice cakes here, as it is a bit overcooked and too soy saucy.  Not recommended to order that.  It's not my preference the way they cook it.Otherwise, this place has suddenly become my new place for Taiwanese breakfast.  The sesame bread and beef was well done.  The scallion pancake wrapped with beef was ok.  King 5 across the street does it a little better, as the scallion pancake is more flavorful.  We also had the chive and egg dumpling which was the best out of all the places I've tried.  Alot of scallion, the crust of the dumpling was not too thick and doughy.  This place is a slight hole in the wall, limited seating for about maybe 25 at most and sometimes really busy during prime lunchtime on weekends, but it is well worth the trek to Flushing.  I'm sorry to say, but if you go to Joe's Shanghai, you aren't having good soup dumplings.
So here's my opinion: If you're looking for the best xlb in the city, go to Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan. BUT, Nan Xiang is close behind and is pretty good and tasty. Get the two kinds, maybe some chicken soup, scallion pancake, pan fried buns, and stay away from the seaweed and garlic.
The soup dumplings are great. Made to order, it took 30 min before we got our order on a Friday night. We only waited a few min for our table but there was a line waiting for tables when we left at 11 pm. One star off for the spotty service; they left out our cold appetizer order.
Best soup dumplings in NYC. Much more refined and sophisticated than my second favorite XLB at Shanghai Cafe
5 stars for the xiao long bao. The other things on the menu are decent, but they're not why you come here. The place gets crowded, especially on weekends, and the dumplings take a little while to come out, so be prepared to wait a bit. All in all, a fun place with great xiao long bao and prices to match.
The crispy noodles with beef and the rice cake with beef were great. They had the same greasy brown sauce which really hit the spot after a 2 month Chinese food hiatus. On the other hand the crispy beef pastry did not go down so well. The sweet and crispy crust did not go well with the oily and savory beef inside. The rice dumplings were flavorless and mushy, and the wontons w/ peanut sauce were also flavorless and too spicy. The chefs here apparently do not taste and season the food. A little bit of salt could really have brought out the flavors, it's really a shame.The soup dumplings... the main reason people come here were off. The soup was slightly too tart and the meat was not as savory as Joe's Shanghai's. I got tired of eating these after the first ~3 and struggled to eat the rest. One person in our group could only eat 2 and she was done. Stick with Joe's Shanghai for soup dumplings, it's worth the wait.To summarize, I felt like each dish was missing something. Everything tasted "off." My guess was that it was so busy the chefs did not have time to carefully prepare the food.
Absolutely amazing soup dumplings and scallion pancake with beef.  Will definitely be returning to Flushing just so I can eat here again.
My FAVORITE xiao long bao place!!!  After I discovered the restaurant, I completely forgot about the existence of Joe's Shanghai for their soup dumplings (in fact I stopped going there for almost 5 years now) - it's nothing comparable.  The soup in those soup dumplings tastes so much "cleaner" while the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai tend to be more oily to me.  I usually go there with couple of friends and order so much, and the bill comes still light.  Most of noodle bowls are really good, too, and other cold appetizers like Crashed Cucumber and Drunken Chicken are great.  The service is ok - I would say their service is "practical" instead of pleasing their customers.  Most of the waiters understand English.  It is usually very crowded with full of hungry people during weekends.  Every time I go there during their peak time, I want to laugh because there is this big mirror all over the wall - while you wait there, you can see your "hunger" and "envy" written all over on your face in the mirror, and actually you can almost look like a ghost staring at people who are eating the xiao long bao already.  But it's worth the wait, definitely, even we all can look like ghosts in the mirror.
It was about a 10 minute wait in the beginning, but not too bad. We used the time to look at the menu and scope out what we wanted. The xiao long baos were really good; they didn't break when you were trying to get them, but the skin wasn't very thick either so that it was easy to bite a small hole to suck up the soup. There's two different kinds, and we got one order of each. The cold appetizers we got were also very good, and they were pretty good portions too. The green onion pancakes were meh (didn't really see/taste any green onions), and had a flaky consistency. Perhaps some people like it this way, but it doesn't jive with me. I'd recommend just sticking wit the xiao long baos and the cold appetizers.
Good XLBs, but the best? I'm not really sure. This place has gotten a lot of hype and when I saw the Michelin recommendation outside the restaurant this weekend, I threw a huge fit trying to get my family to eat there instead of Canton Gourmet next door (I didn't win. I pouted..but not for long since food was coming my way). Well, I imposed myself on a friend who lived near by and ate there yesterday. Since I've been meaning to go there for over a year and I just saw the Michelin recommendation, my expectations were high. Maybe too high.So I'm going to agree, the ingredients were fresh and different than Joe's near by- but better? That's going to depend on a lot of factors- factors that change anytime I'm eating.I made sure to order scallion pancakes, because they're my favorite. I forget how much these usually go for but here, its $3 a pop- that's a little pricey for dough and a (light) sprinkle of scallion. Nevertheless, it had a fluffiness to it that I have not found elsewhere so my friend and I ordered a 2nd helping. My b/f and his friends sat near by and took some from us and I was PISSED. (They're that good!)I modeled my ordered after Joe's the best I could but couldn't help but give up an extra $1 for the crab and pork soup dumplings which I would never care to eat at Joe's. I definitely smelled the crab and tasted the texture of crab but the flavoring was predominately pork. I also found a crab shell (at least I hope it was a crab shell) in my dumpling so I was both sad but pleased to know YES! They use real crab meat! But DAMN, they're not that good at cleaning it up. EEK.We had an order of pork dumplings as well but I guess we didn't get it fast enough b/c it ended up being cold and not too tasty. See, my friend is a much slower eater and I really had to pace myself or she probably wouldn't have gotten any more food. Luckily, we ordered a 2nd helping of the pork dumplings and they were much better, warmer, etc.But of course we have to compare it to Joe's- which is why I only give it 3 stars. Yes- the freshness/ less fattiness of the pork as well as the thinness of the skin sets it apart from Joe's HOWEVER I'm pretty sure the best foods are the fatty foods. 2nd- the best part about a soup dumpling is the soup- and there wasn't much soup in this dumpling, and whatever soup I got lacked a flavor (I'm sure that comes from the fattiness). All in all, I was underwhelmed by this place but that doesn't mean I wouldn't go back. If I felt like sacrificing my diet and gym work out, I'd probably go to Joe's. As grittier as it is, it's a very very good soup dumpling w/ plenty of soup but if I wanted a more delicate dumpling- heck, even a dressed up dumpling, I'd come here. IDK if I'd wait like everyone else did but I'm not writing this place off.As for the service- it's slow, even on a Tues. night when its not at its busiest. I guess I expect that from Joe's as they're trying to hustle u in and out of the restaurant, but if you want more turnover- dude, Nan Shian- you gotta step it up- you're dumplings aren't worth the 30 min. wait.
Been a long time customer for years now and today's visit just sealed the deal for me...For as long as I've been going to this place, I loved their tasteful yet expensive ($5.50 for just 6 pieces) soup dumplings. At first, I really didn't mind the pricing since their dumplings were the best I've had in NYC. I even gave their noodles and scallion pancakes a few tries after completely falling in love with this place.However, today's experience was just absolutely horrible. I first walked in and noticed their expansion - wow finally! More tables for more customers for their great food! NOT!!!! The boss thought he'd be a smart greedy idiot - doubled the size of the restaurant, but did not hire any additional waitresses. First, I HAD TO GO GRAB THE MENUS MYSELF AFTER WAITING 10 MINUTES FOR THE WAITRESS TO BRING ME THE MENU.Second, ordered my dumplings. Waitress gave us a heads up it will be 35 minutes of wait. Fine, whatever, I've done it before. Thirty-five minutes came and went, so we asked the status of our dumplings. The manager comes by and tells us it'll be another 10 minutes. By then, I ran out of patience as my quarters were running up in the meter. I decided to cancel after waiting almost ONE HOUR for my dumplings. Not to mention, the tables around me ordered fried dumplings. They came out so burnt that the two tables had to tell them to take it back and remake or cancel order...This place has gone DOWNHILL since its expansion. Burnt food, horrible customer service, ONE HOUR WAIT on dumplings. I will not be returning to this place as there are sooooooo many other places in Flushing that I can spend my $$ at.For those that "ABSOLUTELY SWEAR" by this place, BULLSHYT comes at $5.50 for 6 piece and an ONE HOUR WAIT. Enjoy!
Best soup dumplings!!! Believe the hype. Joe Shanghai dumplings are much greasier. Their soup dumplings are fresh from the steamer, packed with soup, and almost never broken. Other great dishes: gluten tofu, hot bamboo shootsOK dishes: rice noodle cake The restaurant's other dishes can't compete quality-wise with their soup dumplings. Super cheap too! Beware of the long lines on weekends.
The soup dumpling were good but the rice cakes with beef was amazing.  I also really enjoyed the scallion pancake with beef.
I used to go there all the time before they expanded to the current 3-stores restaurant. That time was the best that u always wait in the long line and then would have a satisfied feast. But now since they expanded, I went there again and felt everything was on a higher scale including the price of course as well as the sodium in the food. It's a way too salty!!! Btw, I was grew up in shanghai so I'm definitely an expert talking about authentic shanghainese food. NOT worth a try.
I came here for lunch today as consolation to myself for having had the worst, most stressful morning. I came to Flushing for the first time in like, 5 years because of a job interview, and the freaking 7 train had to break down, causing me to be 30 minutes late. I almost gave myself a stroke on the platform. Some crab soup dumplings were definitely in order.I can certainly see why people are addicted to the soup dumplings here: there's an incredible amount of soup in them. Even after I think I've finally sucked them dry after what seemed like forever, soup still comes pouring out from nowhere when I bite into them. It's like self-regenerating soup. I don't know how they do it. It's just amazing. It took me like 30 minutes to eat 6 of these, which is how many you get per order.However, in terms of flavor, I think the crab soup dumplings here aren't as good as the ones at Lao Shanghai in Chinatown (aka Shang Hai Cuisine on Bayard & Mulberry), which still stands as my all-time favorite after 27 years of non-stop experimentation. The taste of crab is really lacking here, you can barely detect it. I think it might be a better deal to just get the regular ones and save a buck.I also had the scallion pancakes and the spicy beef noodle soup. I know, other people were staring. Especially after I licked off every pancake crumb on the plate and picked up the noodle bowl and drank the whole thing. These were the most deeply and crisply fried scallion pancakes ever. Unfortunately, the taste of scallion was pretty much non-existent (not unlike the taste of crab in the soup dumplings), but the texture was incredible. Super flaky on the outside, moist and chewy on the inside = YUM. Finger-lickin' good. Really, I did lick them. (Of course I washed my hands thoroughly before feasting, as everyone should do in any Asian eating establishment.)The spicy beef noodle soup was very mediocre. Not bad, but not particularly good. Noodle soup is really not their specialty here, should've gone with the fried rice cakes instead. Well, hopefully I get that job and will be back soon. If not, it'll be another 5 years probably before I get on the 7 train again.
Soup dumplings are definitely legit here. The Crab soup dumplings, IMO, even better. The skin is not as thick as Joe Shanhai's. The wait can be long most times but worth it. Not too expensive.
I will be coming back here on my next visit.  Soup dumplings were awesome as well as the green onion pancake with beef slices.  :)
Just came back from a very satisfying breakfast at Nan Shian. I've been looking for a Taiwanese/Northern Chinese breakfast in New York for a while, and finally realized that there is none to be had in Manhattan Chinatown. Nan Shian definitely has all your craved foods on the menu: sweet and savory soy milk, you tiao, scallion pancakes, sticky rice rolls (fan tuan), and, of course, soup dumplings.The soup dumplings are superb and I can see why this place is known for them. The skin is unbelievably thin, and there is an entire soup spoonful (maybe more) of soup in each dumpling.A review of everything else we ordered:Beef wrapped in scallion pancake: Really hearty. Every restaurant's scallion pancakes are different. Nanxiang's are on the soft side, and somewhat fluffy. This dish is served with a shmear of plum sauce.Sweet soy milk and you tiao: It's fine. Not the best I've had but decent.Red bean puff pastry: Not to be confused with the red bean pancake, each order comes with four bite-sized morsels. Flaky and sweet.Chive box: I love chives, so I don't have anything bad to say about this dish.Pan-fried pork buns (shen jian bao zi): Maybe this is because they came at the end, when we were all pretty stuffed, but I wasn't too impressed. Some of the bottoms were too blackened, and they're really bread-y.Cucumber and garlic: Perfect palate cleanser for all the delicious fried goodness. This dish is from the cold case they have at the side of the restaurant.Atmosphere: Nan Shian is a fairly small restaurant, but it's very clean and newish looking. The hostess, like at all popular and crowded Chinese restaurants, is a bit curt if you want to get a table without your entire party present, but she is also good with the advice, such as letting us know to order the soup dumplings first while we perused the rest of the menu, since they take some time to make. The service was actually pretty good and very attentive.And I feared that by showing up the same day as the Chinese New Year parade, the restaurant wouldn't be able to accommodate us, but we came in at 10:45 a.m., right when a couple of largish groups were leaving, so my friends and I (party of 5) were able to get a table with little problem and without feeling cramped at all.
from what i understand, this place recently expanded and i have proof that they have not worked out the kinks yet. the dumpling house is experiencing major growing pains and unfortunately, i was able to expereince if first hand.the wait for a table was not bad. but it took over an hour for our XLB after we ordered to arrive. i also understand that they make the XLB to order... which i don't get. its the specialty of your gig. make a ton of them so as keep your customers coming back. the quailty of the XLB, once it finally arrived 1 hr 15 mins after we ordered, was good. i will venture to say it is comparable, or perhaps, even better than joe's. but NOT WORTH WAITING an hour for. there are too many other XLB places i want to try.. and until nan shian dumpling house gets their act together, i will not be back.
The wait was ridiculous for a Sunday 2pm meal before heading to LGA airport. The line was out the door and we were promised a ten minute wait that turned into 30-40 minutes. Our group of 5 was split up into 2 groups that was eventually reunited at one table, after much confusion. The hostess was a bit rude under all the chaos in the front of the line, but regardless, the soup dumplings were still very enjoyable. We ordered each kind and there wasn't a single one that I didn't like. I was disappointed when I ordered some noodles to go and they tasted so bland that I would up only eating half the portion.Come for the soup dumplings if you have a lot of time to wait or if there happens to not be a line.I almost missed my flight, but it was worth it (though it was not amazing enough that I would have actually missed my flight, you know what I mean).
in 3 years this place expanded twice....so you know how good it is.do not just try the soup dumplings, their soup noodles are also amazing.be ready for a 20 to 30 min wait on the weekends :)
I recently visited this place with my mother and brother as an alternative to Joe's. before a friend of mine recommended this place and me and since I was in the area and the Yelp reviews were good, I decided to convince my mother to go.We order 2 tiers of the crab + pork soup dumpling and it was all just downhill from there. I randomly got a plain pork bun in mine and my brother had what looked like crab shell/plastic piece in his bun. They were flavorless and very tasteless. The soup inside the buns aren't nearly as good as Joe's and their skin is slightly sweet.We also ordered this bun with marinated beef and scallions. It's suppose to be on a toasted sesame bun but inside it was on a fried scallion pancake. There was 1 slice of meat and too much sauce. All in all it was gross beyond belief. Conclusion - Not amused.
Love this place!  There is almost always a wait but it seems to move quickly.  Skin is thin and the dumplings are juicy.  Other dishes are just okay; I've gotten beef noodle soup and pork with preserved vegetable soup too.  They tend to be on the blander side.  The red bean pastries are very tiny and you only get 6 that are about the size of a big thumb.  The rice wraps are also a little skimpy on the inside compared to other places I've tried.  However, they get 5 stars purely for the amazing xiao long baos!  I usually am very picky about the crab ones and they do a great job with those xiao long baos too.
Hands down! The best place to get shanghai soup dumplings in Flushing... My parents took me to this place for dinner and I loved it. Eventhough the restaurant is small, you know they mean business when the soup dumpling is being made right out of the nook behind the cashier. Prepare to rub elbows with your neighbors since most likely you have to share tables. I would not bring more than 6 pp at a time to this place.The noodles and rice cakes needs more meat... they only give you scraps of the meat in the dish. Just come for the soup dumplings. Thin skin, yummy hot soup inside... perfect consistency in my mouth. I'm salivating just writing this up :X.
Excellent soup dumplings! You can taste how fresh they are.  They are definitly a highlight of eating here, but they are not the only reason to eat there (i don't want anythign else when I go to Joe's). I really love the scallion noodles and the scallion pancakes, both with or without beef (excellent scallion pancakes are really tough to come by!) The rice cakes and other noodle dishes are tasty as well, as are the pork buns! I go quite frequently and am definitly pleased that they've opened up the space next door as well for more seating, even though it means maybe a longer wait for the XLB; the rest of the food comes out quickly, and you can get some cold dishes to help satiate your hunger.
I took some friends from work, and I thought the soup dumplings were great. All of my Chinese friends kept telling me that Joe Shanghai wasn't that good, and I honestly did not have anything to gauge it by. The soup was perfect, not too greasy, and not too over powering. The other dishes were equally good. we had the vegetable dumplings, the scallion pancakes, a turnip dumpling and the Crispy noodles with shredded chicken. If you like soup dumplings, I would highly recommend.
Though it was a long wait (~40minutes), the food was worth it.  My friend and I were seated in between two other groups of people because the entire place was packed, and for good reason.We got the beef noodles, scallion pancake with sliced beef, and soup dumplings.  Everything was very flavorful and the three dishes were very filling for both of us.Service was a bit lax due to the number of customers but our food came out fairly quickly.  I wouldn't recommend it for large groups or dates, especially since you can't make reservations.  However, those who can brave a long wait should definitely give this place a go!
dumplings come out late cause they need to dress up. the anticipation builds loneliness into a bear.
Okay, this is now my 3rd trip and the joy of this place is waning for me.  The XLB are decent but not amazing.  I would still come if you're in the area but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way.
Pretty good food, drab decor, and barely-there service are to be expected of a restaurant in Flushing Chinatown, and this place is no exception. My father went with a meat and bean sauce over noodles, which he enjoyed, and my sister gobbled down a plate of shredded beef with peppers and rice. My brother's beef udon soup was plentiful and far too huge to finish, and I was overall disappointed with my homestyle spicy beancurd; it possessed a strange after taste, gummy mushrooms, and was literally drowned in sauce. However, cheap prices made it worth it.
If you like soup dumpings, COME here forget about the other places such as Joe Shanghai, which is always crowded and overrated in my opinion, this is the one to be at! Great overall food , clean and great fast service, here at Nan Xiang Dumpling House...the prices are amazing and the quality of the food is simply outstanding..tried many dishes from the noodles to the scallion pancakes this is the place to have some authentic Chinese food.  The service may be a tid bit sluggish as their English isn't that great as common with most restaurants in the area , but the food quality and the value defeats it, and always makes me wanna come back here.  I have came here and spent well under $25 and ate well with a group of friends..simply by far as good as it gets here in Flushing, NY when it comes to Chinese food.  Parking maybe a bit tricky but if your patient to wait for a spot across at the municipal come check this place out you don't wanna miss it!
Finally found a restaurant with soup dumplings comparable to Joe Shanghai's.  With that said, can't really say that the soup dumplings here are any better or worse than the ones at Joe Shanghai's. Ordered the pork soup dumplings today and the scallion pancake with beef.  Like the ones at Joe Shanghai's, the soup dumplings here are made with relatively thin skin with just enough soup inside.I really didn't care for the scallion pancake with beef.  The pancake was fried well, but I couldn't really taste the scallions.  I didn't really like the combination with the beef and hoison sauce.  Definitely prefer the scallion pancake at Joe Shanghai's more.All in all, it was not a bad dining experience; although, tables are pretty crammed together here since the restaurant isn't enormous.  Will definitely come back again to try the pork & crab soup dumplings as well as some of the other popular dishes to get a more comprehensive taste for how the food is here overall.
The Soup Dumplings were very good imo. The service was pretty slow and they had no cold water.. Only hot water, wtf am i supposed to do with hot water?take a bath? other than that. The Xiao Long Bao were what made the meal for me. The rest of the food we got(Shanghai noodles, some pan fried dumplings) were only ok. I'd come here again just for the Xiao Long Bao and skip the other stuff. The other cool thing is you actually get to watch them MAKE the Xiao Long Bao. Also the prices are pretty good.
awesome fresh made and well worth the wait.  i mean you gotta wait for these things.  first there is that line of people out the door and then once you order, you gotta wait another 40 minutes for them to make the dumplings and steam em.  dont bother orderign anythign else here.  its really not worth the wait and just tastes average at best.  just come for theose sweet juicy soup dumplings.
After only a 10 minute wait, considering the seemingly long line before us, we were seated, our stroller parked, highchair set up, and food started coming. One dish after another, as if we ordered a tasting menu at one of those fancy restaurants. Crispy dough (our daughter's favorite), spicy shrimp wontons, the famous steaming soup dumplings, pork and cabbage noodle soup... Very tasty and satisfying and energizing and warming, giving us strength to set off through the neverending rain to the nearby Marshall's.
Wait time can be rather long (15-20+min) on weekends and during dinner hours (6pm onward), and that's expected. But the waiting certainly doesn't take away from the delicious food. The pork soup dumplings are incredible. I order my own 6 every time I come here along with the pan fried pork buns. The pork and cabbage soup is very good, too. All noodle and appetizer dishes come out before the soup dumplings, but that's because they're being hand made right in front of everyone (I usually wait about 20-30 min. when it's busy for them to finally come out). The wait and busy service may be a turn off for most people, but that does not take away from the quality of the food when it finally gets to the table. Good food takes time, and no doubt this place has great food.
They have the greatest soup dumplings, a lot better and cheaper than Joe's Shanghai, and the wait time is a LOT shorter than Joe's Shanghai.    Even thought their name is called "noodle house", but their noodles are not that great, so I suggest trying anything but their noodles.    Their appetizers are great, too!
Came here with a friend and fell in love. The soup dumplings are amazing. Don't bring someone on a first date though. They'll enjoy the food but think you're a cheapskate. Yummmm!
I make sure I come here once a month.  Love their crab dumplings.  It's a shame the dumplings are the last items to come out even though I order them before sitting down!  The beef scallion pancakes is their version of peking duck.  So delicious!  Beef wrapped in scallion pancake with hoisin sauce and cucumbers is like a party in my mouth.  Also, I make sure to always order the Shanghai Flat Noodles, theirs is less greasy than the ones at Joe's.  :)
Joe Shanghai and all the other bootleg dumpling houses in the area pale in comparison to the Nan Shian Dumpling House. Granted it is a tiny place (25-30 heads max) and there can be a bit of a wait, but it is definitely worth it. If the winter blues have you down and out, the xiao long baos will cure what ails you. These soup dumplings are made to order  so be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes, this might seem like a long wait just for soup dumplings but once they arrive, you know it wasn't in vain. Additional things to order while waiting for your dumplings to arrive; pan-fried noodles with beef, shanghai fried udon noodles, scallion pancake filled with beef and hoisin sauce,  and the turnip pastry. Their soy-bean milk (hot/cold) tastes really fresh like it was made that morning. The XLBs come in the pork or crab variety and arrive in bamboo steamers lined with napa cabbage  and come with little tongs for picking up the soup dumplings. Definitely the #1 place to try soup dumplings if your in the area
Soup dumplings are very good here. The noodles are decent as well. Haven't tried anything else.
I have to agree with the other reviewers. This place has awesome steamed pork bun dumplings! My parents took me to this place today, and although we had waited over 20 minutes, it was well worth it. We had the steamed pork bun dumplings, soybean drinks (sweet for me, salted for my aunts & mom), rice cake noodles, fried crullers, sesame lotus bun things, and udon noodles.  The rice cake noodle and udon noodles were pretty good. The sesame lotus bun thing, was just okay.  I didn't particularly favor them. The fried crullers were a bit on the chewy side for me, but dipped in the soybean drink it was okay. But again, the steamed pork bun dumplings were the prized dish here! When looking at the buns, you can just see how soupy they are! Picking them up every so delicately - afraid that it might pop before you can drink it. The skin was just perfect on these bad boys - it wasn't too thin where it would burst on you if you did pick it up. And it wasn't thick like other places. The soup inside was just ever so tasty, as it should be! Not dry like other places. It was so good, even my aunts and mom ate the lettuce! (Old school folks) If it wasn't such a long wait, this place would have gotten 5 stars. This place would be perfect if they expanded - they could fit maybe like 5 families at a time. Be prepared to wait on the weekends and holidays!
Used to be really good. Think new owners has different ways to make the soup dumplings.
Soup dumplings are good, comparable to Joe's Shanghai without as much of a wait. The rest of the menu also has a lot to offer, the pancake with the beef. The iced soybean milk (its sweetened). The fried udon noodles and the rice cake with shredded chicken are very greasy but are pretty good too.
I'm a frequent customer and it was rumored that they had a major staff & chef change over the winter. The food is still ok but certainly not as good as before. The juice bun breaks more easily when you pick it up. Noodle is now very salty and the scallion pancake is extremely oily. With all that said, I'll still go to this restaurant because I live close by. If you're coming in from the city just for this then I'll suggest you try something else. This used to be a 5 star but no more.
Oh delicious steam dumplings!!! Where have you been all my life??? Your perfectly balanced flavor center, wrapped in your perfectly balance skin. You have created a special place in my GI tract.I recently discover this place 3 days ago and so far I have eaten nothing but food from this place. I usually order take out because the restaurant is relatively small. There's always a wait or the option of sharing tables.
This is one of my favorite spots in flushing if you aren't looking for dim sum. I recommend the cold wheat gluten and the cold soy bean salad if you want something other than soup dumplings.
Tiny tiny tiny space, but delicious food!The soup dumplings are quite good.  I prefer the soup and pork inside the dumplings here than the fattier-tasting one at Joe's Shanghai.  The dumplings otherwise are shaped, sized and skinned very much like Joe Shanghai's.I also tried the pickled veggie and shredded pork noodle soup.  I love the noodles.  They are silky and chewy and soooo delicious.  There wasn't much pork and too much pickled veggie but I just really love the noodles!I was here on a Sunday for lunch and it was certainly crowded indeed.  There's definitely going to be a bit of a wait but the service is actually quite nice compared to your usual gruff chinatown types.  They tend to run out of a lot of items pretty quickly so if you want to have the full experience of the menu, you might want to go early on the weekends.
i love this place, its a perfect place for breakfast, lunch and dinner! they have the BEST soup dumpling!  but everytime i came here theres always a line! but we get our seats with in 10mins. and i like the rice cake dish!
good food and dumpling, but wait why is it missing a start, well, you can see alot the waiter and waitress running around but no one really care about you........and no, it not because the tips, i always give min. of 4 dollars compare to others only give then 1 or 2 pop.
cold day.  need soup dumplings.  yum.we went here to satisfy our grumbling bellies.  the wait seemed a little long, but not too bad.  (we stopped into white bear down the street while we waited.  i can highly recommend this plan.  for overeaters like us that is.)  in any case we had the pork soup dumplings which were pretty dang good.  definitely some of the best i have ever had.  we also had an order of niengao (rice cakes) with pork and mushroom which was tasty as well.  overall:  taste awesome, friendliness not so much.  but i go for the food not to make buddies.
Excellent dumplings. Beware of the wait - we waited nearly 50 minutes for our dumplings after ordering. Make sure to order other small dishes.
The noodles with scallion sauce was out of this world! $3.50 and well worth a trip from Manhattan.
Pretty good soup dumplings. The essential supporting cast (savory soy bean milk, noodles, potstickers) -- very very very very mediocre. The scallion pancakes are overfried and thus too oily.
This place sucks! Came here with my bf for lunch one day and we are definitely not coming back even if they pay us.  We ordered the jellyfish with turnips, two xiao long baos, and a plate of shanghai noodle. There's a reason why if you want great xiao long baos, joe shanghai is the place to go. The filling fell out of the skin the second i tried picking it up from the steamer. I thought maybe it was my fault, maybe i picked it up too fast. Every one of them had the same problem and when I told the waitress that the juice was leaking onto the table, she had the nerve to say this is why you put the plate underneath the steamer. Well, excuse me! You guys only gave us one plate to begin with AND I didn't expect my xiao long bao to suck. The jellyfish had no flavor whatsoever and the turnip filled most of the plate. The noodle was the best out of everything we ordered. What a waste of money and time.
We were visiting NY in May 2010 and with recommendations from a local we discovered this magnificent establishment.  Mm-mm-mm! Granted I'm no expert when it comes to Xiao Long bao but the ones I had here were like "droplets of heaven".  My husband who has been to Hong Kong agrees too.  I could eat them all day long. In fact, everything we ate here was EXCELLENT.  It was all made before your eyes once you order from the XLB's to the noodle dishes to the green onion pancakes.  I can't wait to come back to Downtown Flushing for more. Such simple dishes but made with fresh, quality ingredients which I feel is what distinguishes this place from others. Undoubtedly, the best XLB's I've ever had the privilege of devouring. The service was fast and efficient which I like especially when I'm hungry.I was so glad there was no wait when we arrived since it was an hour before our Yankee's vs. Mets game.Credit cards accepted! Yeah! Unlike most Chinatown restaurants.
Came here for the first time today and got both the crab xiao long bao and the pork xiao long bao. I was very unimpressed with the quality. With all the high ratings and positive reviews given for this place, we didn't expect to be served duds. The dumplings looked and tasted like they forgot to put in the filling. The skin on the dumplings also broke apart very easily. Couldn't taste the soup either. I'm giving this 2 stars because the service was okay
Camille and I had company  last Saturday....a very good   friend of mine from the 80's joined  us on our weekly Saturday sojoun.......She  had originally called from Virginia, a  couple of weeks ago where she was visitng with her brother's family and wished me a belated birthday and said that when she comes back   in New York that she would  treat me for a belated  lunch or dinner . We met around 3:00 for a late lunch...That was Saturday, July 25..... For the past 2 weeks...,I  have been craving for some Xiao Long Bao....those famous  Shanghai Soup Dumplings   ...and I know exactly where to get them.... Nan Shian Dumpling House on Prince Street...in Flushing..(Chinatown in Queens) ..the specialty of  the house,!!!   looks like a  cute little dumpling but conceals a meatball and a hot  soup within.  As a cook myself,... always wondered how it was made...Did they fill it with syringes...Just kidding...!!!!  ....The trick was  to pinch the dumpling dough around meat jelly carved from chilled, reduced, gelatinous stock.  When the dumplings are steamed, the fillings melts into a rich soup.   We ordered 2 steam baskets of those...comes .6 pcs on each  basket  $6.00, or $ 1.00 each...Very affordable......It comes with a soy sauce, vinegar  and ginger  on the side....The broth was so good and the meatball, delectable..  Looking around ...there are still some people who do not know how to eat it......so here's some pointers....again. ( I have it on my review on Joe's Shanghai)1.  Place dumpling in your soup spoon2.  Bite off the top of the dumpling....3. Carefully Sip the Soup...careful not to get burned4. Now go for the kill....( the yummy part which is the Crab/Pork meat.)5. Season it with the soysauce, vinegar and ginger mixture.6.Savor every bite...These simple directions makes soup dumplings fun and easy to enjoy...We all ordered some noodles on the side...Camille and Eva had the SeafoodNoodle Soup...and I ordered the Sauteed Seaffod Noodle with vegetables....Whew,...Everything came in huge containers...we   hardly  couldn't finish it.....The wait wasn't that bad... we were lucky to get in... in 15 minutes...The waitstaff was pleasant...and the turnover fast...I think I  like it there better there than Joe'sShanghai....Why?   The air is clean It's  not stuffy...Its .cozy ..neat..and the atmosphere., casually nice.......I'll  certainly go back there again ......for both their delicious food and the prices...You can't beat it.......YUYMMY!!!!!!!!!!. ..2. ......
Rrrreeaally delicious soup dumplings.  Tender, savory, unusual, luscious.  Three of us ate and were happy for $25.00.  A few notes for the clueless non-Chinese diner (like myself) to make this very worthwhile stop easier:1.  Actual name of restaurant is "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao" on sign and menus et al.  2.  Soup dumplings are not listed as such on menu, look under "Shanghai's Dim Sum" section of menu, they are just listed as "Steamed Pork Buns" or "Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns".  3.  If you also order some side dishes (recommended) and choose one of the types of rice cake (recommended by some other Yelper), be aware that rice cake looks something like stir-fried slices of water chestnut or very large mushroom.  I embarrassed myself by asking the manager where the rice was.  . . . .Oh, it was good, and I enjoyed it, once I was sure that I wasn't eating another table's order. 4.  Monday night was a great time to eat out!  Lots of parking and easy to get a table.
Best soup dumplings in flushing much better than joes shanghai. Simple menu, not too much stuff but the soup dumplings are enough to drop by and wait in line on the weekends.
Definitely the best soup dumplings I've ever had.  We usually get a rack (6 dumplings) per person.  The noodle dishes are pretty good.  The pork and shitake mushroom w/crispy noodles, beef and rices cakes, or the pork and salted cabbage noodle soup hit the spot.  4.5 stars, losing a half star for the spotty service, but the food makes up for it.
we LOVE coming here.  the dumplings are fresh and hot and full of flavor. the tofu salad is fresh and delicious.as a vegetarian, i thought i wouldn't enjoy it as much as my carnivore boyfriend, but the veg. steamed dumplings are not your everyday veg. steamed dumplings.  and the scallion pancake is ridiculous with that black vinegar.  even the veg noodle soup is pretty good (nothing special mind you), and $5 for 3 dinners' worth.and the prices are awesome.  we can't get here often enough.
If you want Shanghai food and xiao long bao (soup dumplings or juicy buns), this is the place to go in Flushing. Less crowded and less costly than Joe's Shanghai (and with better service), I find my meals here to be quite enjoyable. Comfy is the most appropriate word. The place is tiny, no more than 30-40 folks at a time, so be prepared for waits at peak times.A tasty "Breakfast" menu is available (think scallion pancakes, hot soy milk, crispy dough, and turnip cakes). Fried noodles and Soup noodle dishes are available too.But truly the stars of the meal are the soup dumplings (crab or pork). Get a table in the back and watch the chefs (three nimble fingered women) as they prepare mountains upon mountains of dumpling goodness. Open up your steamer and smile at the sight of six dumplings filled with a lovely broth. Enhance it with the generously supplied ginger-rice vinegar sauce! mmmm....
lunch here was a disaster, mostly because for some reason i thought this was a dimsum place. still, i give it 3stars because the must have soup dumplings are just a-ok. the bamboo shoots, fried noodles and scallion pancakes were good but not worth the 45min wait on Sunday morning. On the bright side, a group of 6 ate until we were full and it was less than $20pp.
the dumplings are very good. but they a long time to come out. and if you ordered other dishes, chances are you will finish those before you get the dumplings. Their other dishes are not quite as good as their dumplings. To me, most of their other dishes was too oily. so try to keep it light. The place is really small so be prepared to wait if you come during the weekends or dinner time.
last night in NYC and we settle on this dumpling place. the food here is totally worth the wait...so don't be scared away by the line. .: jelly fish + daikon...there was more daikon than jelly fish. made me kind of sad but it was still well pickled. .: the crab meat XLB here were a little taste of heaven. the skin wasn't too thin so that it'd break upon removal. and it wasn't super chewy. the soup had good strong flavors. the meat, tender. delicious. these take a while to prepare though so make sure you get your order in fast!.: veggie dumplings. i needed to meet my vegetable quota for the meal. jk. it was tasty, but very normal dumplings. .: nien gao (seafood fried rice cake). great texture, wasn't over cooked...it was everything i could have hoped for. .: scallion pancake + beef. yes. beef makes everything better. don't pass up on the red meat. its got a sauce and its wrapped like a sandwich for super yummy goodness.
Legitimate xiao long bao here, guys... Watch out for the dumpling squirts!
A cozy little place in Flushing. I love how they make everything here tastes so goood. The soy milk drink and seafood noodle soup is the bomb. The xiao long bao tasted juicy. The only thing I find there that was lacking is a restroom. Still I will definitely come back to try again.
What we ordered:Soup dumplings that were juicy and didn't burst.Scallion Cake that was fluffyPan friend dumplingsScallion Cake & Sliced BeefBeef Noodle SoupWait time for seating was under 5 minutes on a Sunday at around noon. Food was good! The only thing I did not like was the beef noodle soup - but it probably was not the "beef noodle soup" I was looking for (niu ro mien). But 3 stars only because it's in Queens and I live in Brooklyn.
Food IS good. Service is decent. Doesn't take reservations, so may have wait for a while.
Good soup dumplings and good prices.  The crab meat ones are only a dollar more, but there isn't that much crab meat.  I still prefer Joe Shanghai for soup dumplings, but this is a good place to go to for if you are looking for a quick breakfast and have a craving for soy milk, fried cruellers, etc.  Don't expect good service...its a chinese "fast food" place...just enjoy the food and bug the waitresses until they finally give you what you want.   Aside from the soup dumplings, I usually get the salty soy milk, fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried crueller.
Visiting my friends for just a short weekend, the one thing I needed to get was Xiao Long Bao. They said they new exactly where to take me and I couldn't be more pleased!Coming from San Jose, CA, where the Asian food is pretty good also, this place had a pretty high bar to beat already. Soup dumplings were chock full of delicious soup and served piping hot!!! What we ordered: - 1 order pork soup dumplings - YES!! - 2 orders of crab soup dumplings - YES YES!! - Rice cake with beef - Wontons in spicy sauce - Scallion beef pancakeThis small store had a line out the door by about 11am so get there early. Don't expect stellar service, but do expect stellar food!!! I'll be back during my next trip to NY in October.
best Xiao Long Bao i've ever had
Well, after trying some of the hole-in-the-wall eateries in Flushing it was a pleasure to experience a nice restaurant with air conditioning and a clean environment.  Complimentary tea brought to the table immediately was a nice touch.  You do need to wait for your food but it will arrive piping hot.  Of course I tried the soup dumplings.  The 6 were more than I could handle for lunch and by the time I had #5 it was already getting cold and you need to eat these while they are hot.  A very lovely Chinese lady was sitting at the next table with her mother(?) and she became my advocate in the restaurant and made sure I received good service. We ordered at the same time and their food arrived a lot sooner than mine.  She was more concerned than I was.  The waiter explained that they got the last of the batch and I would be first when the next one was ready.  Although it was a pleasant experience and the other food served looked appetizing, I must say that the dumplings were not the best I've ever had and don't think I'd make a special trip for them.  I have yet to become a fan of Flushing Chinese food. None of the places I've been to live up to their Yelp raves.  I'm happier with my neighborhood places.
This place has the best xiaolongbao (soup dumpling, ) I have ever tasted.  I came here many times.  The dumpling are made fresh by 2 persons in front of you.   The skin is thin and yet strong enough to contain the soup inside the bun without leaking.  I never had one with broken skin.  Since they are freshly made, there is a bit of the wait but it is worth every minute of it.  I prefer the normal xiaolongbao here, not the one with crab (Joe's Shanghai has the best crab xiaolongbao).  The other item I like is shengjian bao (raw-fried buns, ), which requires 20 min wait time as they also make this fresh.
I went to this place again yesterday and I ate too much because I could not help myself. The food is great. My friends and I always come to this place because it's never disappointing!  Great "hon-sau niu ro mien"-- beef noodles in soup!!! mmmm it's yummy! The noodles are extra chewy and they compliment the soup perfectly.  The other taiwanese dishes/appetizers are good too.  I've had the scallion pancakes, oyster pancake, and soybean milk with "yo-tiao." This place is pretty small and it gets really busy between 11AM- 1PM, so if you go with more than 4 people, you may have to wait so that they can combine tables.  It's worth the wait because the service is fast and the food is delicious.
Love steamed dumplings and bean cart appetizer. You should order steamed dumplings earlier because it will take time to cook.
The service was friendly and nice.  Their Pan Fried Pork Bun is awesome.   I throw in more stars this time since i did enjoy the service and the food.  Highly recommended.
the food is pretty good and cheap. i went with a huge group of people couldn't fit everyone but it was cool because we was starving and busying eating everything on sight...
Good place for soup dumplings. I like how they keep their menu small and compact and most of the dishes are pretty solid in the taste department. There is usually a line especially on weekend mornings and afternoons. But it's well worth the wait.
Excellent XLB however please note you will have to wait to get a seat and wait again for quite a while to get your order.  You may also have to sit shoulder to shoulder with some people you don't know.  Therefore if you want great XLB and don't mind waiting or sitting uncomfortably, you should check this place out.
Average food, unsanitary bathroom. Soup dumpling is okay and the rest is below average. Don't understand why people would wait for this restaurant, not worth my time.....
been here a couple of times and awaiting to go back again. The xiao long baos were delectable and the prices are amazing compared to Joes Shanghai. However the one with the crab meat I still prefer Joes more. But nonetheless, this place is good
Okay dumplings and northern dim sum.  for some reason, we keep coming back here and havent tried the other flushing dumpling places.
I came here for one reason - Taiwanese breakfast so this review does NOT apply to dumplings.  My husband is Taiwanese and we've often had Taiwanese breakfasts in Taipei so we were excited when we saw they offered this in the menu.  We ordered salty soy bean milk, pancake w beef and salty sticky rice.  The soy was ok but lukewarm and the dried shrimps overpowered the flavor.  The beef was wrapped in a shanghai scallion pancake instead of the traditional taiwanese wrap and the sticky rice was so dry it was hard to chew - the filling was non-existent.  When the waitress took down our order, she asked if we wanted pork buns and we said no - from there the service was pretty non-existent - maybe b/c we didnt order a lot or just didnt order what they expected.  Maybe the dumplings would have been the preferred choice but I wish they didnt offer a menu of cuisine that is mediocre.
The steamed pork buns are completely unmissable, they are like soup dumplings with the most incredible broth inside. Didn't have to wait too long and although they took about 30 minutes to come out, totally worth it. I just wish I had ordered more!
Places that are open late are a big thing for me currently.  They say they are open to 11:30PM on weekdays...in my experience they sometimes tend to close earlier, but they are open until a decent time.As people here have said, the service here is fair to average, and more towards the fair side.  It is not horrible, but it is not great either.We ordered Shanghai dim sum -  steamed crab meat and pork buns, Shai Mai, and steamed vegetable dumplings.  I ordered Udon noodles also.I am used to the Udon garbage you get at delis in Manhattan during lunchtime.  This Udon was much, much better.  It was my favorite thing there.Second best was the Shu Mai.  I'm used to Japanese shrimp shu mai, but the Shanghai shumai, which I believe is pork, was good.  It was very juicy, which was fine with me.The steamed crab meat and pork buns were somewhere between edible and average.  They were OK, but not great.The steamed vegetable dumplings were not to my taste at all.  We each had one, and left three on the plate since no one else wanted one.This is in downtown Flushing, not sure about the parking situation to get here - we parked a few blocks away and walked, we didn't spend that much time looking for a better spot.
My experience with this restaurant was weird. The first time was amazing the vegetarian dumplings were just amazing, even though I am not an vegetarian. The next day I came back to it restaurant and also brought some friends with me. The dumplings that we ordered weren't fully cooked, and we all had stomachache afterwards.
Having been here on a sunday brunch tour with friends (we decided to hit multiple places because we couldn't decide what we all wanted), we only ordered 2 things, the beef in scallion pancake and the soup dumplings. Now everyone here is going to compare these to Joe Shanghai, so let's get to that right now. I prefer these. Both are equally tasty and flavorful. Why then? It's the right amount gelatin for me. For those who don't know, gelatin is what makes stew lip smackingly good. It's also a technique on how to make soup dumplings (so I've been told by almighty Google when looking for a recipe). Too little and you can't construct a proper soup dumpling, too much and it almost has a glue-like taste. I find this is just the right amount for me. Also, they don't skimp on ginger in the soy sauce here, something I absolutely love with my dumplings. The beef in scallion pancake is also fried here as opposed to Nan Be Hur, and honestly, that's also a matter of opinion and want at the time. Want something crunchier? Nan Xiang, feel a bit like a soft wrap? Nan Be Hur. I really would have to say it'll depend on my mood as to which is better for that. I have to come back to try more though as there's plenty left on the menu.
I like this place.I don't know what accounts to be "good" Shanghainese food and I don't even know if this is considered to be actual Shanghainese food. But I do like the food.- The seafood crispy [pan fried] noodles, a common Cantonese dish, was large in portion and delicious for just $10. I really like the amounts of fish they had in the dish as well.- The beef pancake was interesting. It was basically peking duck but with beef and a crispy outer shell. Worth a try.- The soy milk was good. I've had better but I like that this was homemade.- The xiao long baos/soup dumplings however, were a little bland in my opinion, at least compared to the ones I've had in the past. I'm not sure if that means it's more "healthier", meaning less MSG, but it is popular. However, both the pork and the pork & crabmeat one tasted the same to me... And for the price you're paying, you only get 6 soup dumplings whereas most places in Chinatown give you 8. That might just be a Flushing thing though...- The cold dish appetizer, spicy beef & tripe, was good. I liked it, but definitely overpriced.- And last, the seafood udon was exactly the same as the seafood crispy noodles, but instead of crispy noodles, its udon. It was average. I liked it, but I wouldn't say there was anything special to it. I know they serve pan fried udon in many Shanghai restaurants, so again, I'm speaking as someone who doesn't know what's considered "good" Shanghainese food.Despite little niches, overall, I like this place.
i guess i havent reviewed this place yet. i had the pork buns, crab meat buns, spicy beef tripe, seaweed & garlic, pig ear, bean curd with mixed vegetables. the buns were alright. they werent spectacular, i like the run of the mill hole in the wall kind of restaurant's better. they know how to make good food. i got some decent cold appetizer but they wouldnt let me mix 5 varieties in one plate. i only wanted a taste of everything. i ended up eating all the pig ears because my friend doesnt like it. the best appetizers that stood out from what i got were the cucumber, and the sweet bean curd and veggies.
This place rivals Joe's shanghai, which used to be better imo. The Soup dumplings are great. Other foods are just so so. Service can be better as well.
Yeh, believe the hype. The soup dumplings are good. Thin-skinned and translucent almost, they pack a lot of soupy pork flavor that's better than Joe's Shanghai about 2 blocks away. I can only come here on weekends and it's always packed but for me, it's worth the wait to sit next to total strangers and eat soup dumplings. If you come here with only one other person, they'll seat your party of two with complete strangers but that's alright. Make new friends or whatever.  I tried a noodle dish with vegetables after having my allotment of dumplings at one visit. I don't even remember exactly what noodles I ordered but that was good too. Generally however, I would only come here for the soup dumplings and eating anything else would be wasting stomach space.
As a Shanghainess,I think the dumpling is not delicious,but this tastes better than the LuMingChun . Before the new chief was coming, the spicy beef noodle is nice yummy.
Went there for the first time and I loved it.  The service is not so great, but the food more then makes up for it.Had the Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings and the Veggie Dumplings.  They were really good.  Also had the Bean Curd which is shredded thin, with mixed Vegetable.  It was good, but the only vegetable in it was cilantro.  I would probably get it again though.  I went on a Sunday night so it wasn't too crowded.   Next time I want to try the fried Udon, it looked really good.  Can't wait to go back!
I love the food here.  Don't expect great service though and always a wait if you go at a busy hour.  The cold dishes are highly recommended, I always get the spicy beef and tripe, pig ear, and bamboo shoots.  The scallion pancake with beef is really good too!  I love the broth of the soup dumplings (doesn't leave me super thirsty afterwards like joe's shanghai does...).  The noodle soups are great as well if soup dumplings don't fill you up.  Regardless of the waiting and inconsistent service I always come back because the food is too good!
God in heaven. Soup dumplings such as these can't be had outside Shanghai. Good in a way I can't describe in words. It makes me want to quit my job and move back to NY just so I can be close to them. So damn good!
On a cold, winter day, you want to come here to warm up.  Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are AMAZING.  Perfectly soupy, they're Chinese comfort food at its best.  They also do a great pork chop noodle soup, which for under $5, comes with about 3 pork chops, bok choy, and enough noodles to feed a small family.  Note: You may not be able to order from their "breakfast" items list all day long (which is often sad when you're there for dinner), but they almost always have the (1) scallion pancake with beef which they serve thinly coated with savory peking duck sauce, and (2) red bean puffs, which I always order to serve as dessert.  Flaky and rich, they're a happy ending to a happy meal.
For a Shanghainese gal far far away from Shanghai, this place gets as close as it gets to traditional Shanghainese snacks.  Their xiaolongbao here are very good.  In comparison to Joe's Shanghai the soup inside is not as greasy and heavy, which I prefer.  The soup noodles and stir fried noodles here are all very good too.  I had the the fish with preserved vegetables noodles and the soup was very delicately flavored, savory and light, just the way Shanghainese noodles taste.  The turnip crisp is the best dish here.  These small crispy layered pastries are filled with a delicious blend of turnips and pork.  One defining trait of Shanghainese cooking is that they add sugar to all their dishes.  I think for palates that are not used to this, the food here can taste a bit off.  However if you're used to this then Nan Shian is about as good as it gets in New York.
heard alot about the place... decided to stop by while on vacation in NYC... Soup dumplings is good stuff better than joe shanghai!! Also ate their spicy beef appetizer.. that made my day!! will definately come back if i am in NY again :D oh yea the fried bread thingy majigy is delish too
The little dragon buns are AWESOME!  You have to get it with the crab meat but if you're allergic to crab meat then I feel sorry for you! heh heh.  Make sure you order the buns as soon as you are seated since it can take a long time especially if the place it crowded.  I think I have waited 20-30 minutes for the buns -- I almost finished all my other food when the buns came out but it's soo delicious -- it's worth the wait.  The rest of the menu is quite tasty.  The soup noodles all have good flavor but I like the pan fried noodles there.  Oh -- You have try their like turnip puffs -- it looks really plain but trust me -- it's very tasty!  I do wish they add some rice dishes even if it's just fried rice or something.
Awesome food. I guess this place is really popular but my friend and I stumbled upon it by chance a couple of months back after shopping at the asian market.. We went back today and thankfully both times we were able to get seats without a wait. We've tried the dry noodle dishes, the scallion pancake, noodle soup and veggie dumplings. I wish I could try more stuff at once but the portions are so huge that we cannot really eat more. Both times we ordered two different types of dumplings/wontons and both times they forgot to bring one which is a little disappointing but it worked out for the best since we were really really stuffed and def. didn't need an extra dish. Pretty fast service and nice clean atmosphere. It is a very very affordable place and most dishes are family size so definitely do not order a bunch of stuff at once.  i am in love with the vegetarian dumplings, I love love the filling and am dying to find what's in there. Please share!
Amazingly Delicious soup dumplings!  Some of the best i've had in nyc.  Decent fried udon noodle too.
Their soup dumplings are great! Probably the best soup dumpings I have ever had in NYC. It's amazing how much soup they can fit inside the thin skin with the meat.  Their fried noodle dishes are very good as well.  The service was quick and attentive.  I guess it helps to be Asian and speak Mandarin :p.  This place can get crowded on the weekends.  The best times to go are between 11am and noon or after the lunch rush.
It's the best  Xiao Lng Bao.  Their Chinese onion pancake worth a try too. get there before 12 otherwise, expect to see the line.  I went there around 11:45, waited 5 minutes for a table.
These were really soupy soup dumplings.  I can't say I was a fan of the plain pork soup dumplings, but the crab and pork dumplings were quite delicious.  If I find myself in Flushing again, I'd just order the crab and pork dumplings.
Mmm...the pork xiao long bao is so yummy.  The skin is not as resilient as Din Tai Fung (in CA) but the broth and pork inside makes up for it.  The cold tofu/mushroom dish, scallion pancake, and chive boxes are also very good.  They come out piping hot and fresh.  Eating all these with a cold cup of homemade soybean milk makes it perfect.  Yum yum.
Pork soup dumplings are awesome.  I'm a huge fan of crab, but the crab  in the crab dumplings is just not good.  Stick with the pork only ones.  By the way, these should come with instructions.  You don't want to lose the soup, so take a bite off the top, suck the soup up, and eat the rest in a bite or two.  Awesome!
This place has some good tasting crabmeat xiao long bao, the regular xiao long bao is too much white pepper taste.  i didnt try anything else cause i just went there to try the buns. definitely a great place to stop by but be prepared to wait the place is soooo small.
i only had the soup dumplings here....and they were good....better than joe shanghai and better than shanghai cafe in Manhattan.the skin is the right texture, the soup is not super greasy like joe's, and the meat....tastes like meat.  like it comes apart. the soup dumps taste fresh and you can see the ladies making them in front of you.....so you can catch them if they try to dig for a booger or scratch their a$$, then wrap the dumplings....potentially adding "special ingredients".
While the soup dumplings are excellent, try the scallion noodles.  They are my favorite dish from this place.  The sauce and the fried scallions are on the bottom of the bowl, so be sure to flip the clump of noodles over and give it a good toss.  You'll love it!!!!
I was there with family for dinner sometime in August 2009.  We had ordered cold appetizers which included, cucumbers, seaweed strips, tofu strips and some type of tofu.  We also shared pork chops (two pieces) with noodle soup.  The noodles were very good and the noodles and the soup was not oily.  Usually at other places, the noodles are soggy or it is too hard.  There noodles are just perfect!  The xiao long bao and the fried pork buns were amazing.  I had to finish the meal with a cold soy milk.  Yummy to everything we had ordered that evening.The restaurant is small and there was about a 30 minute wait for a table.  Even though there was a wait, it was worth it.  I cant stop thinking of their food.  Yum!!!
the steam buns were great but the service was very poor. and it's always filled up with customers and you will have to share a table with others.
cold appetizers taste bland ,fried noodle very greasy, the only thing i like from here is their soup dumpling and their beef noddle , service hit and miss , one waitress nice and the rest just plain ignorant, my worst experience , came at dinner time with my husband and my kids , crowd as usual , went to hostess table/register to ask table for 3 , he ( middle age guy , look like the owner ) just look the other way and ignore me , i ask 3 times and when i saw  a waitress pass by , i ask her table for 3 , she immediately seat me ( what the hell with that ? )
Honestly, I don't see what's so special about this place.  The soup dumplings are good, but then again, I don't think they're different from soup dumplings I've had anywhere else.   Price is the same...  Their noodles (we had the salted cabbage/pork and pork chop noodles) are good, but not anything tastebud popping.  When I see the line for this place sometimes, it's an automatic turn off anyway.  Why wait in line when I could go down the street to Taste of Shanghai and have the same quality food?
Well worth the wait. Made on the spot, both the pork and crab xiao long bao were excellent. We ordered 6 orders of 6 for the 5 of us, and left full and happy. Make sure you order enough.
yes to crab and pork soup dumpings (xiao long bao) and amazing red chili wontons (hong you chao shou) in peanut sesame paste. epitome of Chinese soul food
Really worth the hourlong train ride . Best soup dumplings I've ever had.
Poor service.  But I remember worse years back.  I just don't understand why the wait staff has, I mean, has to be so sullen all the time.  The male staff seemed better at least a couple weeks ago--that's why I suggested to go back.  The food is OKAY.  Last night I went with a small group of people all six of us.  We ordered a shredded chicken over fried noodles.  The dish came with plenty of straw mushrooms but there were not a shred of chicken.  If there were some or even one shred of chicken I wouldn't bother to ask because in my mind I thought they made a mistake by giving us a vegetarian dish.  But the woman waitress just shot back yes it's shredded chicken over fried noodles and quickly went away.  Then we asked the guy who took our order.  He examined the dish thoroughly without saying a word and then just took the dish away.  I mean what's wrong with these people.  Was I complaining there was not enough chicken, no, we were just politely asking if they gave us the right dish.  There was absolutely no chicken, they made a mistake.  Yet they never ever say a word of sorry.  Where is the hospitality?  I would not go back for some time if ever.
OK, this restaurant rivals some of the best Shanghainese restaurants in Vancouver, BC!!!  So that's pretty darn good!  Let me warn you that this style meal is CARB HEAVEN, so if you are on the Adkins diet...go out the door.  The soup dumplings are amazing (be careful when taking the first bite...the soup will burn your mouth, be sure not to spill any of the juicyness..take the first bite from the top, then pour a little bit of the ginger sauce inside....mmm.  Don't forget about the appetizers (cucumber, seaweed-a little spicy in a good way, shredded tofu-awesome!).  I was excited to see that we could order the salty sticky rice roll during dinner, though its typically a breakfast item!  The stir fried rice cake with shredded pork and shitake mushrooms was definitely a PARTAY in my mouth...I wanted MORE please!!!  Unfortunately I had to share :(  Definitely worth trying everything on the menu...fyi, I've had better onion pancakes, however, its still pretty good here.
I had a spicy beef noodle soup, which was good, but not extraordinary. It wasn't that spicy, and while the broth was well-seasoned, it could use some interesting spices or something else to make it more unique. There is better fare in Flushing.
I only went here for the soup dumplings based upon other reviewers, and I can't say I was too impressed.  When I read that this place was called "Nanxiang,"  I thought maybe it would be more similar to the Shanghai soup dumplings than Joe's Shanghai.  They aren't.  The soup dumplings are large and soupy with thin but weak skin.  Real Shanghai dumplings tend to be small, less soupy, with thin yet tight and strong skin.  Also, the soup is very tasty in Shanghai.  I'm sorry to say this but Noodle House dumplings are far from home as their taste is like a bao tze with water.  Definitely lighter than Joe's Shanghai's soup, but Joe's taste is still closer to home (though still a longshot from Shanghai's true dumplings).
The recently add more space, but there's still a waiting line outside at lunch and dinner time. Despite the 3/5 service, the food here is fantastic and completely affordable!
The xiao lung bao here is... drums rolling... the best I have had on the east coast.  I have tasted xiao lung bao at many places including Joe's Shanghai and I will tell you why I think these are the best.  First they are always made fresh.  You see these ladies that stand around and wrap them all day long.  Second it's the perfect wrap to filling ratio, not too big, not too small.  The wrapper is just thick enough so the dumplings don't break when you pick them up and just thin enough that it's not over-powering your experience.  The filling - I have only ordered the crab pork variety here - is just right, not too greasy, so tasty and delicious.  The soup is plentiful and not sticky like that at Joe's Shanghai.  It doesn't hurt when you get your dumplings they are always hot off the steamer and just oh such a wonderful experience.  The other dishes are good, but not exceptional.  Services is so so typical simple Chinese restaurant.  I would go all the way out to Flushing just to tasty these wonderful xiao lung bao.
This place is great.  The dumpling (shao long bao) are made to order.  So it's none of the frozen stuff you get in the other places.  The stir fry rice cakes are great too.  They also have fresh soy milk, rice rolls (fan tuan), and fresh noodles.
If you are looking for soup dumplings, this is a very good choice.  I came here with a friend of mine and we ordered one order of normal pork soup dumplings, an order of pork and crab soup dumplings, the pork chop noodle soup, and the 5 spice beef wrapped in scallion pancake.  The scallion pancake beef wrap, a favorite dish that I've had many times in different restaurants, was good but nothing spectacular, as the ratio of pancake to beef was around 4:1 and the pancake consistency was chewier than I would've liked with less crispiness on the outside (honestly, it was more like half scallion pancake and half xao bing).  The noodles were excellent in consistency, the soup broth was delicate but still decently flavorful; unfortunately the pork chops were served in the soup so they did not preserve the crispy goodness of having just come out of the fryer, but were seasoned well.  Lastly, the soup dumplings were very good to excellent, not too greasy with good flavor, I think actually better than the ones I've had at Din Tai Fung in Arcadia.  Prepare to be seated next to strangers and bring cash since plastic is not accepted. Overall, a solid choice for soup dumplings.
Love their soupy dumplings & pork chop noodle soup!  They recently purchased the area next door, so no more lines.
Yummy soupy bons, chinese name Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao
A great place for Shanghainese breakfast. They have dou jiang (hot soybean milk- salty or sweet), youtiao (chinese doughnut/ fried crueller), ci fan tuan (sticky rice burrito with youtiao and rousong), and of course, xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I agree with another reviewer that it can't compare to what you can find in Shanghai, but it's the best so far that I've had in New York.
I finally found soup dumplings better than the over expensive, tourist-laden, Joe's Shanghai =).  The dumplings had just the right amount of skin and soup and tasted amazing.  Not to mention most things in the place go for under $7 including the shanghai pan fried noodles and the portions are huge.  I need to come back here to try their breakfast items--sweet soy bean milk and crispy dough ...yumm
xiao long bao were good. spicy pork slices with tripe was also very good. would come back again and try the other dishes.
this is the most authentic shanghainese restaurant i've been to in new york. i love the scallion noodles and turnip buns (not sure what they're really called in english- "luo buo shi bing"), and everyone loves the soup dumplings (i don't eat meat so i can't say!). i take my shanghainese family here when they visit and they love it. tastes just like shanghai, but less greasy!
so i went to nan shian dumpling house (aka noodle house) for lunch and wasn't too impressed with the food here. got the cucumber w/garlic and bamboo shoots as cold appetizers. both didn't have much flavor. we ordered 3 baskets of plain dumplings. took awhile for them to steam it. when it came, we discovered it was the crabmeat dumplings. pointed this out to the waitress who replied..it's only a dollar difference per basket. excuse me but that's not the point. we didn't order this. instead of saying sorry or changing it to plain, you make it sound like we're being cheap. well, then why don't you take $3 off our bill? oh but of course not, she insisted we ordered the wrong dumplings. whatever. the dumplings are good though, seems to have more meat that joe shanghai. the sweet/cold soybean milk barely had any soybean flavor, felt like i was drinking mostly sugar water. i'd go back next time and order different dishes and make the waitress repeat the order back to me.
This is the best soup dumpling outside Shanghai.  It really is.  My family is from that region, and we have been looking for good soup dumplings for a long time.  We've tried Joe's and that place is god awful.  This gem of a restaurant has the juiciest soup dumping ever.  That little dumpling will over a chinese spoonful of liquid.  The meat is very tender and tasty, and the soup is succulent, and not greasy.  I just love this place.  The other items are very good as well, scallion pancake, beef noodle soup, the scallion noodles and rice cake.  The wait is the only drawback, as it's long!  The place is tiny, maybe 30 people and often there is a line of people waiting outside at any given time.  I recommend going there early on the weekends, like at 10:30 when it opens.  Everyone I've ever taken to this place, tells me after they've tried their first dumping, 'WOW THAT WAS YUMMY!'   Enuff said.
As close as I've ever gotten to rice noodle soup that evokes my home province Yunnan. The flavor profile of Guizhou is decidedly more sour but I love it. I'm incredibly lucky to have this affordable almost taste of home on my block and eat here often. For anyone who's never been: just know you can ask for both rice and traditional noodles. The latter takes longer. Also, you can specify spicy or not spicy and even no cilantro etc.
No service, when we make order, the owner looks like someone own her a lot money, and even made order wrong twice, fine. The worth thing is when I stand from of  the counter ask for a soda, she just keep playing her phone and after I asked more than 3 times, she told me: take it from refrigerator by myself. Tasty really bad, noodle cook too long, that tast too soft. The worst Chinese food even in Flushing area.On the photo can figure out there no one stand by the counter during lunch time.
Short and simple menu but I wish the English was translated better instead of having terms you'd have to go.It's not as spicy as you'd think perfect balance of meat and flavors.
Was just around the area to find something to eat for lunch on Sunday around 12PM. I was hungry and I saw this newly design restaurant , I thought they renovated the old restaurant. I walked in and found out that this is a new restaurant and the previous dumpling shop was out of business. There were only 4 rectangular tables and 2 other tables on the glass window. The menus was displayed on the screen on top of the counter. I was expecting to be very busy but there were only 2 costumers. I guess this is too far away from Main St and no one want to travel all the way here to try it unless it is extraordinary. Beside there are couple similar restaurants around the Main St. This place is self serve so don't expect too much from the servers. I ordered the beef mifen (direct translate rice noodles), it was good. The price on the menus is tax included and my beef mifen came out to be $7.99. The general construction of their noodle soup is noodle with sour cabbage and sour daikon and the meat(depend on which one you order). The favor of the soup is a bit bland so I added their spice on the table. Just an reminder, don't put too much random stuff when you don't know what is it. I learn it a hard way and put too much of their spice then my tongue got numb. Overall it was okay. I will come here again if I am around the area.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.5/5.0Decor: 2.0/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Good guizhou noodle spot in Flushing.  There are a few in the area including in some of the local food halls, but I think this one is probably the best.  Note that the food experience can be slightly off depending on who's working -- ie. whether they'll flavor it for you to leave it up to you.  Don't expect too much on the service side.
My favorite dish here is probably the Mutton with the Skin Vermicelli, followed by the stewed beef as a close second. The soup has a tanginess that really cuts through the fattiness of the mutton and ughhhhhh I'm drooling just thinking about it. If it's your first time trying Guizhou noodles, get the vermicelli as it's chewier than regular rice vermicelli. And stick with either the regular mutton or the beef, as the Pickled Pepper/Red Sour soups might be sour overload. If you enjoy tripe, their braised tripe is also really good, since they add that spicy sauce to it. If only the restaurant was closer to the station, I would go there every week for sure. PS: The mutton has bones in it, if you don't like bones, don't get it. Personally I love eating meat off the bone but whatever floats your boat.
This is definitely the my new favorite spot in Flushing. I was drove to flushing to visit my friend and it was so late, I saw a newly renovated place and it kind of stand out in that street. The owner recommended the Beef Mifen and sesame pancake. I was soooo gooood, the beef was very tender and chewy, the broth was well balanced between just the right amount of sourness and spiciness. To be honest , I was never a big fan of Mifen, after trying that dish I changed my mind.I also gave the owner five star as well since he is supper nice and explained the ingredients to me very patiently. Highly recommended! Definitely go there try out the tons of flavor Mifen!
I have eaten here are 4-5times. It was always really good until the last time I went. The order was too salty. Then when I went back to tell them, they told me that I should've told me to not make it so salty. If you want us to do that, you should definitely put that on the menu. Honestly, the first few times were so good and I ordered the same thing as I did for the last order. So, I just thought the taste would have been the same too.
I think they just opened few months ago. The store is very clean and the atmosphere is very cozy. The most popular menu is beef mifen, but I also like their lamb w skin mifen. Their sour & spicy sauce is also very unique and delicious.
Newly opened! Soup is very tasty, and there are a lot of choices. There aren't many seats, but it's very clean and cozy. Price is also good, very cheap with good portion.
New York I have eaten the best beef meal. Shopkeeper is also handsome  he is always smiling and offering you the most intimate service Living in New York can also eat the taste of home
The flavors of the noodle soup are perfect with a healthy serving size that easily fills you up. It is nice to see a constant stream of local customers that come in for takeout or sit-in while I am enjoying a large bowl of beef noodle soup. Confirms for me that everyone who have tried their soups end up being repeat customers.
I went here with my wife.  I had the spicy sour beef soup, she had the lamb.  Both we're delicious.  Very affordable.  I thought the environment was a little off, and the guy at the counter was a bit quick with me.  But overall a Good lunch spot.
They make crazy good noodles. My personal favorite is Beef Offal Vermicelli. I come all the way from Manhattan to eat this awesome dish. And this food is completely foreign to me(I am Korean not Chinese(Guizhou)). When my Chinese girlfriend introduced me this noodle, my mind blew and instantly fell in love with it. I hope they deliver to the city more often.
This is my go to place now when I work late.  Their beef noodle is very good, especially like the beef, very tender.
Best Mifen I've ever had. Will definitely recommend friends to try this. Really appreciate we have such a decent dinning place in the neighborhood.
I have loved this place since it first opened but the brunch I had today is driving me to write one of my first ever reviews. I had the caprese avocado toast and it was SOOO delicious! Honestly, I must have told my husband a dozen times how much I liked it while I was eating it. The burger is top notch and I've also very much enjoyed the Rachel and the Texas Club. The decor is just my style and the employees there are always nice. Keep up the great work!
Amazing. Cute little deli up the road from my new job. Pleasant staff, clean restaurant. I ordered the ham and cheese and it was HUGE!! It was also delicious!! Their potato salad is so good, except it comes in a tiny ramekin and is nowhere near enough to compliment the sandwich. The price was good too. Less than $12 including tip. I don't usually love Dijon mustard, but theirs was great. They used just the right amount. I can't wait to check out the rest of their menu. I heard great things about their burgers...
Came here after the Dripping with Taste fest in search of some filling food. I chose this place because I saw they had a reuben and I am all about a good reuben.  Sadly, the reuben here did not deliver. It was OK, but for being a deli-style restaurant, it was definitely lacking. Firstly, there was barely any meat. They do have an NYC option for the reuben, but the regular reuben is listed at 5oz of meat (which in my experience is usually plenty, but did not seem like the amount I got on my visit) and for $12.75 there should have been more heft than the skinny sad little reuben that I was served. What meat there was was good, but because there was so little, the dressing overpowered it and it just was not what I was looking to satisfy my craving. I got the spicy version, which was flavorful, but again, there was not enough to really enjoy. The red potato salad that came with was also a bit dry and bland.  Maybe it was because we came a little before closing? Not sure. I probably should have gone w/the slaw.For $16 w/tax, tip, and drink, I have to say it was a bit overpriced. But, the restaurant itself was cute and the owner/server was very nice.UPDATE: The owner did kindly reach out and because of his graciousness I am willing to give the reuben here another go, especially since the beef used is locally sourced and pasture raised!
We ate there today for the second time and chose it because of their known brunch menu. Although everyone was, more or less, pleased with their menu choices, we had to ask twice for them to refill the coffee urn. Their salmon--cured on site-- is their signature item, and it's really good but rather pricey.  Very casual, order at counter, and not many tables; so there may be a wait. The owner doesn't take well to suggestions, either, as evidenced by the owner caustically confronting me for my review, as well as other people we know who have had negative experiences with him.
This place is crazy good. Best lox and bagel I've ever had (that's saying a lot considering I just got back from NYC). I had the salad and added lox. My family had lox bagel and pesto and can't stop talking about it. My daughter HOUSED her lox and bagel.
Amazing AGAIN! Everything we ordered from brunch menu was devoured.  Avocado toast is a full meal with a duck egg on top. Bacon Mac and cheese served with an egg too.
Tried this place for breakfast when coming home from camping a couple of months ago and was highly impressed by the options on the menu. I had the #18 bagel with egg & cheese, and it was super fresh and tasty. if you're adventurous you may be up for trying some of the other options on their menu. They offer lox, Capote caper, pole-caught American albacore, etc.Clean establishment. Worth checking out! They deserve bonus points for their order online feature.
Food is very fresh and very tasty. Good choices and nice size meals. Really liked it a lot!
Yes I agree the food is pretty good but man this place ain't cheap. Finally got a chance to stop in and try their famous Reuben sandwich. It was tasty but I don't think it was worth the almost $13 for it. They give you a puny side of fairly bland potato salad with it which didn't help at all. The wife only wanted the chicken noodle soup which she loved, seemed home cooked with quality ingredients. That's all we ordered so with 1 sandwich, 1 cup of soup and a small scoop of potato salad it was over $20 with no drinks and tip. Seemed pricey to me for so little food. We'll probably go back to try their salads and other sandwiches but honestly I was expecting more from this place.
My lovely lady and I stopped by for a late snack. We were greeted by a friendly staff in the rather stark restaurant.White wine selection, by the glass, is pretty atrocious. But the french dip was pretty good. She liked her soup, whatever it was. BUT the burger, while tiny (larger than a slider, but not by much) was out, freaking, standing. One of the best patties one can find. Not a ton of options but an excellent, tiny burger makes up for a lot.
The bagels are outstanding. They come in plain, sesame and everything. The cream cheese is plain or they'll cut up some scallions in it if you want. I wouldn't exactly compare this to Wholy Bagel because there are not a million bagel and cream cheese options. This is more of a lunch spot. I wish they were open earlier in the morning, but I need to accept that this isn't an early morning bagel shop. The service is always top notch. If you like lox, this is the place to get it. I doubt there's better lox in town. I'm looking forward to trying the reuben next time I go. If you have a hankering for a good bagel and lox, definitely give it a try!
Had the BLT with fig jam - really good. Clean and nice atmosphere- only complaint was the boss(owner?) came out from behind the counter to reprimand the wait staff - NOT COOL!
Wow, a real, honest to goodness NY style deli right here in... Darn, Dripping Springs.    It's worth the drive folks and honestly not far out of Oak Hill.  Gorgeous space with great energy, lots of "cute" but no hipster. Love that.  We were greeted by a darling strawberry blonde, and her recommendation of the lox and bagel makes her my new best friend.  I ate 3 hours ago, and I'm ready for another.  From "real" bagel dough shipped from NJ, they make bagels daily, in house.  The proprietor smokes the meats himself, including the incredible lox!  I'm always careful about bread, so I tried to eat only the top part of my everything bagel, scraping the insides onto one side, pizza style.  I found myself going back for bite after bite, however.  Addicted. The hubby tried the eggs Benedict and pronounced it yum.  The poached eggs were spot on perfect; a thing of beauty.   We'll go back for Reuben's and beer/wine. They have a great list of both, as well as take out roast chicken, sides and pastas.  We hope they expand into S Austin!
For great food and service that never disappoints, this place it at the top of our list! When traveling we go out of our way to make a stop here and have lunch. And as always our eyes are bigger than our bellies! Not to mention the bacon and smoked mackerel we purchase to take home:). We respect places such as this that take pride in what they serve and how they serve it. Can't wait to have lunch here again!!!!!
So many words to describe this place, AMAZING, DELICIOUS, OUTSTANDING... I could go on but let's get to the heart of it.The food is amazing, fresh and the staff here is great! This is my normal Sunday spot. I love the patio outside so quiet. I enjoy getting away from the Austin rush of things and just relaxing and really enjoying my breakfast or lunch. You can always find the owner here, wich shows true passion.
We love lox box and barrel! My favorite for lunch is the BLT add avocado and their soups are always delicious.  Yesterday was the first time we visited for breakfast and it was amazing I had  egg plate with avocado and potatoes and a bagel.  The bagel is served hot and delicious and so is everything else.  The owners and staff are always personable and the restaurant is always clean..  I love the Decor tooI recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a great meal either to dine in or carry out.
They do not take call in phone orders. This is super inconvenient since this is a place that you would go to on the way to a destination since there aren't many anchor businesses around them. Placing an order online while driving is really dangerous especially if you are already on 290 where 4 people just died in a car accident on Mother's Day. I needed to place an order for 5 breakfast sandwiches for my boss and wasn't able to make the deadline because their online system actually cuts off before their posted breakfast end times. I'm currently now waiting, been waiting for 10 minutes so far, for lunch sandwiches that I had to order when I arrived because of their system. I think they have a few more logistical kinks to work out.
A great place to get the finest deli, any pick from the menu will be a great experience, their style is fresh and cozy, makes you feel like you're eating over your best friend's house where you can have a great chat while having an awesome meal. Every bite is a delight, a very smart choice from this business is the use of local products which makes the final results be incredible fresh and tasty, the place is very clean and the staff is just unbelievable, great overall service. Can't wait for my next visit! :)
Delicious. Everything we had was fantastic. We were just traveling through and happened upon it and were wonderfully surprised!
Hands down....FIVE STARS....I've been on the hunt for good deli (real deli) for a long time.  Let's face it, we have few deli's in town that truly are a deli, by other than TEXAS standards.  LBB managed to not only nail it, but added a Texas flair.I arrived later in the afternoon today, with a friend/date...and we both ordered the Reuben (spicy).  We ordered the smaller version (as they also offer the New Yorker for those that want the oversize deli sandwich).  This proved to be the perfect size for both of us (we each ordered our own).  I also ordered a side (double side) of bacon.  When I read that the restaurant smokes their own Lox, Bacon and Corned beef...we just had to add it.  Glad we did.  The bacon is uniquely flavored and absolutely decadently perfect.  Next time, I will try the BLT...The Reuben came on a marbled rye and the bread was fantastic.  I also want to note, we didn't see one sign of PepsiCO or Coca Cola products...rather, they use a local soda company featuring cane sugar and natural flavorings...Sure Sugar Soda Company out of Austin.  I tried the cola and it was a pleasure.The sandwhich came with their own house made pickles and chips...Not too much and not too little.The service was exemplary given you order at a counter, they not only bring your order to the table, they follow up without being intrusive.  I have to say, this place is worthy of a visit and will become a regular for me.I look forward to working through their menu as many items caught my eye.  I noticed a table near us ordered a Greek Salad, and I almost regretted my choice as the salad also look great.
We ate at Lox, Box and Barrel for the second time. Our first meals there were bagels and they rated four stars. We decided to spend for the pricey Reuben and Beef Au Jus for the most recent visit. The corn beef or Pastrami on the Rueben was super salty and parts of it were tough and hard to chew. The sauerkraut was so full of water that the bread was soggy on the bottom slice and a pool of fluid lay on the plate. Suggest the chef press the water out of the sauerkraut before placing it on the sandwich. I am sorry we did not march this sandwich to the manager for credit. The roast beef au jus was totally unremarkable. The bread lacked character and the gravy and beef had little seasoning and very little flavor. This was a bland sandwich. The staff was welcoming. Service was top notch. Restaurant interior was pleasing. Location is tough to get into from Highway 290 if driving westbound and having to cross oncoming traffic. NOTE: The owner truly cares about this business and offered to refund price paid. But, I have to turn down his offer because we did consume the food. We'll try Lox Box and Barrel again and will let the owner know right away if food has a problem.
A group of friends and I really enjoyed this place after spending the day at the Deep Eddy Vodka Distillery. The restaurant was dead quiet without any other customers besides our group (due to the time we went in) and it was great! The menu offered lots of different options and flavors with sandwiches, breakfast items, and great fresh sides. Everyone in our group loved their meals and raved over the great mix of flavors and presentation of the food itself. My favorite part was the meal I ordered was a FoodSharing meal meaning that they donated a meal to a youth in need with my purchase. I also got a little card with my order thanking me and letting me know it was seed paper and could be planted. It may sound cheesy but I love little quirks like that! I would recommend for sure if you're looking for a tasty lunch spot.
Note to the business: If you are going to force customers to orders "to go" for the last half hour of the business being open, advertise this on your operating hours. The employees there were rude in telling my party that we were not allowed to eat in the restaurant because we arrived during the last half hour of the business' operating hours.For an analogy, most fast food restaurants display hours when their dining area is closed and their drive-thru is the only area open. The dining area will be open until the closing hour, and customers who are in the dining area past closing time could remain in the dining area until they are done with their meal. This business could take some note of this, and operate their business in a similar way.Needless to say, I didn't order any of their food due to their attitude leaving a bad taste for food I haven't even ordered yet. It's amazing how bad customer service can immediately make food taste bad when it hasn't even been made yet.*EDIT after the business page owner posted the following response (in case it somehow disappears):"We do not have policy of forcing customers to do anything, if you show up 10 minutes before closing we politely inform you that the restaurant closes in 10 minutes. If you are immediately rude to the staff in any establishment I doubt they would show you any courtesy either."...The business page's owner's response proves my point. What the business page owner here stated would happen didn't. I'm the customer, and this was my experience. I wasn't rude to the staff; I just walked out after they told me they would only serve food "to go" half an hour before closing. The fact that the business page owner seems to be accusing me of being rude to the staff is rather disturbing, and seems to be a method to twist this review into something that it is not. Thanks for reading.
This place is epic. Not just because of the food (probably the best lox I've ever had) but because of their service. I'm used to eating lox or sushi and all kinds of other non-pregnancy foods when I wasn't pregnant and it's hard to quit cold just because I got pregnant!! But the owner here and the staff offered to make me heated lox which is safe for pregnant women and gave me so many other options. They are super patient. Their menu is also super extensive and diverse so there's really something for everyone here, even if lox isn't your thing. If I could give 10 stars I would!!
When I'm in the area, I love stopping in for a sandwich. I'm a sucker for their roast beef with cheddar on a baguette.... I'm a sucker for any good roast beef and cheddar sandwich. But theirs has a nice kick with wasabi mayo. They use quality ingredients and I'll definitely be back whenever in the area.
After 4 visits I felt it was time.  Could one possibly eat more lox in one week?  The #17 has been in my dreams since first discovering.  Each subsequent visit brings me to the same meal and I cannot get past this.  HELP!  Why would I change perfection?  The combo of the flavors is just what the doctor orders, the location on my way in and out of town, the great staff, I could go on!  THANK you for keeping it local, keeping it delicious, and something DIFFERENT, not Mexican food (you can only eat that 6 days a week), pizza, etc.  Expensive?  I am worth it.  You can tell the quality.  I don't have to drive to Austin, YAY!.  Any naysayers are spoiled brats! Go back to McD's and get your #1 or #2 and shut up.
It was ok. I ordered a salad with green goddess dressing, but it was not green goddess. We ordered my grandson a grilled cheese which he would not eat. We tasted it and it was burned. I think it is over priced. It was $34 for lunch for my daughter & 2 year old grandson and we had water to drink. My daughter got a sandwich which was to be served with chips & a pickle. They did not come with her order so she asked for them and got maybe 10 little broken chips on a plate and still no pickle.I was not impressed, but my daughter ate there about a week ago and said it was great. So maybe a bad day.
This place is awesome! It's a very farm to table establishment, and everything is super fresh. I recommend the roast beef sandwich, it's the best I've ever had.
We come here almost every Monday, every time great service, great people, and most of all the food is amazing. The hamburgers are really good, sometimes they run out of you don't get there early enough. The daves insanity sauce is great, just um...watch your pour. Shits dangerous. The mr gets the Rueben every time but we got the turkey and hot damn that was not expected. Totally amazing. I still love the lox sandwich, it's worth it! I highly recommend them if you are in the area. And they have a really great team that works there.
As a native New Englander intimately familiar with NYC bagels, I was delighted by this clean, cool bagel joint. The staff were very nice and helpful, and the made to order food was delicious. Although they have limited bagel flavor options (you are not going to find a "sourdough-pumpkin bagel" here), they've got the standbys that most people are looking for anyway. We'll be back.
This is one of the Best Sandwich Shops Around! Fresh Ingredients, house cured lox Amazing!Staff is great they take pride in what they serve!Definitely a good place to get a beer and a great Sandwich!
Sandwiches are amazing but the salad was meh. Had the Cesar with chicken. The chicken didn't taste fresh as if it had been cooked the day before. This probably wouldn't bother most but I can't stand reheatedChicken. I'll just stick to the sandwiches but go less becasue carbs and my 40's don't get along.
I've only been once so far but I thought the Reuben was great. I can't wait to try the bagels.
What kind of lox and bagels place doesn't open until 10.  Good food but weird hours hence my 2star review
Just had an amazing breakfast for a very reasonable price. Great value!! Added lox to my breakfast plate and it was delicious. Stop here on your way out to wine country and get a good base before a fun day!!
There may be a couple of ins and outs to this new-ish place, but I can't help but give a full 5 stars for their thoughtfully chosen ingredients and straightforward, yet unique menu.First time going I thought the club was a good bet.  The "Texas Clubhouse" has flavorful smoked bacon, amazing (house made?) mayonnaise, great cheddar cheese and bright fresh veggies.  It's amazing.  I don't usually eat jalapenos, but the ones on here were sweet and just-right spicy.A little bready, but a nice fair serving--only other complaint--a proper side of chips would be a nice touch for a $11+ sandwich.*Get extra pickles.  This was the best pickle spear I've ever eaten.
This is a great place. Fresh. Great flavors Local. Don't miss the house cured items. But, occasionally the owner does impromptu dinners. Watch Facebook. I started with a salad that had tomatoes, summer strawberries, mozzarella, greens, and a vinaigrette. The first bite was lettuce. I actually said "wow" out loud. Who the heck says wow when they eat lettuce? And then feels compelled to write about it?I guess I do.
Um, wow. We stumbled across this deli while house hunting. I am so glad we did! Real New York style deli with absolutely delicious food. The menu had a large selection, including multiple types of lox. We tried two different lox bagels and both were fabulous. They also have a nice kids menu and brought our son's fruit out first- which was nice. We ordered at the counter and received our food very quickly. The desserts looked divine - will have to try them next time.
We ordered a club, bagel with cream cheese, onion & tomato and a French dip. All were delicious. Nice atmosphere and good service. We will be back.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! It's a great deli and we love to go there for brunch. My favorite is THE BREUBEN, which is house-made corned beef, sauerkraut, scrambled eggs, Swiss cheese and Russian dressing on a bagel. It is DELICIOUS. I would highly recommend this deli to anyone.
Love this place and the quality of their food. I'm obsessed with the lox and goat cheese sandwich. It's so delish! Also, if you ever get the chance to have the savory bread pudding, it's out of this world...brunch special, not on menu.
Black Friday in the hill country outside of Austin. Wanted to get a Pieous Pie, but they took off. Their loss, our gain as we stumbled on Lox, Box & Barrel! A delightful little sandwich shop with truly phenomenal lox and bagel. Just delicious and Chameleon Cold Brew--what's not to love?
Great food, can't wait to come back. Want to eat it all, I need a bigger stomach.Had the Turkey Pastrami and the Bagel and Lox. The bread on the sandwich was crazy good and want to try it on the corned beef. Would be great to have a side of all those great pickled veggies.
Been here a few times and each time I am disappointed. They are overpriced. I got a chicken ceaser salad and there were 3 small strips of chicken, and it was a $3 add on charge for the chicken. I don't care if it is free range chicken or organic chicken, that is a rip off! Their coffee is good though.
Always passed by this place when heading in/out of Dripping Springs. It's inconspicuously hidden on the corner of a small shopping center and can be easily skipped if you're not placing close attention. However, if you do remember where it is and have an appetite, I'd highly recommend it! The sandwich was amazing and the homemade kettle chips & homemade pickle spears were addicting. Awesome, tasty & legit little joint.
My first visit here as it is a little off the beaten path.   First off, the good... I came in around 2 pm and was greeted right away, the staff is friendly and my order arrived in less than five minutes.  The place is cute inside and I love the fact that it's local and has a farm feel.  Anyway, I ordered the cheddar bacon burger and was slightly above average.  The bun and bacon were good but the burger was below average mainly because it was fatty and sub-par quality meat.  I buy my beef at Costco and my burgers have a better flavor and less grease.  At first I thought it was the bacon and cheese that was so greasy but I ate the meat separately and it was indeed the patty that was dripping with grease.  With good beef, this burger could be as good as Mighty Fine but right now, theirs is a 4 1/2 and this one is more like a 3 1/2.  Another thing that I didn't like is the odd little licorice tasting (yuk) (fennel?) seeds sprinkled on the burger.  Another thing, the potato salad side was tiny (in a condiment mini cup) and very tasteless.  I realize I am a foodie and a harsh critic but I don't think I will order the burger here again.  With that said, I would love to see places like this succeed so I would possibly try another menu item.  That's my story, lock, stock & barrel!
I am not sure how this place could be better. Everything we have tried has been nothing less than excellent. Don't sleep on the hamburger. Why wait in line at hoppdoddy when you can come here.
Really good.  Really really good.  I had the dip. Impressive.  I'll be trying the cob next time. It looked awesome sitting in front of one the customers close by. They didn't leave a crumb. Neither did I.
Had the Veggie Melt. Delicious. Fresh veggies on a fresh ciabatta roll. Served fast and hot. Nice selection of unique drinks including teas and ales. The atmosphere is very modern and inviting and clean. We will definitely be returning.
Ridiculously Great FoodSuper Fun atmosphereNice Peoplewhat more do you need?
So nice to have a cool place like this between Austin & Dripping Springs. The food is real good and fresh and so's the coffee. Really nice menu and reasonable prices.
My new favorite lunch place! Hard to find quality ingredients and chef prepared meals this side of town. So happy we stumbled upon this place. We ordered the Lox and the Rueben. The portions were generous, the bread from a local baker, the meats fresh, produce local. So delicious. They also have kid friendly meal options. The prices are great given the high quality. If you have dietary issues or just eat clean, in general, definitely check them out.
So excited that this place opened.  This place is Ahhh-mazing.  We are already planning our next trip and what we want to try.  The BLT, the Cobb salad, all of it!  Stopped in for lunch and was so happy I did. Great food, great atmosphere and $2 wine for lunch on a Friday. Can't get any better than that! Thanks LB&BThe Reuben with spicy Russian dressing was outstanding.
My husband and I stopped here for lunch the other day and were really pleased! I had the grilled chicken sandwich (with pesto -- my fave) and he had the French dip, and both were delicious! The bill was a little pricey (sandwiches are $8-12 and drinks are over $2), but the sandwiches are quite large and you're definitely getting all the food you paid for. Also love that they support local farms. We'll definitely be back.
Good spot for lunch. Not a cheap lunch, but great quality amd generous portions. My group had reuben, roast beef and french dip. All very good. Roast beef had Wasabi horseradish which had some kick, but great flavor. Shared potatoe salad which was excellent. Lemon bar and brownie were also great. Casual but nice decor. Wil be back to try breakfast!
Have eaten here 6-7 times, The Texas club is amazing, just the right kick. Don't skip on the locally made Root beer.
Prob one of the best sandwich shops around w hand down best Lox in town. Staff is very helpful and happy to help a customer out!
glad this place is here near Dripping, really good sandwiches.  A friend and I met there for coffee and a bagel, the total for two lox bagels and one small coffee and minimum tip choice on the iPad was $27.60.  the lox was great, but sadly the price isn't sustainable for regular stops.
Hard toasted bread for my roast beef which was very difficult to eat. Maybe flavor up the roast beef a bit. Sandwich was very plain.  I usually give a place a second chance, but the cook was smug and left a bad taste in my mouth. Nice guy walking around checking on people. Possibly owner/manager?  You can tell he is putting in the effort for this new business. I really wanted to like this place with the cool name. Ps. Toasted bread with right out of the refrigerator cold roast beef doesnt go well together.
The best BLT I've ever had! Friendly and helpful wait staff. Super clean and welcoming  atmosphere. They haven't seen the last of us ;) I can't wait to try more!
Had the New Yorker... it was delicious. I'm glad my honey and I decided to split it because it's pretty massive.  On the other hand even though I was stuffed... I was craving more because it was so tasty.  I also bought a side of the pickled jalapeños and that REALLY set it off!  When we were done I went to see if they had any of the pickled jalapeños in a jar to sell and take home, but sadly they don't offer that yet.  Hint hint... After all said and done we had a very fulfilling lunch and we will be back for more!
Very good food! Great options. The sides could have used a bit more flavor. They also had a good beer/wine/soft drink selection.  I had the pesto chicken breast sandwich.  The prices YIKES. A high on prices.
Slow down on 290 and stop in for the most delicious bagel and house smoked lox! 5 stars!!
Strolled in here before going to the nail shop next door. Great place! Hope they survive this location because the food was fantastic. Clean shop, great decor, friendly staff. Will absolutely be back!
This was a really solid sandwich. It's like if your mom tried to make a gourmet lunch for you - which I mean in a really positive way. You could tell that they were new, maybe figuring things out but really cared about producing a quality product for the customer. I'll be back!
Great quality, gourmet food. Love the bagel and lox and all the sandwiches, yes, I've tried them all. Haven't tried dinner yet, but looking forward to it! Did brunch with my family on Sunday and it was delicious!
Delicious food, friendly service and a very pleasant space to hang out at. We had a couple of sandwiches (French dip and BLT) and a bowl of soup (something Italian with beans, vegetables and dairy-free), all very yummy. Can't wait to come back and try their lox.
My biggest complaint: rude manager/owner. We are all about supporting local businesses but you have to Want our business. This guy obviously does not. Also, No wifi, virtually no breakfast despite yelp listing it as breakfast (manager/owner said, "well, that's yelp"), and terrible fountain soda. It has beer & wine for lunch but given his attitude, we won't be back. Want to support locals who are happy to see us instead. Rest of staff was great though. Food was just so-so, too.
We had the best lunch!  Where to start?! The BLT and Bagel & lox were fresh and huge and tasty with the perfect capers and red onion marmalade- seriously a symphony of flavors on the sammies...extras too, like pickles to die for. Cobb Salad- amazing.  Clubhouse- stacked. Wow.Beer- score, and what a deal! Everything. So. GREAT! Yummy fresh iced teas (yep- two fine choices), and the cane sugar soda machine options were really tempting, but we passed. I have a lemon square connoisseur in the family- reporting theirs was the best one ever ever ever.
Probably the best BLT I've ever had. Everything I ordered tasted fresh and homemade. Very friendly staff, and fun and relaxed atmosphere.
This place is SO good. Wonderful sandwiches, soups and salads, all with local and fresh ingredients. I had the BLT (add a fried egg!) and cheesecake brownie, and my wife had the veggie cheesesteak. They really were outstanding. Fantastic new addition to the area! Can't wait for them to start doing breakfasts!
Had the turkey club...super good! Nice to get a local business with good food out in this area!
As a native North Easterner, I was hard pressed to find top-of-the-line smoked lox deep in the heart of Texas, but the search is over now that I've found Lox Box & Barrel. This gourmet deli not only has the best bagel & lox I've found yet in Texas, but has an incredible lineup of amazing sandwiches, salads, and soups as well.Quick counter service to eat in or easy grab n' go ready made meals to take out with you on your way out of Austin into the hill country.Amazing friendly staff make this an easy choice to return to many times in the future.
Probably the best turkey Reuben I've had in a long time. I'll definitely return just for that. Everything else looked delicious. Staff was friendly and efficient. Nice addition to the eateries on 290.
I haven't found deli food like this anywhere in Texas!  The turkey pastrami was so tasty - reminded me of the Turkey Joe's I used to order in Chatham, NJ.  The roast beef with wasabi horseradish, also incredibly delicious.  And the lox & bagel I ordered last weekend for breakfast was just perfect.  Thank you so much for being here, so close to home!  This will definitely be my go to lunch and breakfast spot.
Went for brunch today and had the Bruben - Reuben on a New York bagel with a fried egg!  It was awesome!  The deli case had a great display of smoked salmon so I got some lox and salmon pate to take home for pre Thanksgiving snacks - love this place!
We got a New Yorker and roast beef sandwich. On the New Yorker, the homemade corned beef was the best I have ever had. Not too salty and went well with the marble rye, sauerkraut, cheese, and dressing. The homemade pickles are great. The quality of the roast beef and cheese was great. The baguette was not toasted like another reviewer experienced. I know some reviewers talk about the price, but the quality of the ingredients is what you are paying for. My family will definitely be going back again.
I've stopped here many times for their classic breakfast bagel and can say that it's fantastic.   The smoked salmon is really good, but it's the fresh bagels that make it outstanding.  Today we stopped for lunch and I had the corned beef reuben and my wife had the green goddess cobb salad.  They use fresh ingredients and it shows, everything was very flavorful and the marble rye on the reuben was outstanding.  I've read several reviews complaining about the price, but you get what you pay for.  If you want processed meat on plastic bread, there's a subway across the street :-)   I highly recommend this restaurant.
OMG, very mediocre corned beef at an outrageous price. I could go to Manhattan and get twice the sandwich for less. Note to the owners this is not Manhattan and your quanity and product is not good enough to warrant your prices
What a disappointment! I've been excitedly waiting for this place to open, so my high expectations probably contributed to my disappointment. It wasn't that the food was bad, but $10 for a tuna salad sandwich with about a 1/2 inch of tuna salad? All I tasted was the bread. And for your $10, you don't even get a tortilla chip on the side...just a really weird tasting pickle. My husband got a meat sandwich that was similar...mostly bread.
I had lunch there yesterday, best BLT sandwich I have ever had, and this was my second time to go there, and get it from them, so thought I would post a report.  Extremely good "B" which they smoke in-house.   This sandwich has some kind of onion marmalade spread which is just outstanding.  Good bread, well toasted. Funny, how such a simple thing can be hard to pull off well, but they sure do it.  No, its not cheap.  But yes, it's worth every bit of what they charge for it.  Heavy rain at lunchtime yesterday seemed to drive everyone indoors, all tables were occupied when I walked in the door, but by the time I ordered, one opened up, and I noticed the staff was really hustling to get tables cleared and cleaned the minute folks left.  There are very few places in Austin that cure their own meat (much less smoke their own fish, like they do here).  It is a labor of love, and to do it well seems to require passion bordering somewhat on obsession.  This establishment reminds me of what Jesse Griffith is doing at his Dai Due Restaurant on Manor Road.  I have been to feral hog hunting , butchering and cooking school with Jesse, i.e am a little bit more fixated on bacon processes than most folks (and for many years I had a pet pig I raised on a milk bottle, named Patsy Cline).  There are worse things to be obsessed with, than bacon, try the BLT here and see what you think.  - William Osborn (owner of place down the hill with the old passenger railroad cars being restored).
Nice friendly staff. Ordered the Corned Beef Reuben...Great tasting sandwich. It had less meat than I had expected having seen some advertised photos, but tasted awesome.
This place is a must visit.  The food is amazing and the people are great.  Try the breakfast reuben but everything on the menu is fantastic.  Just what Drippin' needed.
I remember I came here when they first open and I was not a fan at all. I decided to come back last month and give it a try because 1) I wanted ramen and I didn't want to travel all the way to Hashi or have Ajisen 2) and why not give them another chance since they might have improved after a year or so after opening. I'm glad I did give them a second chance. I ended up liking their ramen a lot. I heard that this place aren't legit Japanese ramen and I see why it is not. I also heard that this place is Taiwanese version ramen.Tomato beef ramen 4/5 you can definitely taste the tomato broth. Nice balance between tomato and beef, I like the mix. I like how they have 3-4 pieces of cherry tomato. The egg was perfectly runny and I can taste a little of soy sauce flavor - reminds me of tea eggs.Spicy beef with sour cabbage 4/5 love the herbal taste of the broth. I like how you can definitely taste herbal and with the spicy kick, it made the whole ramen like a dream. The sour cabbage is sour the way I like it. They don't include egg for this ramen - so if you want egg you can add it for 1$ only. Spicy popcorn chicken 3.5/5 I had better somewhere else but it is worth the price for how much you get. Probably not enough spice and the saltiness. The ladies who work here are all friendly and nice. 15$ min for cc.
I'm not quite sure why this place is so well liked.  I ordered the B1 "Sheng Spicy Sauce with Top Blade Slices", which is a dry noodle that seems to be really popular on Yelp.The first thing that I noticed was the portion size.  It seemed like quite a small portion to charge $9.  It was a really simple bowl of ramen noodles with some scallions and bean spouts.  The top blade slices was just that.  A few slices of top blade sirloin, which was sliced thin but somehow continued to be somewhat tough.  And I guess the star was supposed to be the spicy sauce, which was nothing more than a hot chili oil made with Szechuan peppers so it's a tingling heat.The ramen noodles were store-bought egg noodles that you can buy at the market in the refrigerated section.  There was nothing at all special about them.  After mixing everything together, it tasted exactly as you'd expect hot chili oil tossed in ramen noodles would taste.The tea they served complimentary with the meal was pretty good and I think I enjoyed that more than the noodles.Overall, it was definitely not a satisfying meal and it felt like I overpaid for something that I could easily put together at home.Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing and I should go back to try their soup ramens, but I don't think I'll have the desire to give this place another try when there are so many other places in Flushing to try out.
Ok ramen Prices are good You won't go bad for coming here but it doesn't scream I have to come back
I tried this place out a while ago with my sister for lunch and it was just not a good experience overall. Anyways, this is one of those long overdue reviews since I've only recently gotten into writing reviews for places I eat at. To be fair though, I felt the ramen was just ok and if I was basing my review only on the taste of the food then I would be giving this place two or three stars instead. And like I said, it was a while ago so maybe they've even improved on the taste of their ramen since my visit. The reason I had to take stars away is because while we were eating my sister found a strand of steel mesh in her bowl of ramen. It looked like it must have came from one of those steel mesh scrubbers that's used to clean pans and other cookware but regardless, it definitely didn't belong in a bowl of ramen.
Love their new menu item, the spicy beef ribs ramen....its delicious,  and beyond its price, worth every cent.Usually just ordering beef ribs at a restaurant will run you $20 and up for sure.....So paying $15 was a big surprise. It's tender and juicy in the middle and they now provide gloves so you don't make a mess devouring it by hand ;)I also noticed they added two imported Japanese sodas that I didn't see before, so I bought them both to try it out. The soda brand is a well known plum wine brand called Choya. The green can one tasted like peach and plums....It's an acquired taste....Too Asian for me lol...The other one is a unique Mandarin orange flavor...That was a pleasant surprise in its accuracy. But folks...There's only 10% juice and they're both high in sugar..It is soda after all. But I like this one still :)
Sheng Ramen is my second time coming to eat here. First time I came here they didn't have much stuff on the menu but today when I stopped by the menus was updated.Inside is nice and clean.My experience with the food was great & bad at the same time. Today I ordered the fried buns, tonkatsu ramen, jajian mien, veggie dumpling and spring roll.Tonkatsu ramen I felt that the soup was a little salty for me. The pork was round and huge I didn't like it. Jajian mien was not my type of noodles. It has some kind of weird taste which I decided to stay away from it.The veggie dumpling was delicious! It was crispy outside. The dumpling skin was green, I'm not too sure but I think it was kale.The spring roll inside was just mushy. Outside was too greasy. It's self serve no need to tip them.There's water, hot tea and sauces which you will have to grab it on your own.The lady at the counter was nice and other lady who served my food was also nice and smiling so I put $2 tip for her.I will come back next time to try out another stuff from their menu.
If you're looking for a quick noodle fix with not much expectations, then this place might do. This is not your local Ippudo or Ichiran if those are the flavors you're looking for. Ordered the Sheng Ramen and Tonkatsu. Average flavors at best. The noodle texture was ok, but the broth and ingredients are lacking. I still prefer the local restaurants nearby serving beef noodle soup.
The tomato beef ramen is my favorite, I order it every time i am here. The portion is decent with their generous sized bowls. My kids love the tonkotsu ramen soup. We also ordered a variety of their small dishes...the cashier lady has 3 kids of her own so she is sympathetic to my large group and is always helpful and chatty. I think she might be Taiwanese, but I cant be sure. I have to remember to get her name next time!The food here is good, and the food arrives pretty quickly. To the reviewer who said no tipping. Even though tipping is not required because you do order the food and pay at the register, notice there are no garbage cans to dispose and clean up. The staff comes to tender the tables at the end of your meal so it remains clean. Be courteous and tip. Its a small price to keep the spot sooo well kept.
Free green tea and iced water. No tipping because you place your order and then your food comes and you get your own water/green tea. The tonkotsu ramen was pretty good with the marinated egg. I wished I tried the beef ribs ramen but next time! Also got beef strips for an appetizer and that was tasty. The minced pork was a winner - I haven't had minced pork for a while and it was amazing! Super tasty and I could eat that for multiple meals! The cute little old lazy who was serving was super friendly and cheerful. She definitely brightened up the room! She's awesome.
A Taiwanese ramen shop located in flushing. This place is a seat yourself and order at the counter place. The staffs will bring your order to the table you're seated. I came with 2 friends for dinner. They ordered the tonkatsu ramen and the gyu kotsu ramen. I ordered the sheng ramen. Staffs were friendly and service was quick. Foodwise: the sheng ramen was flavorful and the portion was just right!
I'm very pleased with what this place brings to the table, both figuratively and literally.  The menu offers a pleasant variety of Taiwanese side dishes and an interesting arrangement of noodles.  There is plenty to choose from so you certainly won't go through it all after one or even two visits.Much of the accommodations are self-serve almost cafeteria-style; the utensils, tea, and water are gathered by the counter for your own helping and you can seat yourself.  There also isn't a waiter to take your order; the menus are available at the counter but a server may bring them by if she's cleaning up a table.The beef noodle soup that apparently most people look to try didn't appeal as much to me.  The large beef ribs are ok - they've cooked long enough to soak up a soup flavor but they're not super well-done to the extent they fall right off the bone which I would rather.  The soup and noodles are ok too; there isn't anything too special in my opinion since most of the flavor comes from the spicy oil they add to beef broth.  Overall I'd say it's ok and worth a try but I'd probably be more interested in spending on several smaller dishes.The jajiang mien was a little better than the beef noodle soup in my opinion.  If you've had a jajiang mien before you know that nearly every place pretty much puts a variation of the ground meat sauce and that's about it.  Nothing all that different here but it's still good nevertheless.The minced pork on rice which I consider the staple of Taiwanese food is probably the best go-to if you don't know what to get.  It's pork belly and maybe some ground meat cooked together on rice but the flavor is addictive.The one minor thought I had was that this place is kind of tucked away on the first floor of a building I honestly didn't even know existed until I Yelped the two nearby blocks.  And there are even more restaurants in the same hallway that I would have never known were there.  Although it's not the first place you'd find walking down the sidewalk but it is absolutely worth a try.Recommendation: Minced pork on rice
Overall the food was very good and the customer service was on point.  My only complaint would be  that the food is a bit pricey but still you should try.
This place can easily be missed if you're not looking for it, so my advice is to look for it. Sheng Ramen has brought something new to the food mecca that Flushing has been and is, while continuously growing. You can't compare this to your typical Japanese ramen joints because it's something pleasantly different. It's a no frills establishment hidden between some heavy hitter restaurants like Congee Village and Dolar hotpot, but with flavors that can hang with the competition. The menu is simple and straight forward serving up some Taiwanese ramen and small bar snack things like popcorn chicken, which btw is pretty darn good. Now for most ramen places, even pho, it's all about that broth, for me at least. The broths here are amazing. I've come here numerous occasions and the broth is consistent every time, full of that boiled to death bone goodness, it's what keeps me going back. The noodles are nicely al dente, and most of the orders are served with some sliced meats similar to hot pot meats. Overall, this place is good and a easy choice for me when I'm in the area. Although my one negative feedback would be the price as it's a little high for what you get and portions are slightly small for me, but with the direction Flushing has been headed, it's becoming harder and harder to compare to the good ol days of cheap eats in this neighborhood. For some, the price points may not be worth it, but the flavors and taste has made me a fan and I'd definitely be back. Stay fat mother suckers
Had the bone marrow ramen, just ok. Soup is not bad, ramen is just soso. It's bit hidden because it is on the end of Prince st and all the way inside the building. Bit pricy on the ramen.
Sheng Ramen is the guilty perpetrator as to why homegirl can never keep a New Years Resolution. Simply IMMORAL! And let me tell you why. Their Lu Rou Fan (Steamed Rice w/ Meat Sauce) is MIND BLOWING. It's truly reminiscent of my own grandmother's lu rou fan recipe. I don't even mind that it doesn't come with the usual tea egg and yellow pickled radish. The meat sauce itself is enough to keep me going back for seconds and thirds. It just melts in your mouth jeez. I usually order more so I have lunch packed for the next day. While most people go for the soup ramen, I actually prefer the dry ramen. B1. Remember the number. Get It. You will thank me and then you will come back to this review and vote Useful, Cool, & Funny. The Sheng Spicy Sauce w/ Top Blade Slices is my go to every single time. I would stay clear of this if you're not a fan of spicy food. But I LOVE it. After every single bite, I can't help myself but go in for another. It's a party in your mouth type of feeling. Writing this review alone while thinking of my B1 is enough to get my mouth watering. So trust me on this one.AND don't even get me started on the popcorn chicken. It's crunchy, flavorful, and just addicting to eat. Would definitely advise sharing this as an appetizer with your table.  The concept itself makes me feel like I am back in Taiwan. In most Taiwanese restaurants, you usually seat yourself and order at the counter. Every time I visit, the friendly staff greets me warmly. It's nice to feel home-y at this restaurant. As a Taiwanese myself, I'm a hard critic when it comes to authentic Taiwanese food. So hats off to you, Sheng Ramen. You have Vicki Chen's stamp of approval. I GUESS I'll forgive you for always tempting me to break my diet/New Year's Resolution! ;)
I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and it is very flavorful. I love that it is not salty at all because my daughter loves to eat ramen too. Hubby ordered the spicy beef, tasted it too and it's also very flavorful...
I'm so glad this place opened up! It's filling in for the lack of ramen places in queens. The only other ramen place is in bayside which is a little far for me to go to!This place is located inside the plaza/mall that's housing congee village and many other new food places! My friend and I walked in and seated ourselves. We then went up to the cash register to order. I love how relaxed this place is and it's not an actual restaurant experience with waiters and all.  The staff were really friendly! I got the gyu kotsu ramen and my friend got the popcorn chicken and one of the dry ramens. Everything was super yummy! I don't think this place is "authentic" ramen but it's still ramen. The prices are also reasonable.I would deff come back to try their other dishes! $15 CARD MINIMUM!
3.5 starsI did not try their ramen so it's a review on their small dishes.Their prices increased... from .50 to a $1 more which makes a big difference at least for me since I care about value. $5.5 for a tiny portion of takoyaki. These balls are much smaller than the ones I've had in the city or the ones at the Nightmarket. L had one not so fresh piece of octopus but the others were fine. But 5 tiny balls for $5.50 is expensive for Flushing and they were not the best I've had though much better than the ones at the food court!The Taiwanese popcorn chicken was okay. My first time trying Taiwanese food to be honest and I'm not a fan of this appetizer. It really needs a sauce and luckily I brought it home and used a delicious bbq sauce to dip them in. It has an odd seasoning that I'm not familiar with. Also it's definitely not white meat. What was delicious and quite comforting was the rice with meat sauce that is currently $5. Who doesn't love fatty meat in a light savory sauce. I would definitely get this again but I feel like it's kinda expensive for the portion especially when it was simply $4 before. I can make pork belly at home, if I wanted to... almost $18 total for a snack to share instead of having dinner. Kinda overpriced but I will come back and try their noodles. Honestly I was going to give this 3 stars but there's this adorable older lady that works there that is just so kind and helpful.. just like my mom. Definitely have her around customers cuz she gave you this extra star. If I had only ordered the rice dish it definitely would've deserved the 4 stars but the small portions is deterring customers since Flushing is full of cheap eats with generous portions. We did get a free red tea which was delicious and had the perfect amount of sweetness.
Another overdue Yelp review!3.5 starsThe husband and I stumbled upon here for our lunch date after I did some Yelp research for a place to eat in Flushing since we were around the area.This Taiwanese ramen tastes different from the Japanese ramen but in a GOOD WAY!I enjoyed my bowl of mildly spicy ramen. The husband, on the other hand, thought it was good but he expected more. He thought the ramen was only soso. His spicy broth tasted flavorful though.Our appetizers were not bad. We ordered takoyaki and fried squid.They accept credit cards with a $15 minimum.There is a little sauce station that you make your own sauces. They could expand this station though.The restaurant is fairly clean with free wifi I think but we did not get to use it.We were seated and given menus. Then the husband walked up to the front and order.They offer free oolong tea!Sheng Ramen is kinda hidden because it's located inside a building above Congee Village.Kid-friendly with high chair available! Too bad we didn't bring our daughter that day. She loves to eat mein mein heheWe might go back one day if we ever want an inexpensive Taiwanese ramen fix in Flushing.REMINDER: NO TIPS REQUIRED, but the husband still left tips since the server was super nice and friendly to us.
Love the spicy beef ramen it was amazing and the spicy dumplings, I enjoyed every minute of it and my  party of 4 were really pleased.  Staff is welcoming and fun they were really nice and smiling . Can't wait to come back. Very flavorful :-)
It wasn't bad but don't expect RAMEN. This is Chinese noodle soup that imitates Japanese ramen. It should be named sheng noodles instead. Let's get with the breakdown: Place - inside a newer building in flushing where it is cleaner. Once you get to sheng ramen, nothing about the interior was charming to me. Everything was there for you to sit and eat your noodles. Service - can't complain. They work and will bring you anything you need. Food - I ordered the house sheng ramen. It has a light kick of spiciness to it but it was bearable and decent. I wasn't impressed because you can get the same bowl of soup for cheaper elsewhere. The meat it comes with is very light, wish they put more. Everything else seemed to be just dumped in. Taiwanese popcorn chicken - normal. Always a good dish to share. Overall, an average place to me. I might go back if friends drag me. Not a bad place though!
Place is inside the small mall on top of Congee Village.Ordered the Sheng Ramen and cucumber salad in the front register, they give you a number and you choose any seat and wait for them to bring it to you.Sheng Ramen had a good amount of spicy, but not overly spicy to prevent you from enjoying the noodles and the meal.  The beef was thin sliced and was very fresh, clean, and lean.  The pig blood tasted weird, but its not for everyone.  The tofu in the soup reminded me of hotpot, but matched well with the noodles.  The broth was tasty and great, I kept sipping it spoon after spoon, then I had to stop cause I feared it might be too much MSG which will make me thirsty later (I was not thirsty hours after and I'm assuming no msg? so this was good broth!).  Noodles was al dente, make sure to stir it up and let it soak a bit more if you like it to be softer.Cucumber salad was a great side dish to compliment the spicy ramen.  The cucumber was loaded with garlic and tasted great.Will be back to try the dry noodles and other side items.Credit card minimum is $15.
Sheng ramen is a noodle joint that I got to visit lately. Although at first I thought it was japanese food it was actually chinese/taiwanese style noodles. But either way I love noodz so I had to try it out.I got to try the jajian mien, the fried buns and the wintermelon drink which was a special combo during their grand opening week. The jajiang mien although good I wish I added some hot oil to it cuz the noodles became a little stiff if you don't mix them right away since it is a soupless ramen. Soup noodles are definitely better for a noodle pull. The noodles were springy and the portion was just right to me not too little not too much.I also got to try the gyukotsu beef noodle soup with perfectly made eggs that had a gorgeous runny yolk served in this luscious 72 hour bone broth full of umami flavor and had a calming effect on me after the first sip. The beef it is served with though is very thinly sliced and similar to what you would get when you dine hot pot style. I wish the beef were marinated or seasoned a bit more but the broth almost makes up for it.The fried buns are such a fun thing to eat as well. These little fried puffs of dough can be dipped into condensed milk thats served on the side for a bit of sweetness. Is it an appetizer? Is it a dessert? Not sure but I want more of these.I also finished it off with a house made wintermelon herbal tea which was a refreshing end to my meal. The interior looks like it would be self serve but has waiters bussing the tables and everyone is so warm like they really appreciate your business and want to serve you efficiently. Most of the seating is basically just stools so don't expect a fancy dinner here.It can be a little hard to find since there is no street entrance but you actually have to go into the building thats connected to congee village and its right next to the dessert shop on the 1st floor.I would definitely return for that bone broth and whenever I have a craving for their fried buns and herbal tea.
It's lunchtime! Hubby and I decided to try this new, cafeteria style Taiwanese food place out, located in the heart of Flushing that just opened up recently. We came here around 1 pm on a Sunday afternoon so it was crowded as usual. You can almost always find parking in the municipal parking lot if you don't feel like looking for street meter parking, which is what we did and it was only 2 blocks away from here. You can sit wherever you please as a sign on the door indicates. Service was great with a server telling us how ordering works and pushing 2 tables together so we had more room for our food. There's a self-serve station with utensils, condiments (vinegar, spicy miso butter and chili paste), iced water and hot tea so help yourself. There was also a grand opening special going on for the month of May (ended 5/21), where you can choose from 3 combo options and it includes a choice of fried buns or cucumber salad and an iced winter melon or herbal tea. I got the Sheng spicy sauce dry ramen combo with fried buns and winter melon tea and the braised beef broth with dumplings. The fried buns had a sweet dipping sauce of condensed milk, which was sweet and tasty. The winter melon tea tasted great with just enough sweetness to keep us from becoming too thirsty. The dry ramen with beef had a spicy kick of flavor, which had my taste buds wanting more but it was super spicy though. The dumplings were good and had more filling than dough, which filled my husband's stomach up rather quickly. All in all, the food tasted great with the most authentic Taiwanese flavor we have yet encountered. The meal was also very cheap and service was great so please remember to tip even though everyone is saying no tip required because its self-serve, stop being cheap! As we left, our server waived bye to us, which made us feel important as customers. We will be back again especially since I didn't get to try the JaJang and ShaCha dry ramen this time.
Bomb A$$ Ramen ! Hole in the wall but definitely worth finding great atmosphere lady at the counter was really nice nice portion size as well !Spicy Beef rib ramen is a must try
Sheng ramen isn't your traditional Japanese ramen. They use the same ramen type noods and gave it a Chinese twist. The ramen I got was the special with a little of everything. I liked the blood cake and tofu. The broth had a nice, deep flavor that was very satisfying on a cold day. My favorite thing might actually be the fried Taiwanese chicken nuggz. They were perfectly fried and seasoned without feeling too heavy. I didn't want to share. I also really liked the complimentary self service tea and water they provide. I've seen deals on groupon for cash back. Will definitely use that next time I go.
Ramen was bland. Squid was re-fried. Popcorn chicken had too much batter. The runny boiled egg was the most perfect part of my dish, sad to say. Service was pleasant that's why 3 stars. Self service on the free barley tea and water was fine, so not complaining about that.
No it's not the ramen you think. It's not Japanese ramen but more like Chinese/Taiwanese noodles. But pretty good noodles! Not sure if I'd come back. It's inside the building which houses a bunch of other food options (Congee Village, Dolar Shop, etc). Very casual place, you just order at the cashier and sit down.
I think I came with pretty high expectations after hearing a friend's recommendation but was let down when I came. I ordered the A1 - spicy ramen with beef slices, beef tendon, frozen tofu, duck pudding, bean sprouts, and scallions. It was my first time trying duck pudding. I expected it to taste similar to pig's blood but found it to be more of a moist texture. The Szechuan spice was a little too much for me though so I swapped dishes with my boyfriend. He thought my dish was a good level of spice but that the flavor was lacking. I had his B7, JaJang with Minced Meat, which was a noodle dish topped with a thick sauce with minced meat and zucchini. It was decent, the noodles were a good texture, but the portion could have been bigger.To share, we got the spicy dumplings which were just regular dumplings sitting in oil. The cucumber salad tasted a little off too. Overall wasn't that impressed with our meal. Won't be back.
Tried 3 different noodles, spicy dumplings, and the egg drop soup on 3 separate visits. All were well prepared, and consistently tasty.The restaurant has added more items to an expanded menu. It is a nice goto spot when you want something else that's not food court style.Can't wait for another visit.
I love the cafeteria style of service here. My favorite thing to order is the sausages, taiwanese fried chicken and any of their noodle soup dishes. They are all pretty tasty.  They also have a nice selection of sakes and beers. Great atmosphere to come with friends for a full on dinner or some snacks and drinks.
This place is a little hidden within this building. When you walk up the stairs, the entrance will be to the left door, walk straight in then turn right. It's a little confiding at first but once you see 520 dessert, you'll see Sheng right next to it. I came here specifically to try their ramen based on the hype on yelp. Assuming it would give that wow factor, I actually didn't get what other yelpers were raving about. The ramen was average and super oily.My party ordered A1 - spicy beef ramen w/ tendon, beef slices, frozen tofu, veg (2x) one without duck blood pudding and B1 (same as A1 except the dry version), and popcorn chicken. A1: Lacking flavors and very very oily. Reminds me of a Chinese restaurant that serves beef stew except it would taste better than here.B1: Soggy ramen. Hard to mix noodles in a tiny bowl.Popcorn Chicken: Lacking flavor and small portion. Fried sage leaves wasn't fried enough. The chicken was juicy but it wasn't fried enough. Need more seasoning! Overall, if you're expecting Japanese ramen, you're looking at the wrong place. This is pretty authentic Taiwanese ramen but just missing flavor in every dish. Will probably not return again.
It's nice to see something different opening in Flushing. It seems that a common misconception a lot of people are having about this place is that this restaurant doesn't serve the type of ramen most people are accustomed to. They serve taiwanese styled ramen and although it's not too different from japanese ramen, you can definitely see the difference in the options of broth and topping they offer. Service in Flushing is usually horrendous, so I was surprised when the service here was pretty good. The staff was super friendly and patient; they helped us decide what to order when we didn't and politely pointed out where the self-serve lemon infused water. Simple things like this are super rare in Flushing! I ordered the Sesame & Soft Boil Egg (B2) cause it was a pretty hot day and I didn't want anything too soupy. It tasted like peanut butter noodles which I enjoyed! The soft boiled egg was cooked perfectly and had a delicious runny yolk!  Although I did enjoy my selection, my friends ordered the other dry ramens which were honestly much better than mine. I think I would recommend those over the Sesame & Soft Boil Egg cause it did come out a little more dry than the others. The Taiwanese popcorn chicken is pretty good. Crunchy on the outside and very juicy inside. Overall would recommend this place! It's a bit hard to find though. You have to into the building that's next to Congee Village and walk past the dessert store.
This place is a hidden treasure located on Prince street.The restaurant is family run and serves up Taiwanese style ramen- not to be mixed up with Japanese style ramen.The place is kept clean and tidy with a good amount of seating and has self serve ice water and tea in the front!The food here was beyond my expectations for there was a lot of flavor and left me wanting more. However, if you're going to get something spicy, keep in mind that it's not mild and wouldn't recommend if you can't handle spicy foods.The service was good for the staff greets you when you first come and when you leave- which is typical asian culture. Will definitely come again!
This is an unknown gem of flushing! It's a chain restaurant from Taiwan that tries to up beef noodle soup to the next level. We tried the new item menu's tomato beef ramen and spicy beef rib ramen, and also a small bowl of braised pork rice. The beef they use is the sliced beef, but it's quite fitting. The tomato broth is wow, thick! Some people say it's too salty, but I guess I like heavy flavor so I thought it was fine. The beef rib was fall off the bone. The portion was filling. A lot of places give too little meat, too much noodle. This place gives enough meat, enough noodle, and not enough veggies. We also tried their old fashion black tea and winter melon tea (made in house, NOT diluted by water, you can tell). Both were delicious and authentic. The auntie working there was chatting with us about how the store opened, and it was interesting she mentioned it's been opened for a year but a lot of people walk by and don't come in because they think it's a northern Chinese noodle place or a fake Japanese place, they don't have a sign that indicate they're taiwanese. But to me, the location isn't the most ideal so that could be a huge impact on their business. It's really too bad!!! I found it cute that they had a huge hand sanitizer on the table for you to use along with self serve lemon water and (great) self serve hot roasted tea.
This place a true hidden gem in Flushing. First of all, all of the noodle bowls are delicious and my fav is non-spicy beef ramen. It is very comforting, soothing yet creamy. It comes with tender beef slices that just taste so good on its own without even dipping in Sriracha! If you are into spicy noodles, go for dry spicy beef ramen. It has spicy and refreshing flavor especially becaz of slightly fruity sauce ( I think there is plum in the sauce, not sure though). Also, self-service n yet, really clean spot. On a side note, the noodle dishes are not really Japanese. They r more like Chinese n Japanese fusion. Overall, Sheng ramen is a solid & nice place to satisfy noodle cravings in Flushing if u get tired of Chinese hand-pulled noodles.
Up there as one of the better ramen I've tried. The location is well set, service was great, and the temperature was nice and cold, offsetting the spicy ramen. The spicy dumplings was a surprising good. Put my down as a fan.
This place is so good!!! And very quick!Taiwanese fried chicken- perfectly crispy, and SO juicy inside. Can't believe it's only like $6. Jajang dried noodles- exactly what I wanted. Very yummy!Spicy beef ribs- can't believe how much beef you get for $15. It was very good. Different than your typical ippudo ramens. Added bonus, free hot tea!
I actually enjoyed my ramen at this spot. I opted for the spicy dry ramen (I think it was B1) because I wanted to try something new and since it was extremely hot out, I didn't want anything soupy. Im glad I made that choice. Spicy level was perfect and it kind of tasted like packaged ramen but something made it good. Prices are decent (around 8-10$) and there's a good amount of seating. I would probably return and try the soup ramen next time.
Awesome service, sweet staff, this is one of the best spots in flushing if not in New York. Their noodles and ramen are A1. Try it and you won't regret it trust me.
I havent tried any other ramen but the spicy rib ramen was amazing! For $15 you get a huge piece of rib, half a tea egg, and very chewy ramen noodles. The broth is delicious by itself. In addition the popcorn chicken is very krispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The goyza however wasnt as good as I hoped, very plain. It is a self serve place and tip is not required. Definitely would come again!!!
Maybe I came in with high expectations. The food was okay. The soup and beef was a bit bland while the octopus tentacles were a bit too salty. The egg was perfectly cooked.
Good customer service. Friendly staff.Good selection of beers and Japanese alcohol.Free cucumber water and tea. No tips is the best part but portion size is small for cost.
Can't believe they serve the duck blood pudding. I thought it was illegal, but it's delicious cause I can only get that in Taiwan. Noodle soup base is delicious and the beef is not your regular beef, it's thinly sliced hotpot beef.
Good ramen and laid back atmosphere. Staff were friendly and easy going.  Great place for a quick bite.
This was my first time here and I didn't even know it existed until a friend told me she saw it on Yelp and wanted to try it. Definitely won't be my last time either, food was great and pretty cheap! Though there are seats, you order at the counter and they bring the food out to you, but you still have to get utensils and napkins, tea or water yourself. All in all, a pleasantly quaint place to sit down and have a meal while also casual enough to feel like home.
Ordered the sheng ramen, spicy beef ramen and popcorn chicken. Love the popcorn chicken because it's crunchy on the outside while still moist on the inside. They have self service hot tea and iced water. And they use real cups, which is very nice. Both ramen are ok. Decent food but I don't think I'll be craving for this.
Love this place for so so many aspects! I've come here twice and have yet to be disappointed. The place is casual, friendly, and clean. The staff are warm and attentive even though it's not a formal restaurant with table service. The food is authentic and delicious. I had the spicy beef sour cabbage rice soup and Taiwanese popcorn chicken. The rice soup was unique and is a must try. The popcorn chicken was as good as this dish can get. Don't forget the dessert! Last time I came, I had the fried bun (man-tou) with condensed milk which is always delicious to have as a dessert or snack. Will definitely come back (probably by the end of this week ).
I've been here for a few time. Ordered take out a few time. Nothing impressive to me until today. I order take out again. I order (F1) Spicy Beef Broth W. Dumpling with extra *beef slices *soft boiled egg *spicy frozen tofu and *spicy duck pudding. And (C8) Gyoza So, the Spicy duck pudding is amazing. If you are from Taiwan then you will know what I'm talking about. Here in U.S the duck pudding or pork pudding is very different than the one we had in Taiwan. But this place have these amazing Spicy duck pudding. I told most of my friend to try it already.Also, Gyoza is $5 for 8 pretty cheep and it tastes sooo good. One more thing, I've try their (c12) Steamed Rice W. Meat sauce $4. The portion is a bit small, but it's really good too. Very similar to the one I had in Taiwan.Friendly staff, and it's self serve place.
Note: 4.5 Stars. The owner/servers were really nice and efficient so I bumped up the rating to 5 on yelp.This is Taiwanese style Ramen, don't expect Japanese Ramen here.The shop is self-serve. You go in, take a seat, and order your food. They will bring the food to your table and clean the table afterwards. No tips required. You have to get your own utensils and water/tea. I honestly prefer this method of establishment. Everything is at my own pace and needs. They will also gladly help as needed.I came here during my lunch hour on a Wednesday with my coworkers. Everyone got their food within 5 minutes of ordering (this included 5 bowls of ramen and a serving of fried chicken).The food is pretty good. I ordered A4 Ramen Noodles. The soup seems homemade (?) and it doesn't taste too salty or bland. I'm guessing there isn't much MSG in the soup either since I didn't feel the need to drink water afterwards. The salt&pepper chicken was really juicy and hot (be carefu l selecting your spice level). The soft boil egg is done just right, runny and delicious. The only suggestions I have is to add some more soup and bean sprouts to the dish. The portion size is just right for me; though I'm sure some people will need to add extra noodles or toppings to feel full.Overall, I would definitely come back in the near future.
we made an impromptu decision to eat dinner in Flushing due to the amazing weather and our fortuitous parking spot. stumbled into the plaza to check out Sheng Ramen and the smell and casual setting was enough to make us want to stay.  you order at the counter and they bring the food to you.  the people who work there are very nice, kind of like eating with a friendly aunt.there's so much on the menu that we want to try, but in an attempt for moderation, we each got a ramen.  He got the Gyu Kotsu ramen (the clear soup, braised 72 hours) and i got the Szechuan Sour Bean with Minced Meat dry ramen.  Both were really good, although there wasn't really any sour bean in the dry ramen, more like a spicy meat sauce. They have a beverage and condiment station where they offer water and hot tea and black and white vinegar, spicy miso butter, and chili paste. i threw some of the black vinegar in my noodles and it was pretty great.we also ordered the Fried Bun with Condensed Milk,which was AMAZING. crunchy on the outside and naturally sweet, made sweeter by dunking it in the condensed milk. so good, and best to eat it piping hot. in addition, we ordered the Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken, which was good and juicy, but the pieces were a little bigger than the traditional version and they cover it with spicy chili powder, which isn't the norm.overall i definitely recommend this place for a casual meal.
Located deep within the building that houses 520 desserts, the inside of the restaurant is quite spacious and not too crowded. When we went in at the time, there was only one other group with us . The service was great. The waitress came by to our table after we ordered to check up on us and we had pleasant small talk.The food itself was okay but not to my liking. The popcorn chicken was salty and overseasoned but my friends told me that's how it usually is. In terms of the ramen, I ordered the Sheng ramen. The noodles were good in that they were firm yet easy to eat but the broth itself was underwhelming. It was spicy but there was no flavor to it. They recommended the winter melon tea, which I liked, so I suggest getting that. At the time, the restaurant was quiet and they have two tvs on opposing ends of the room to watch, creating some background noise. It's a good place to sit and talk.
Ok food but wow service was horrible. The woman asked me to circled around twice in the building when I asked for bathroom and told her I need to go before ordering. Guess what I found out, the bathroom was right next to her! I found out that after 20 min circling and didn't find the bathroom. She simply said " will you let me talk? " And blah with an attitude accusing me like every other customer as a liar!
This is a great little ramen spot, the people are super friendly and the ramen speaks for itself . Had the beef ramen with the ribs and it was great. This quaint little restaurant is a must if you need to scratch a ramen itch!!!
Cute little restaurant with delicious dishes. The restaurant name is ramen but it's really a Taiwanese restaurant because the translation of ramen in Taiwanese means pulled noodles. I enjoyed my minced been dry noodles and the braised egg drop soup.  While my companion enjoyed his kyu kohsi dish. Will we be returning? Yes!
Having the word RAMEN in their name was very misleading as I was excited to try out this new RAMEN shop but ultimately it was just a SPICY NOODLE shop.  There was nothing special about the broth or noodles besides it being spicy. The noodles tasted just like the noodles from a instant noodle package.  Someone into spicy noodle soup might enjoy this place though as mentioned by other yelpers.The only item I did enjoy were the dumplings as that I would recommend.
Ramen and taiwanese style?  my friend told me it was a chain overseas Sheng Noodle.  Had to check this out myself!  My friend and I got the a1 a2 b3 and some dumplings.  A1 is the Sheng noodles with duck blood, tofu and sliced beef.  I got the spicy beef, which didn't have the duck blood and tofu but it had the slice beef and mustard greens with it.  Something similar to beef noodle soup.  So they use japanese style noodles, which they give a hefty amount if you see the pictures.  The broth and seasoning is really sensational.  Walking near this place you could smell all the flavors.  We actually had trouble not salivating all over ourselves while we took pictures.  My other friend tried the dry ramen b3, which was really good as well, it was a bit harder to mix it since it was a dry style she took some of the broth from the dumplings and added in her bowl to help get it going.  We went for ramen and broth she wanted something a bit different  The dumplings were nice thick but soft skin and flavorful and juicy on the inside.  We opted out on another spicy dish.I heard of this spicy butter that is homemade, must check that out next time.As always check the pictures out =)-------------Another stop at Sheng Ramen They started to pick up some speed with customers coming in.  Now serving some neat combos, I got Chrysanthemum tea ,  pickled cucumber salad or fried buns with condense milk and a ramen.  I also ordered a sweet fermented tofu to try it out !-----April 2018 Tried their beef ribs ! That was really good reminds me of beef noodle soup with their added spicy paste.  We also got popcorn chicken and cucumbers to add to our meal.
The service is worst than none. The food is not impressive, but the service is really bad. Asking customer to use outside bathroom when there is one inside. When asked why she told people to go outside, she gave an attitude and said not sure you are a real customer. Often, it is not what you said, but how you said it is the main problem.
Came here for the gyu kotsu ramen and was pleasantly surprised when I found out that it was not your usual Japanese broth which I always found too salty. Sheng's Taiwanese style ramen broth was tasty without being overly salty. Really loved the marinated soft boiled egg. Also gor to try the braised pork belly over rice as well and it's such a simple dish but it was super tasty and flavorful.Also tried several other sides like the soy garlic wings which were ready good, shredded potatoes which I thought was a bit spicy but that's just me, the fried buns with condensed milk was dessert and fun. Will def come back to try other dishes that I haven't yet.
This was a very pleasant surprise. The pork ramen was delightful and the pork stomach was so delicious. The pork had a perfect ratio of fat to lean meat, so I practically melted in my mouth. I would say that this place is better than Ichiran. The takoyaki was very good as well; it bursts in your mouth and coats your tongue. You're left with a piece of squid in the center.
The place was not crowded when I came on a Wednesday night, probably because this place is hidden inside a giant building with a long hallway to get to.  I ordered the spicy mala beef soup ramen and winter melon drink.  The soup was very flavorful with the perfect balance of the peppercorn and hot chili flavor, not too much to overpower the taste of the beef flavor.  The slices of beef were very tender and taste fresh, unlike the frozen fatty sliced beef usually served by other malatang restaurants.  I love the frozen tofu which soaked up all the yummy soup and released them in my mouth with every bite.  The place itself is cozy and clean, with wooden tables and chairs and large flat-screen TV's on either side playing Taiwanese and American shows.  It's a nice place to come either with friends or just by yourself without having to feel awkward.
If you are looking for an authentic dining experience in Taiwan, definitely visit Sheng Ramen. I grew up in Taiwan and everything about this place reminds me of home. From the decor, to the service and food, I have no doubt about it that this place is 100% Taiwanese. I love how clean this place is. They use Japanese ramen noodles as the main carb which is a bit unusual for a Taiwanese restaurant. However, it really goes well with different kinds of beef soup they offer. I love all the noodle soups  with a perfectly cooked soft boiled egg on the side.  Spicy beef dry noodle is a great choice if you are craving for something spicy without hot soup. Minced meat over rice and popcorn chicken are also something that worth trying. I've been back 4 times so far since I discovered this place. I'll be back soon!
It's a Taiwanese noddles restaurant so some may be confused from its name. I ordered a spicy beef noodles and the soup is quite yummy and similar to what I had in Taiwan. The noddles can be a bit confusing as it tastes like the Japanese ramen instead of the Taiwanese noodles. The duck pudding is cut into slices which is a bit too mini. When you order pudding you would hope the size to be like a tofu at least. May come try another Taiwanese food next time but not the duck pudding.
I came here with high hopes and left hungry. The noodles had a good consistency but the soup taste was alittle off. The pot stickers had a great crispy exterior with a stuffed interior but lacked FLAVOR of any kind. I would try these out again if they taste tested the filling beforehand. The spicy dumplings are literally just regular dumplings drowning in hot oil sauce. Too much oil. Overbearing. Skip.
Tried this spot for the first time because I was craving ramen and I will definitely be back. You need to be ready for the different flavors. The cucumber salad was refreshing but the thick chunks of garlic were unpleasant. Also I wasnt aware that the spicy sliced potatoe was  raw. It was marinated in spices and rice vinegar. The soups were delisious and not too heavy.
Went in twice in a week! First time was because wanting to try out a new place, which it turned out to be a really nice surprise.  I had the vegetable ramen and no joke the soup was delicious! Decent portion too! My friend ordered Sheng Ramen and fried squid (new item~ ) she couldn't stop saying how good it was and how they were perfectly marinated/seasoned!  Her ramen was great as well! A bite of thin sliced beef then a bite of ramen~ awesome!2nd time was just because I had to bring my family and share the goodness.  Also to come back for my vegetable ramen!
This is not Ramen, it's Chinese noodles in soup. Broth is overly waterly and the cha-shu is thin slices of frozen pork belly that's been broiled for 5 minutes in a toaster oven.Very salty and loaded with MSG.
The ramen was excellent! Easy to get to and parking was easy compared to the rest of Flushing. The guy we met that worked there was super friendly and it really made for an amazing experience.Keep in mind that the storefront is not right on the street... you need to walk into the building and through the shared hallway to find it.You got to go there!! It is totally worth it!!!
over price！ this is not Ramen, it just noodle. The duck pudding is not duck pudding , it pig blood pudding.The portions are too small even for a slim girl!!See picture!
I honestly didn't think this place was good when I passed by the first time. It's hidden in a location that doesn't  get a lot of traffic. However I went today and honestly their broth was very good. It has distinct flavors from Taiwan. I'm likely to come back again! I'd say their beef broth was better than most of the noodle places in new world mall. I haven't quite enjoyed a bowl of beef noodles in such a long time since flushing mall closed down.  I wished they had more noodle options besides ramen!
Not that good as a taiwanese noodle. It's below the average performance of taiwanese beef noodle in NYC, not mention compared with authentic ones from Taiwan. Disappointed.
Love this place, it's clean, staff are friendly and the menu is awesome! Their pork over rice is delicious, I have never had the traditional Taiwanese meal that tasty. I believe the secret ingredient is their sauce... but ramen is good too. Love their winter melon tea as well!
Very good little ramen shop in Busy area with lots of restaurants. Hidden inside a building with several other restaurants, this place had a tasty treat that was served quickly that I was ready to slurp!
Love the spicy dumplings. The staff is super friendly. One of my favorite places in the neighborhood. I must get myself to try more than the spicy dumplings.
Atlantic Taiwanese food mix with little Japanese style Super delicious. AAA services!!! Perfect spot for lunch and quick dinner. Highly recommend it
When it comes down to Flushing, there is a plethora of food places ranging from stands, food courts, windows, and restaurants. In addition, the list of cultural list of cuisines here are massive. When it comes down to it, choosing a place to eat can be overwhelming. In the case of Sheng Ramen, they help make picking a place to eat easier. Despite being named Sheng Ramen, this place has a wide range of food options including rice, soup, dumplings, and salads. They also serve teas like wintermelon, herbal, jasmine, and red tea. Appetizers range anywhere from $3-6 and include traditional Taiwanese dishes like Taiwanese popcorn chicken, marinated beef shank / pork ear, and pickled vegetables. For entrees or larger dishes, prices range anywhere from $5 to $10. These entrees include steamed dumplings in broth (amazing), dry and wet ramen (amazing), and rice in soup (also pretty amazing). Considering the effort, quality, and portions of the food here, this place is a pretty good steal. I would recommend getting the braised pork with rice and any type of ramen dish. The noodles here are al dente~ usually with your selection of meat, bean sprouts, and a perfectly cooked runny soft boiled egg.You wont regret coming here.P.S.1. They have free self-service lemon water2. They have free self-service hot tea
I'm a fan  they delivered my food in 15-20 minutes after I ordered it (granted, we're located down the block) The food was amazing, I'm definitely ordering from this place again.
Went with my coworkers here and tried the ramens it was good and the chicken was heaven! The workers was nice to us
Not exactly your classic Taiwanese beef noodle soup but adjust your expectations and a very good meal could be had. The soup base for the classic A1 option lean towards a mala flavor and the beef used is sliced brisket. The wife had a dry bowl that tasted like a pretty solid zajiangmian. We also ordered a Taiwanese popcorn chicken and a fried mantou with condensed milk dip which were both good but came out with odd timing (the dessert mantou was served first before anything else and the popcorn chicken was served last). Not a perfect meal but met expectations and would repeat!
this is a discreet place you can take family or colleagues to for brunch. they have music video on one side & cable TV on the other with music in background that doesn't sync
Came here because of the four star yelp reviews and was a little disappointed. They serve ramen type noodles in not so flavorful broth. Although I am aware that this is not japanese ramen I still expected my broth to be special or flavorful. Overall there weren't anything special about the ramen and I wouldnt come back. I also ordered dumpling in hotoil sauce and that was just okay, nothing to rave about. It is sort of a selfserve place where there is an area for you to get your own water but when we were ordering and paying at the same time our receipt was showing if you want to tip X amount of dollars. We ended up tipping not knowing that it was self serve. I guess it kind of feels like tipping the person that takes your order at mcd. This place is located above the new congee village and right next to 520 dessert, not hard to find at all!
Was feeling for some shanghai tonight. Was browsing through yelp for some locations around me and this spot came up. It's a shanghai type cuisine but they serve their noodles with ramen noodles, with either "dry ramen" or "soup ramen".. styles. We went for the dry noodles. I tried the jajang w/minced meat (i don't usually eat meat and ive asked for them to not add bean sprouts or scallions. I'm pregnant now and shouldn't be eating that)  and the husband tried the Sheng Spicy Sauce w/Top Blade Slices. I tried his noodles and boy it was SPICY! If you're into spice that hits you right on the spot this is the dish for you.To be honest I'm not really feeling their JaJang sauce. Its a really a bit too dry for me. Im use to having the kind that's a bit more saucy. It's still good though. Their noodle was al dante.. loves the chewy-ness to it. We also ordered the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It sat on the table for 3 mins and it was still hot when you bite into it!. The breading wasn't thick or left a greasy oil taste in your mouth so it was good. Overall experience for this place. Good.
Amazing place on par with any ramen place in the city. The Taiwanese chicken and spicy beef ramen is done like no where else. Super nice people running the place too
Some of the best veggie ramen I have ever had - the tomato base is so well seasoned, you don't even realize its tomato!
Did not enjoy anything that was ordered on our first time here. The only think that was good was the pig ear and even that was too cold and too hard.The Taiwanese sausage was the size of my pink finger (no wonder it was cheap)And even though everything looked very promising - the main dishes were totally bland.Will not be returning.
Got spicy dumplings in soup broth. Delicious! In a bldg with lots of great-looking Chinese and Japanese food options, but I'm glad I chose this one!
Reminds me of Asia! Walk in, order at the front and pick your own seat. I got the A4? The non-spicy galbi beef ramen, came with a perfect egg (soft boiled with almost runny yolk). It was a delicious of beef and noodles. Also got the Taiwanese fried chicken. That was too spicy and salty for me, but the chicken itself was so tender and juicy inside that I kept wiping off the hot spice and salt so I could continue eating. I am definitely going back for the noodles.
Taiwanese style ramen located inside this building full of other dessert and food places. You have to walk down a few hallways but they have taped signs up so it wasn't that hard to find. You order at the counter and seat yourself as you walk in. They give you a number and they will bring the food over to you once it's ready. Since the place just opened not long ago they're doing a promotion until 5/31/17 where you can order a ramen with either fried buns or pickled cucumber salad plus a drink for only $12-$14; which is a super good deal. The ramen portion was pretty generous but I didn't personally find it to be super amazing but the either way I thought the food was worth it. I liked how the spoons were the types with an edge on them where you can hook it to the side of your bowl so the spoon doesn't fall in and drown in your soup as it pretty much ALWAYS happens to me. Both the herbal tea and winter melon tea was good and they have a self service drink area where you can get iced water and hot tea. Since you order and pay before you eat you don't have to tip but we left some on the table anyway!
Def not authentic in any way, not in Taiwanese, not in 'Ramen', it is a hybrid noodle shop. The two ramen bowls we got had noodles that was from the fridge, not fresh. The meat was Korean BBQ / hot-pot style thinly sliced meat, not braised. The vegetable consist of broccoli, bean sprout and old carrot. Also, why the two large TV on each side of the wall? It tacks on a terrible atmosphere to a counter service noodle shop.
Every since I got back to New York for summer break I've been dying to try this place out. I finally decided to come try this ramen place out with a friend of mine a week ago. At first I was really skeptical since a lot of places in flushing claim they have ramen but it's just regular noodles. The store was in a building along with a bunch of other restaurants but it wasn't really hard to find. When we stepped in there weren't many people since we came right after lunch time. It was quiet and the place was very clean. We seated ourselves and the waitress brought over the menus. She was really nice. We then went up to the cash register to order. I got the Gyu-Kotsu Ramen and my friend got the Braised Beef and Vegetables Ramen and we shared an order of Gyoza.We were pleasantly surprised because the ramen was really good! It wasn't too salty and the portions were big. The beef was cooked perfectly! The guisa was really good as well. They didn't let it burn or undercook it, it was just right. My friend really enjoyed his meal as well and it was his first time trying ramen that didn't come in a plastic bag haha. Overall, my experience was terrific and I will definitely be coming back since I'm in Flushing very often!
Came here for lunch and noticed it was a new spot so went to try it out with a group of friends. It's a bit hidden inside Queens Crossing but not difficult to find. The restaurant is more of a fast food/self serve style. Go up to the front and order your dish and they'll bring it to your table. There's also plenty of tea, water and other condiments available for self serving as well. I ordered the braised beef ramen and winter melon tea drink. Loved the winter melon drink. It's a sweet flavor but not overly sweet, definitely refreshing. The ramen was a bit average or underwhelming. The thing is that this isn't Japanese ramen, which typically gives you a punch of flavor. Yet even though this is Taiwanese style I still am expecting that in your face burst of umami flavor. I just felt I was eating a Chinese style beef noodle soup that used ramen. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't anything special I could say for it. There wasn't anything that would make me want to go back a second time. Noodles aren't too pricey, around $10/11 but I prefer the $7 noodle soups from NY food court.
If you're like me and searched Yelp for "ramen" and found Sheng Ramen, you're gonna have a bad time.The name really should be Sheng Noodles, instead of Sheng Ramen. I'm alluding to the name being misleading.They basically took a Taiwanese beef bowl, transplanted the regular noodles with ramen, and called it a day. The owner must have patted himself in the back 3 times that day.The taste, it's okay, like a regular bowl of Taiwanese noodle soup, except with ramen.The business probably knew they can put the word "ramen" in their name, and then magically able to add +$4 to their noodle items. Kudos to them having business sense, capitalizing on the hipster crowd thinking they are trying a brand new kind of "ramen" .One last thing, their beef broth is Jeb Bush. Weak and low energy.
Came here because the food pictures looked great. Got the Sheng spicy dry noodles, spicy beef and sour cabbage ramen and spicy steamed dumplings with Red Tea. The dry noodles were not tasty and just spicy and numbing while the ramen was just average. The spicy steamed dumplings were good but nothing to die for, while the red tea was spot on. Seating is spacious and comfortable and no need to tip.
It's a bit out of the way, tucked inside a sort of mini mall on the corner of Prince St and 37th Ave.  You wouldn't know it if you're just walking along the street.  Food and service were excellent.  Prices were as expected for flushing-very reasonable.  But you get great quality for less than quality prices.  The popcorn chicken was delicious, an excellent accompaniment to the beers and sake that they had.  I was surprised by the alcohol selection.The ramen was also top notch, but at an affordable price.  Great quality but without spending $15 per bowl.  I'm going to take my coworkers there tonight.
Randomly dropped in as we were in the area and OMG found an amazing Gem. The broths were so flavorful , soft boiled egg tasted amazing. One of the best ramen bowls I have had to date this has become my new favorite place to have ramen
This is a new restaurant in flushing for decent beef ramen. I like the setting and the cleanliness of the restaurant. The place even comes with TV with sports channel on. I also like the appetizers here. The price is affordable. I would highly recommend this place.
Very friendly staff. Go there, seat yourself, they'll bring you the menu, you order at the register, and they'll bring you the food. No tip required but it's appreciated. Very clean place and there's enough variety on the menu without being overwhelming. This is Taiwanese style ramen, and they also have rice and dumpling dishes.
If you're looking for Japanese ramen. This place isn't it. It is Chinese noodles and it is absolutely amazing. The staff there is incredible. Michelle is a sweet heart. I recommend the spicy beef ramen with sour cabbage and if you dont like spicy, the gyu kotsu ramen is so rich and flavorful. Their fried squid legs are the bomb! I find myself coming back all the time. Do try it out and do remember this isn't Japanese ramen.
Beautiful place! Good food, good customer service! I frequently bring my friends here and they love it too!!My favorite ramen bowl is the Guy Kotsu Ramen! The beef is cooked to perfection, and has enough vegetables and carbs for my diet!
2 STARS FOR NOODLE. 10 stars for braised pork rice.
I ordered the spicy beef ramen and it was delicious.  If you love spicy food, the spicy beef will not disappoint.  I paid $10 for the spicy beef ramen.The place was clean and modern.  There are flat screen TVs and free wifi from the restaurant.  I went on a Sunday late afternoon and the service was quick.  I liked that I can order at the counter and go seat myself.  Someone will bring my order to me.  There is a station where I can pickup my own tea, chopsticks, and condiments so I don't need to be waited on.
Saw my friend posting about this new taiwanese restaurant that has a soft opening so i decided to try it out. Started off with the cucumber salad and the marinated bean curd. Both had just enough flavor to taste good and not be overwhelming. Ordered Gyu Katsu Ramen which was pretty decent, the soft boil egg was perfect and Spicy Beef Ramen had just the right amount of kick of spice in your mouth. It also comes with duck blood which tastes just like pig blood. Manager was very nice and gave us an extra dish of the taiwanese lu rou fan (meat sauce over rice) on the house. The meat was very flavorful and not over cooked. Definitely hands down better than the other taiwanese spot in flushing. The service was superb, both the manager and the waiters came by many times to ask how the food was and offered to fill more soup if we wanted. Manager actually tried to return tip to us claiming that they don't take it because back in Taiwan tip was not necessary. Staff informed us that they had a chain of ten restaurants in Taiwan if we ever go visit Taipei. Will be back for more authentic taiwanese food and great service.
Great place for ramen. It's cafeteria/seat yourself type, no tip required. Very friendly staff. Will definitely come back.
First time trying this place because someone I know mentioned it to me. So I was curious and wanted to try this place out. The staff at this location was super friendly and gives you a nice local mom and pop shop feeling. The noodles were delicious and not that spicy. Another good item was the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It was crispy with a nice kick to it.
These days we're rarely in Flushing but we miss the authentic food. Found a new Taiwanese ramen restaurant. We ordered the A1 spicy Sheng Ramen and A4 72hr broth noodles. The spice level was perfect not overwhelming but you can really savor the heat and flavor. Both were delicious. Definitely will have to make a return trip to Flushing to try out the other items on the menu!
I'm new to the ramen world but I love this place. Inside of a large building that houses other restaurants and such, you'll find this place. You walk in, find a seat & will be given menus before you go up to the counter to order & pay. After they bring the food out to your table for you to enjoy. Their tofu ramen is so good. Haven't gotten a chance to try the other vegetarian friendly options they offer yet. This is a must visit place whenever I'm in Flushing and need something to eat.
Really good food ramen was awesome but be aware if you go they will give you the menu and seat you down BUT!! They won't come back to take your order you have to go to the register and order we spend like an hour waiting without knowing that little detail but lesson learned ant the end food was really good
They use fresh Japanese ramen noodles, but Chinese style. The noodles themselves are Delicious. Portion size aren't so big, but enough for a average lunch. The overall style Is very similar to what you find in the food courts as a specialized chinese style. The restaurant is very casual, fast food like even though the establishment looks more like there's waiter service. Tried a noodle with no soup base (minced pork and veggies) and the classic spicy Sheng ramen, both were ok.
Very friendly staff. I had the spicy beef rib ramen. The broth was very tasty.  The ramen was a bit hard for my taste. Would have liked it to be a little softer. The beef ribs were big and tender to the point of falling off the bone.  I would definitely come back here again.
This place was awesome. I'm a big fan of ramen so called me, JADED!!! I loved the broth here. I got the spicy beef ramen because you know me, I love spicy... The broth was my favorite part. The tofu was a nice touch because I don't think I've ever seen that in a ramen. I love hotpot and it reminded me of that. Overall, this is a great place in flushing for ramen. Next time, i will look to try the Sheng Ramen since that is their signature. I will definitely come back and visit with my friends if I am in flushing and in the mood for ramen.
This place is ok. It took me a while to find it since it's located inside a shopping mall. Once you find it, you'll see a pretty spacious dining area. When I got there it was late night, so there were only two tables with people. I ordered the traditional tonkotsu ramen, and got it pretty fast. (again not that many people anyways) I was afraid that it might taste very salty, as many places in New York are like that, but their flavor was just right. The noodle was decent sized, ingredients were what you would expect in this price range, and nothing really to complain. So overall it's just a generic place for people to dine. It's a calm and chill place for late night dining experience, but don't expect too much from this place.
A must try! Had the A1 and it was awesome. Perfectly cooked thin slices of beef, broth was excellent a nice level of spice and ramen had a great texture. The popcorn chicken was also a great appetizer. Will definitely come back. We also ordered A4 and A5...both also had great broth and ramen cooked perfectly and one of those dishes came with an egg..we had never tasted such a silky egg like that before )note to self, add egg to future ramen dish). The rice with meat sauce was very yummy, can't wait to bring my baby girl to try that. So overall excellent food experience.
Just went here for the first time and ordered a pork and a vegetable ramen. Both were very tasty, filling,  and delicious. We've been looking for a good ramen place without having to go into the city all the time and this may be the place. Will definitely be trying them again.
Decided to try to this place out. I was disappointed with the ramen soup, it was bland. The popcorn chicken and fried bun with condened milk was good.
It's a simple operation whereby you order and they'll take the food to your table. The Ramen and broth are of high-quality, and the soy sauce garlic wings are appropriately tasty. Give this place a try, I bet you won't regret it.
Do not get high expectation to try out just treat it like a fast food and there is many of fast food noodle shop around u can pick and lot better taste ! Thats it !!
Seriously best flavorful ramen I've ever. It's rare to find an awesome ramen place especially with unique creative flavors. Employees were filled with hospitality and asked if everything was ok. I had the veggie tomato based ramen and it is awesome I wish I could eat this back in Boston seriously.
I had beef noodle which is really tasty. Also a side order of Takoyaki. Will recommend friend and go back to try others.
This place is pricy and the ramen is not that good. For the price of the ramen you can get better food around Flushing. It's like a self service place. There is a station with free water and tea. The setting of the restaurant is really free and you just walk in and sit yourself.
First time coming here. The ramen is very unique and is not the traditional Taiwanese ramen....once in a lifetime experience you shouldn't miss out on!!! You will never be able to eat ramen at other restaurants again
I feel so sick after take lunch in this restaurant today  , i run to toilet six time all day , and i did not eat anything after their food until 10 pm .
Super cute new ramen spot in Flushing! The place is a little hidden but in one of the fresher established infrastructures in the neighborhood. The first thing I noticed was the décor. The restaurant itself is very appealing, gives you a subtle feeling that you're in Taiwan instead of Flushing. The staff is also super pleasant and helpful when providing recommendations for your taste buds! Take note that this is more like Taiwanese ramen rather than the typical Japanese ramen (you can definitely get that feel after tasting the broth). Service is a bit different here; you order at the register but they still bring you your food. We ordered the marinated pig ear and Gyu Kaku Ramen.  The pig ears were a little bland, but the ramen made up for it. They also recommended the herbal tea and it was amazing - nothing like I've ever had before!
This place amazing literally. Idk if she's the owner or what not but there's a lady late night super nice. Oh man their noodles is great never was really into noodles but man idk if I was just hungry or what I finished that thing in less than 10mins. Food is great, place is amazing, and the lady haha shes great
I love ramen but this is definitely not ramen. Went in a weekend noon with my bf but didn't see anyone walked into the restaurant during our entire lunch. The food is nothing like ramen. I can't even finish it though I'm super hungry. Also ordered tea and it tastes like sugar water. Will never go again and will never recommend to any of my friends.
By all accounts this should have been a 3 to 3.5 so i rounded up for a couple of reasons.  The taste was decent (good even) but not spectacular.  I ordered the spicy beef ramen which lived up to the name as it was really spicy.  I also had Taiwanese style bean curd (豆乾）which was made right and was absolutely delicious.   With the food was Taiwanese beer which made the meal that much better.
Checked in on 6/24/17 for Lunch.Overall experience was mixed. Service was fine and suggestive but the food was mixed.Pigs Ear - Tasted fine but the not all pieces were not completely sliced through which some piece ended up in clumps which was kinda of gross.Gyu Katsu Ramen - Not great.  Bland but the thinly sliced beef was decent.Jajang w. Minced Meat Dry Ramen - It's okay.  Not great but the not the worst.  Smallest cut of bean curd I have ever seen and ate (if it was a little bigger it would make the experience better).  Also, the egg should not be cold!  It was cold!Would not go back again.
Sheng Ramen serves Taiwanese style ramen so don't come here looking for Japanese style ramen. I've never had Taiwanese ramen so I was excited when they finally opened last weekend. On their recommendation we ordered the house special sheng ramen. It came topped with pieces of thinly sliced steak, beef tendon, fried tofu, and bean sprouts. We were delighted with all the toppings. The menu says spicy but it is not overwhelming. We could smell the exotic flavors of the soup as it was placed on our table. The broth doesn't have the rich fattiness of Japanese ramen. Instead it is rich in flavor and not too heavy. You won't feel guilty drinking the whole bowl. The noodles were perfectly textured and chewy.We also tried the dry ramen with the sheng special sauce. It has a kick to it with the kind of tongue numbing spiciness found in Szechuan dishes. I loved it!The staff was friendly and helpful. I learned from talking to the owner they get their noodles from Sun Noodle aka the secret weapon of America's best noodle shops. The restaurant has a nice coziness to it, strange as it is in the middle of Flushing.
Came here on a whim today as I was craving some spicy ramen. The best decision ever!! Ordered the vegetable ramen to go. Packing the food the way they did made sure nothing would spill. And it was absolutely delicious!! Cant wait to come back here!! It is now my only go-to spot for Ramen.
Ramen was a disappointment. The noodles tasted like supermarket bought. But their hot tea was pretty good.
Escape the bustling flushing in this nice quaint spot. Owner is friendly and helpful with suggestions. Order up front, take a seat, and they'll bring the food to you.We got the spicy dumplings and sheng ramen combo with the opening promo of cucumber salad and winter melon drink. The soup base is the same for both of them. Dumplings were good proportion of pork to cabbage to dough. Ramen was good, but it wains in comparison to Japanese ramen shops. It's similar to the food court food but in a nice environment with healthier utensils, and better ingredients (I liked that the ramen had beef tendon bits). Priced well/appropriately.
Good thing about this ramen place is that it's not overly salty like your typical Japanese ramen. I don't think the dishes were over the top and definitely not the best ramen In queens. The texture of the noodles are perfect, but there's something about the broth that doesn't cut it for me. The portion are closer to the smaller end and I was not full at the end of my meal. Even after having their fried buns with condense milk.
Popcorn chicken was done perfectly. Ramen orders 1 and 4 were tasteless and had such little substance. Way overpriced. Would rather pay 4-6$ more for a real bowl. Or 9.50$ less for an instant bowl.
I get Sheng ramen for my dinner, and it was so good!!! I went around for ramen shop in Flushing area and this restaurant jumped into my sight. The beef was so tasty that I want to order more beef in it lol!! I highly recommend this ramen store to all of you! The place was clean and you can get water at anytime by yourself. I'll definitely come here again!
Food was delicious but was a bit spicy for my taste. However, I really like the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It was da bomb.
I got the braised beef and vegetable ramen and the bf got the gyu kotzu ramen as well as the spicy dumplings. The broth of both soups were delicious (and I especially like it cause it's beef based), but I liked my order better. It was more soysauce-y if you're into that. I also like that they have self serve water, tea as well as to the utensils and spices. We used their spicy butter on our soups and it enhanced the taste so well! We got just enough spice that we wanted. My boyfriend loved the dumplings, sweating from the spice but he said it was delicious and kept eating anyway. The place is nice and cozy enclosed in this building with a bunch of other new restaurants. Will definitely come back here and try the other ramens and other things on the menu. I also really like the fact that it's more of an area that's away from the hustle and bustle of main street/roosevelt. Although, parking is still a hunt as you may already know of Flushing. All in all, recommend you try it!
I saw the advertisement yesterday, and came today. Didn't get disappointed. I highly recommend their signature beef ramen and fried chicken.
I went out of my way to visit this place because my friend recommended me. The trip was very worthwhile. I got F1 and B5. The soup was very rich and the portion for meat was enough to fill me up. Adding on the dumplings were fire!! It was juicy and meaty just the way I like it!! Definitely making another trip to this joint soon. Strongly recommend this place.
I really like the taiwanese ramen that they serve here. It has just the right amount of heat and flavor. My favorite is their Spicy Beef with Sour Cabbage Ramen compared to their dry ramen. I think their dry ramen packs a little more heat since it's dry. If you have room, their dumplings are a must as well! The Taiwanese popcorn chicken could be better but my friends did enjoy how their basil was perfectly crisp and used as their garnish.
I never come to Flushing but I heard good things about this little Taiwanese ramen shop. They had two TVs playing American TV and Taiwanese news, which was super reminiscent. It seems like a family runs this location, which is adorable. The woman at the register was very friendly. We had the popcorn chicken, dry noodles with shacha sauce, lu rou fan (not sure if it's on the menu, but it is THE dish I get when I go back to Taiwan, and it was incredible here), dumplings, wintermelon tea, and one of the noodle soups, which was incredible. The broth was amazing itself. Recommend!
Ramen is average- Gyu kotsu ramen was a let down as the beef was sparse and not very impressive.  Tonkotsu ramen was better, par with what you'd expect from other ramen joints.The side dishes were actually a pleasant surprise, with the marinated beef muscle and Taiwanese sausage a hit at our table.
Amazing place! Would definitely go back! Highly recommend the braided pork over rice!
I had spicy beef ramen. Love their beef broth and the frozen tofu.  Also their side dishes are very good...My daughters fight for the fried bun and marinated bean curd.    Hope they will open a store in Manhattan.
I won't say the ramen and the beef rice soup taste bad, they actually taste ok. However, the small portion that they give bothers me that's why I have to post this comment.Me as a young male that weight about 136 pounds, have to order at least two dishes to feel fulfilling, I ordered the spicy beef ramen for my wife and the beef rice soup for my wife. My wife didn't like her dish so I ate both, and still left feeling hungry and needs to find another place to stuff my stomachs.And that's $23!So I am not really satisfy, overall if they make the portion larger I would give a 4 star for the taste because it is actually quiet ok.One more thing, the duck blood doesn't taste like duck blood at all! It is more like pig blood. It is not soft, and has pig blood scents. I eat duck blood since childhood, there is no way that duck blood taste like that. If you have ordered the duck blood, you will understand what I mean.
Best Taiwanese food ever... great price and very authentic. Ordered 10 different dishes and none of them bad. Words cannot describe its deliciousness.
Had the Sheng Ramen and it was very delicious.  I agree that Sheng Ramen is not like a traditional Japanese ramen shop with stewed pork bone or shoyu broth, but this fusion Japanese/Taiwanese deserves some recognition.  The broth was spicy, flavorful, and had many different condiments within it.  Reminded me of a malaa tang. The duck blood was a nice touch and was not something I have had within a noodle soup before.  Also ordered a bowl of the spicy dumplings and it would have been a very good stand alone dish.  Overall, people complaining about the untraditional factors within this establishment miss the big point.  The restaurant is creating a niche for itself that attracts flavors from Taiwan and Japan.  Sheng Ramen is one of the few Flushing restaurants that is bringing innovation to the Flushing food scene.  This fact should be embraced and encouraged for future establishments.
Average Ramen, nothing special. The ramen, broth and dumplings were bland. This place is a dime a dozen.
We ordered the A1 and B1.   The A1 is their signature spicy soup noodle.  Beef is very fresh,  soup is very tasty, and the ramen is authentic Japanese ramen.The B1 is a dry spicy noodle.  If you like spicy then the B1 will not disappoint.   This is a very unique noodle shop.   I look forward to going again.
Ramen with a Taiwanese twist. Got the Gyu Katsu ramen but was rather disappointed in their broth. For 72 hours, there wasn't much thickness to the broth but got a gamey flavor instead. To mask this flavor, I ended up adding their spicy butter and some soy sauce and vinegar. Ramen had a good texture though and I appreciated the lime ice water. Their Taiwanese popcorn chicken was nicely flavored but nothing I haven't had before. Passable but not memorable.
The service here is very friendly and social. Then again my friend eats there a lot so they probably know him. The ramen is soaked in 72 hour and taste amazing. It is self seating and the water cooler is right there so you can get water whenever you want. It's small but quiet and has a friendly atmosphere about it
Yummy Taiwanese-style ramen noodles and other Taiwanese food staples such as braised pork over rice and mapo tofu over noodles will keep me coming back for more.  Try the iced red tea!! Simply delicious!
Decided to be adventurous and came here for lunch. To say the least, I wasn't disappointed. I got the Sheng Spicy Sauce Dry Ramen (B1) and it was delicious. Portions are good and for the price, the ramen is definitely worth it. If you live in the area or you are visiting, it's definitely worth dropping by!
I stopped by for lunch with my boys and we ordered the gyu kotsu ramen, dry ramen with spicy sauce and the rice with meat sauce.   All three were simply delicious.  The broth of the first ramen was flavorful and rich.  The spicy sauce delivered the heat and was bold. My picky four year old devoured the rice and meat sauce in minutes.  We ordered different noodles and more of the rice for takeout because it was that good!  The staff is friendly and efficient.  So happy we tried Sheng Ramen during the soft opening and can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  Oh and be sure to try their spicy butter
I got the Mabo tofu and it was solid. It hit the spot. Next time, I will get a noodle dish, because the ones my friends got looked amazing.
Fresh chewy noodles in yummy broth! YES!Spicy enough to satisfy my "spicy craving" YES!Food with fresh ingredients my little ones actually liked and ate! YES!-they ate up the soup ramen A4, rice with minced meat and boiled eggs. That's a winning combo any day!Definitely will be going back to try all the other things on the menu.
Today is their soft opening, it was a great success. The food that we had was delicious! We had Guy Kotsu Ramen, Braised beef and  vegetable Ramen, Sheng Ramen (their signature ramen), spicy beef ramen and steamed rice with meat sauce.
first time came here to try something new ramen was sooo disspoint at it first the cashier wasnt so not nice when im ordering i was order a beef bone noodle soup he give me the beef noodle soup i was like did i oder beef bone noodle？he say no u order beef noodle soup i say i was point at the picture front desk to order its ur problem made mistake order for me 。so can i change diff one？ no this already made u can not return ok fine can i get side order of beef bone then can u sell it？he say no we not sell beef bone alone u have buy the whole order wow i was like u made the mistake order ur not doing anything about it while ago i was eatting the noodle soup it was so salty not tradditonal ramen soup just like a satly chinese noodle soup i will never come here again look like they are a family store people who was figting in kitchen i front of dinning so rupe they dont care about the bussnines？once again DONT COME HERE EAT RAMEN BADDDDD TASTE
Great service, great food, love the ice tea and prices are unbelievable..
Love the fried squid head for appetizer!   The ramen is good, very good soup base!  The eggs in ramen are superb, always want to order one more!
The food tasted okay, but the portions are very very small. It is too expensive for what they give you. The menu selection is also quite limited. I kept saying to myself that I could have ate a much better meal at congee village downstairs.
I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The noodles are just ok, if you are looking for Taiwanese style beef noodles, this is not the place. Side dishes are just ok. Fried chicken and the cleanness of this place are the only two things that could count as good.
Food was ok, nothing special. This is a Chinese-owned establishment and cooked in Chinese/Taiwanese style. The menu looked promising and B1 (pre-set meal). Didn't enjoy their self-made drinks and thought it was odd. The noodles were alright and ranges around $9-16 a bowl. I am still not sure how I feel about the beef....its basically the same beef you get when you go to a Pho restaurant. Also, the quantity of the beef was small and I didn't feel full after my meal. I got hungry 30 minutes later and got some dumplings on Main street.
Five stars for the braised pork over rice. Excellent. One of the best I've had. Had the Taiwanese chicken and the spicy sheng ramen both good. Great Taiwanese fast food. Quick and tasty. Will be back.
not a bad place...its basically self serve - seat yourself, order at the counter, grab your own drinks. its nice bc you can do things at your own pace. i had the bone soup noodles with beef. its a decent portion size but presentation is lacking. i havent had a bone broth before so i cant say how well it compares to others. it isnt something memorable but its not bad either. they also have dry ramen which id like to try next time. the fried chicken app is good and the steamed/spicy dumplings arent so bad although i think i prefer the spicy one.
To be honest, I was a little disappointed. Based on the reviews and photos, I really thought the food would be very delicious so I went w a friend to try. However, the beef noodle soup was very plain. It's not tasty like Japanese ramen or Vietnamese pho. Whatever they called their ramen is just disappointing. Even the cucumber cold dish is plain. Won't go back again.
Finally had a chance to try out some Taiwanese Style Ramen last Sunday, Had the A4, Beef bone and ribs broth Ramen. I must say, I like it alot. Had also the Gyoza, and Fried Bun with Condensed Milk.  Price is fair, not bad.
noodles are aldente and the broth is very tasty. the beef topping is okay, i like the salty egg. place is really cozy too!
Great food, great staff, amazing clean environment. Imported teas are to die for. Very high quality of ramen, don't hesitate on anything!
Love this place!! The ramen is authentic and amazing. And the people are absolutely wonderful! So kind, attentive, and very friendly. I highly recommend this spot for anyone who likes ramen!
Location: flushing. Place is clean and modern.  I came here simply because of yelp Wes' review. And I write my review to reconfirm how good this place is. If you are looking for a Chinese bbq place, this is the place!Food: had their potato noodle along with flavor everything, I was too full to walk off the restaurant. But I am happy: sauce is delicious, meat is fresh, flavor is spicy. And this is exactly what we had Chinese bbq in mainland. Oh dear, Price: not expensive if you split with others. Service: Chinese and English, they know it all. Overall: 5 starsssss
I'm so disappointed.  I had this place bookmarked because they were supposed to serve large premium skewers using real metal skewers.  But this turned out not to be the case.  Only two skewers came on metal.I went for an assortment of skewers and nothing really stood out.  The lamb one was $3 and was the best of the bunch, but also nothing impressive.  Most of the lamb was fat.  It had nice lamb flavor since there was so much fat on it, but the seasoning was lacking.  I was hoping for some spiciness, which was not there.Nothing else I tried ended up being good.  The chicken heart was tough.  The chicken feet were really dried up and difficult to eat.  The lamb tendon was cold.  Most items, even though they supposedly came freshly off the grill, seemed only lukewarm.  And everything was seasoned the same way, that is to say underseasoned and without any of the nice cumin flavor you get from the stands.In the end, it ended up costing me around $14 to try seven skewers.  The price wasn't bad, but the skewers were nothing special.  Maybe I just didn't order the right items, but I've had much better from the stands on the street.
Don't waste your time here, there's tons of great BBQ places in Flushing. I walked in and the lady told me it's only 20-30 minutes wait when in fact, it's 1hr and 30 minutes. I was on the line with other customers, and the lady supposed to call numbers by order, you know, like 1, 2, 3, 4, instead, she yelled, "who wants to sit at that table?" And let last person to arrived sit at the table. People got very furious and asked her what's the point of the stickers if she don't  call by the number order, etc. 20 minutes later, my number was called, but I have to share the tiny table with other customers? What? There's an empty table right there! I asked the lady and she said, "well, that's for 4 people. " then let two people who were after me sit at the table. I asked for an explanation and she tried so hard to lie about it, denying the fact. The food was very bland, not much flavor and the clam noodle has sands in it. Disgusting.
Lots of variety of food, skewer pot, pig's brain, spicy crawfish, Wang Zai hot milk are must tried. Service is a little too slow, places are too crowded and noisy with no privacy, people lining up next to your table as they watch you eat. Other than that, food taste good, great place for friends gathering.
Authentic 串儿 place!! Soooo good. Two of us came for the first time and were pretty amazed by the selection. I loved the eggplant / AA菜 / lamb and beef tendon skewers. Make sure you specify the spicy level! It is also very easy to get much food without noticing. We were super full afterwards and saw a lot of people waiting for the seat at the door. With that said, plan ahead for the wait. We came at 5:30 for a Saturday dinner.
Came here on a Wednesday afternoon around 4:30PM. The restaurant was a bit empty since it opens at 4PM. The staffs are very polite and they have a good menu selection. We ordered skewers, the skewer hotpot and the spicy stir fry clams. Skewers: very good! We ordered beef, chicken, chicken wings, squid legs and fish tofu. They were all very good, no complaints. Skewer hot pot: this is where I took off the 1 star. It's a cool concept to have a hot pot version of skewers, but I prefer the skewer to be grilled. The broth lacks flavor, and things kept falling into the soup base as we try to take the skewer out. It will be a pass for me. For $30, I would rather get more skewers. Spicy stir fry clams: I wouldn't pay $14 (I think) for this dish again. It has a slime texture to it, and the clams itself is very small, too small for my taste. It also lacks flavor. Overall, I will come back again for the skewers, but I'll pass on the hotpot and clams.
Review For Friendship BBQ October 27th 2017:DELICIOUS Xinjiang Skewers! Found this "hole in the wall" restaurant while walking down on Union St with a friend looking for a quick bite on a  Friday night, and boy is it a gem! Even though the place was packed, we managed to secure one of the last tables and were quickly seated and provided with drinks, complimentary peanuts, and menus. From hotpot to chinese-style cold dishes, their menu was pretty extensive. However, my eyes were on those BBQ skewers. Meat & Seafood BBQ typically will cost you $1.5-3 each depending on how many you get. They also sell their skewers in 10 to 30-count quantities. Just keep in mind that the portions for each skewer are larger than you may think! And for those of you considering just buying a skewer from one of those roadside stands, let me tell you that every bite was well worth the price!!My friend and I ended up ordering Shrimp, their Signature Xinjiang Lamb Skewers, Chicken, Shrimp, and Squid Skewers. All skewers came out piping hot and ready to eat. Lamb skewers blew me away: huge chunks of meat sizzling in a Cumin/Szechuan - like spice rub, delicious and probably downed that skewer in less than a minute. Other skewers were fairly decent in flavor as well. Skewers were slightly on the spicy side so it was perfect for a cold Friday night.Other than that, I didn't really mind the decor: it was pretty standard, but the ambience was just right to satisfy my cravings for xinjiang-style skewers!
The food here mostly consists of meats and vegetables etc. bbq on skewers. The food is pretty tasty and we enjoyed it. It wasn't exceptional or anything crazy but it was enjoyable. When we went there wasn't too many people here and the service was pretty good. The servers were attentive and quite nice. Our food also came out quite fast which is a plus.My favorite skewer here was the xinjiang lamb skewers. Very tender and juicy! It's $3 per skewer and very big. The normal lamb skewers are $2 and I felt it wasn't as good as the xinjiang style ones. The texture of the meat wasn't as good.Also I recommend the enoki mushrooms and eggplant! They were very delicious. The egg fried rice is also a good combo with the meats. The price here isn't cheap though. It's about $2 for most of the skewers and the price can add up.
1. They have a post in shop which says there would be lottery every month if you follow their WeChat account. But they never publish the lottery number.It seems like they are using this to cheat customers to follow their WeChat.2.Bad service! People jump the queue but they just let them in.
This is a very decent Chinese BBQ place in Flushing area.  It gets packed fast during dining hours, and they won't seat ppl until everyone is there.The oysters and giant clams were fresh & delicious.  Most of the meat skewers were quite tasty as well.  The only negative was there was gas taste to a few specific items, since it wasn't cooked with charcoal.They have more than just BBQ and we will definitely go back to try!
First time here the food was amazing , prices even better , service was fast , let me say this if you ever had Korean BBQ you're in for a treat There skewers are amazing Def try the chicken and the lamb ones !Beef soup is also great Will def come here again with more people !
Super crowded and hot. Flavor is good... BUT I had food poison within the two hour stay there. There is only one bathroom and ppl are waiting. Its embarrassing. Not coming back.
Oh man, is this place legit or what?  Don't bother with the hotpot, just go for the grilled meats, much more flavorful and the sauces/seasonings were on point.  The menu might seem a little intimidating with all the options, but just order a little of everything, there really wasn't anything that was meh or terrible.  Aside from the BBQ stuff, the cucumber and cayenne peppers were fantastic side dishes.  Just be careful with the cayenne peppers, it is no joke how spicy they are.  If you can't handle spicy stuff, this will literally incapacitate you.  The beer tower is an amazing value if you're going with a group of people.Little miffed as a Korean that they label the soju on the menu as sake... c'mon man...But that won't stop me from going back, will probably try some of the non-BBQ stuff next time.  Probably one of the tastiest meals I've had in New York.
It's the simple things in life that makes it all worthwhile. IMO good food and even better company would suffice.The evergrowing competition in Flushing makes it difficult for businesses to keep their heads above water, so when we stumbled upon this place jammin late night, we knew there must be something we're missing out.  Service 4/5English friendly. Wait time for 10:30pm Friday night was 15min. Be sure to grab your number so you don't loose your place in line. Young, energetic, vibrant servers knowledgeable in the menu items, another plus to this visit.Spicy crawfish 3.5/5Mundane crawfish stirfry. I would save my appetitie for the real thing.The star of the show was the Xinjiang Lamb skewers 5/5, with huge chunks of lamb and seasoned to perfection.  Forget the bamboo sticks, they wrapped these meat cubes in tree branch which might be for the show, or might help accenturate the flavor of the meat. I have to say, the execution of the lamb was superb, big chunks of lamb can easily mask the flavor and be too gamey for my taste, but their secret to this perfection is zero gamey, yet soft chewy, perfect for my palate. To cut to the chase, order yourself some XinJiang Lamb skewers, your tummy would thank you. Rec: The meat bbq skewers.
It's a perfect place for late night food (4PM-3AM) or for friend/family gathering (to share food).I have been here twice and have tried most of its signature items. *Skewer Hot Pot* I like the diversity of the skewers: it includes beef tripe, beef, shrimp, quail egg, fish tofu, fried tofu curd, Chinese cabbage, fish ball, corn, mushroom and seaweed. The taste of the broth is not the most impressive part though. *Szuchuan Grilled Fish*Had this twice, what I enjoy is the taste of spices. However, the grilled fish tasted like fried fish; more vegetables would also be great. My friends were "fighting" for the few pieces of lotus and green vegetables. *Xinxiang Special Lamb Skewer*This is what Friendship BBQ famous for. The lamb tasted fresh to me, without the odd smell of lamb. I would assume that they marinate the meat very well. There are also some seafood items on the menu, it's hit or miss. For people who like the grilled, seasoned style, this is for you. For people who like the original freshness of seafood, you probably won't like this style as much as steamed seafood.I may come back again if my friends are craving for it, but I may not initiate another dinner here since overall it's still a bit salty and a bit too loud in my opinion.
THIS IS A HOLE IN THE WALL! Which is surprising because they are always jammed pack! When I came here, I just shared seats with someone because it was quick. The grilled meat skewers are amazing in every way! Food here is price pretty reasonable. Tbh actually the price here and cart prices are about the same. I would watch out what I order tho! Some of the dishes are a hit or miss. Overall, food and service are pretty quick. Definitely would come back!
I've came here twice in the past month to difference experiences.  I loved the restaurant the first time due to a combination of great service and delicious food, meanwhile, the second experience was bit of a let down due to the lackluster service, although the food was still pretty good.  Here are some of the items we've tried:Spicy Hot Pot with 30 skewers - the first time we came, I've asked the waiter whether we can substitute any items and he said we can substitute anything we want with the caveat that the items in group A would be pricier.  We ended up not doing any substitutions so that we can try all of 13 items.  We found out that we only like a few of the items, such as the tripe, beef, quail eggs and the fish tofu, all of which were in Group A.  When we came the second time, we asked if we can only get items from group A and pay extra if necessary.  However, the waiter emphatically said no substitutions.  It was a bit annoying that the two waiters were contradicting each other, particularly since the menu has listed the a la carte prices for each skewers.  Overall, this dish is a great deal, however most of the items were just not very good, particularly the corn (they use the starchy kind of corn and is just mushy), the seaweed knot and the vegetable rolls (which is just scallions wrapped in tofu skin).  We ended up throwing out 1/3 of the skewers, which was a waste.  I don't think I would order this again unless they allow you to tailor it as you wish and just charge a la carte prices.Grilled skewers:Xinjiang Special Lamb - the best skewer here!  It is the most expensive meat skewer, but oh so worth it.  It comes on a gigantic tree branch looking skewer and the meat is seasoned to perfection.  Moreover, I love the perfect balance of fattiness of the lamb. This is hand's down my favorite lamb skewer in Flushing.Gizzard - second favorite, although they ran out of it the second time we came.  The gizzards were grilled to the perfect amount of chewiness.Other skewers we've tried included the squid, fish tofu, sausage, pork skin and beef tendon, all of which were well seasoned and cooked.We've also tried the stir fried string beans, which was super salty for my taste, but the rest of my group loved it and finished the whole dish.The price here is reasonable with each skewer averaged around $1.5, which is what the typical skewer trucks parked around Flushing charges.  It is a great deal to be able to sit in a restaurant and enjoy delicious skewers for the same price as you would get from food trucks.  The only drawdown has been the inconsistent service.  As I mentioned, our first experience was impeccable, the servers came by to check on us, refilled our water glasses, made sure we cooked the hot pot properly, etc.  In comparison, our second experience was extremely lacking.  The hot pot over flowed and spilled the boiling hot soup all over the table.  We had to flag down the waiter to give us extra napkins.  We helped our waiter to clean up the mess, but he just left the dirty napkins on the table, which was a bit of a turn off.  Moreover, it was difficult to get their attention to refill our water, as well as to order extra items.  Perhaps they were short-handed during our second visit.  Overall, I think the food trumps the inconsistent service and would definitely come back again.
Came here to try this place out on a Friday night. The place was packed but we managed to be seated after about 15 minutes. We order sausage, beef, lamb, tendons, jelly fish, mackerel, and crawfish. Everything was delicious and definitely did not disappoint. The beer were also inexpensive. The only thing was we wanted to order a pitcher of beer but was told that it will not be cold so we ended up ordering individual bottles. I wouldn't recommend the jelly fish dish. It was not worth the price. Overall, I really enjoy how casual this place is. I would definitely return to try the rest of the menu. For the four of us the bill came out to about $100.
Best Chinese skewer BBQ in town for sure!People who work here is very nice, they don't rush you to finish. Or, hand you the check before you finish. I believe I've come here at least 6times last months. It's a place where you can enjoy the authentic BBQ while chatting with friends or having a late bite after long working day. They also have a private room in the back it's available for 14 people I think.
took well over an hour to drive here from newport NJ. but that xinjiang lamb skewer made the trip worth it. in hindsight, i would have skipped ordering the other skewers and small dishes and devoured more of the lamb. so reminiscent of cold wintry nights in northern china.
BBQ so goodService SOOOOO BADHence the 3 starsWe waited for an hour Then they ran out of lamb!!!! Like WAAAAHT?!
Solid and fairly authentic Chinese BBQ in Flushing. This place can be really great with a group of people with their large menu and drinks too. Might be the best Chinese BBQ I've had in NYC. Definitely come here if you are looking for something a little more authentic.
Authentic Northeastern China style street food and regional foods!!! Guaranteed! So I went there earlier with eight friends. And ordered a whole lot table of food. Really enjoyed it. You can get as noisy as you want with beer, BBQ, grilled goods, and northeastern style pickled cabbage hot pot with pork belly, and the best crawl fish in a long while.Dining over there makes me feel like tele-porting me to a summer night having street food and beer and chattering at a little BBQ stand. So nostalgic.
I don't trust yelp with 4 star reviews anymore unless they are over 300 -500 reviews ! Almost every place recently that I trusted from yelp reviews have disappointed. This place has good looking picture but please don't let them deceive your eyeballs ! Please ! The quality of meat here is a 1/10. The spicy broth may look good but tastes absolutely gross.
Really doesn't taste good there.  Ordered the $30 for 30 skewer hotpot.  It was the worst skewers ever. Some of the skewers has only two tiny cabbage and the black mushroom was so mushy.  The soup base was horrible.  Definitely a rip-off item to order there.
If you have a Chinese tongue then this is not the place for you. I feel like there are probably better places in flushing. The grilled fish was pretty average, the grilled eggplant tasted like plum sauce, and the sesame oil duck tongue was not so fresh.
A friend recommended me the place. Average $30-$40 per person. Highly recommend northeast pork bones, Tsingtao beer, lamb BBQ, tendons BBQ, eggplants.The spicy pot which cost $30 was not that good.
This place is legit. Wife is from northern China, and we've been all over to the skewer places in LA. They have their spice down, and meat is cooked very well.Side dishes are pretty good too. May be a little different than other places but everything was tasty and fast. Open late too.
Great hot pot / BBQ place in Flushing. Good selection of both. Good food quality. Not the biggest place, and sometimes a bit of a wait.
The food is ok but the staff aren't very lively and it takes a long time for them to notice you if you want something. The food is also not really fresh either but the seasonings are the best!
I asked the waiter to bring my high chair for my baby the moment that I enter the restaurant , and they didn't bring me right away. After a little while I asked them again, and they told me that some other customers ask for it and they only have one which they came after me. I told them I ask first, and they gave me excuse like I don't think you daughter can fit in. I told them I'm sure my daughter can fit in, so they finally brought it to me.My daughter spilled some of her cookies on the floor and the waiters came and complain to me which they can just dust it with broom real quick. All the restaurants I went, this is the first restaurant that would complain to me for which a baby would do really normal. None of other restaurants had ever complain to me before for things like this, and I usually would tip them good because of this!Finally come the best part that we asked not to put spice on the grilled whole egg because it's for my daughter and they said ok, but when the food came it was cover with lots of pepper and the grilled whole egg was the size of my finger (same length and think). It tasted like rubber bend. The $3 banana was literally grilled banana with some sesame on top of it. The grilled chicken we ordered was not even cut. The pork intestine was like all fat and soft till the point I only took one bit and never touch it again. The $16 lamb soup was soup with lamb meat that is only like a few dices in it........ The whole time me and my friend were laughing because we never see food that is so unbelievable horrible like this, so we check out and went to a dessert place right away.......
The place is bad, the service is no good. Don't come, $$$pricy and you be disappointed : (
this is a great place with north-eastern style of hotpot and bbq. as a vegetarian i was delighted when i found out they had bbq vegetarian balls i was estatic. i also loved the eggplant and sourcabbage, great flavours and as its awesome that i didnt feel left out despite that im vegetarian since most bbq optios are carnivorious. would come back again for the sour cabbage hot pot.
Authentic Chinese BBQ excellent food and service, Menu price is fair, variety of drinks, I would definitely recommend it, remember to bring few friend to enjoy the food and the atmosphere, is a great way to experience traditional Chinese culture
The food presentation was just as amazing as the taste. I recommend the oyster and the eggplant dish. The only flaws I found were that the wait time in between the dishes were extremely long. I'm talking at least 15 min because of how busy it is.
I like to eat this BBQ.The taste I love  the service is very good and will come again next time.
The food is delicious but be aware that there usually is a long wait, tiny space, and one bathroom stall for everyone which was dirty when I had to use it. For the food, I recommend the garlic eggplant and grilled sesame buns- simple but deliciously charred.
The food was average, but the experience was terrible. I ended up to pay 30% tips because the waiters and the manager were nice, but the waitress in there made me sooo embarrassed, she had bad attitude and very unhappy face, and didn't apologize for what she did, kept arguing, arguing... I don't think I will ever go back to this place again if she still works, never tell friends to go.
terrible service, we wait for a long time for filling up water. It cost too much time for waiting this night, and the food is just okay, not such fantastic as ad shows.
This place is not cheap. The special beef stick that they claimed is Kobe beef serving for $1each was super tiny. There were like 4 tiny little meat hanging on the sticks only. We ordered BBQ food and the taste was okay...a lot of cumins and peppers. The sautéed conch was terrible. I am pretty sure it was frozen conch and it felt like eating rubber band.
The attitude of waitress is soooo bad. We have waited outside for about half hour for a table but the waitress skip our reservation by stupid reason. I would not go to this restaurant any more.
Love love this place, the decoration, the food and the overall ambiance. The place is packed and waited for 30 minutes to be seated, it was bearable especially the skewers are just so so good. The eggplant is to the point i terms of moisture and garlic, the lamb is excellent :) would come back to this place again.
If you want some great meat skewers then this is a place you don't wanna miss. I gotta say if you want to try the best meat in the store order the item call ahn-tsu-on or basically bbq baby chicken. Sound horrendous but don't hate it before you try it. I thought it sounded cruel and unusual as well but after I tried it goddamn did I fall in love. The baby chicken was so tender and juicy that you can taste the juice flowing out. It as sauced and flaked greatly so that every bite you take is savory and heaven like. With each bite you'll want more and more until you realize there's none left! This baby chicken thing is a meat to die for. Definitely try it out. The lamb meat skewers are average.. Kinda fatty in my opinion. Sometimes you would get huge chunks of fat in your mouth and that's just plain nasty. I also ordered fish tofu, string bean, cold chicken, which basically all just taste average. Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is cuz of that baby chicken. Goddamn that was good. Oh don't order the noodles, it's bland even tho it looks spicy. You can try it, but I can't promise you'll like it.
Frozen clams, dry BBQ, one restroom, ingredients not fresh, service is alright. Another young and popping place after midnight that serves less then average BBQ and sautéed spicy dishes that comes out warm.
If you are deciding between this and Shang Shang woman, and wondering if it's worth the wait, I am telling you it is. The food is great, service fast and waitress are very responsive and professional. Definitely will come again.
This is the perfect spot for a late night meal since they don't close until 3 AM most nights. My boyfriend and I ordered the hot pot skewers, beef skewers, and chicken skewers. The hot pot skewer deal comes out with a gas grill with the pot of uncooked skewers. It takes about 5 minutes to cook everything. We enjoyed the variety of the hot pot skewers and the taste of the spicy broth itself. However, there are just some items that come with the 30$ hot pot skewer deal that we did not like. If you know what you like, then we recommend just ordering what you like. If you don't know what you like and just want to experience something, then order the 30$ hot pot skewer deal. Disclaimer: not everyone likes skewers in hot pot broth; some may prefer grilled skewers. The chicken skewer was average, but the beef skewer was good. The servers were fast, attentive, and super sweet. They do have a button on the side of the wall to call your server to your table. Expect to pay around 15-30$ per person.
I came here twice in the last month. the food was great, especially the bone marrow , coming out all hot and ready to be eaten. My favorite was the lamb skewer and the chives. I will visit here again. Make sure to call to reserve a table , the wait here are long.
Waited 1.5 hours to get our table but once we got our table the food came pretty fast actually. We were able to finish everything we ordered under an hour lol. Portions of everything are pretty descent we had a lot left overs and the cumin crescent bones are the best thing on the menu. Definitely recommend to y'all.
I was at Friendship BBQ with my cousin last Friday.  The food here mostly consists of meat and vegetable skewers either they cook them for you in BBQ style or you can cooked them in the spicy broth yourself.   We got there around 6pm and got seated right away since the place was not packed yet and we were so glad that we got there early because by the time that we left, which was 2 something hours later, there was a line waiting outside. The food was tasty, the BBQ skewers are all very well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend the eggplants, the lamb BBQ and the tendon BBQ as well as the Edamame with boiled peanuts. Would definitely come back here again.
fried noodle sooooo bad.pork intestine smelly no good .and undercooked.anyway the BBQ  is bad
Came for the bone soup but they ran out at 6pm.... all the BBQ sticks are bland. Doesn't even have the BBQ taste.  Sorry but I will not return again.  Would rather spend money at those street vendors. Gave 2 stars because the edamame was decent.
Great food... the oysters, roasted eggplant, and cucumber salad... outstanding!  Excellent informed waitstaff was generous with information for first timers. Thank you and we look forward to returning soon
Authentic Chinese BBQ place.Very nice staff.Price is fair.Lot of variety for drinks.Definitely recommended.
Amazing!!! I have tried this kind of barbecue several times before.  But I don't want to go anywhere else except for Friendship BBQ now!!!
Located in downtown Flushing. And the service was friendly also the food was fantastic. This restaurant are making traditional Chinese BBQ. As you can find a lot Chinese BBQ in Flushing but this one is the best for my opinion.
Highly recommend place for BBQ. The food there is great and very tasty and with reasonable price!
Great food! Extremely busy... went at 9pm waited a while but worth it. The food is spicy but amazing. I had the special lamb which was my favorite.... very quick service!
Came here around mid night, and it was busy. Don't not order their draft beer, so flat. Craw fish was definitely not fresh at all, it's crawfish season you would assume they will get their live crawfish daily from the local supermarket. Grill squid is average, but I really like their grilled fish and the  big red stick Lamb is absolutely amazing, a must get. The egg flavor is good, but I think it's worth the price you pay for.
It's the good place to eat Chinese BBQ！the food really fresh and delicious also the price is very reasonable！
It's the real northeast BBQ taste ! Eggplant and the special Garlic oyster are really good ! Good place to go especially they open till 3 am
I like the spicy clams. The BBQ is not as good as BBQ cart outside, but more expensive than BBQ cart. And the skewer hot pot, very salty but no spicy. And my beef back straps were cold when they put on my table. Very disappointed and expensive, won't come again.
Taste soooo good !!!  I want to be here every week ! There oysters are biggest I ever seen
I came here with 2 friends on Friday night at 8:30PM. We made a reservation but will had to wait for about 15 minutes. The waiting area was super packed, and once we entered, we were shocked that the restaurant space was huge! We ordered lots of vegetables, shrimp paste, one meter beef and fish. We had the half non spicy soup base and half spicy. The medium spicy was wayyyyy too spicy for us, next time we will order little spicy. Overall, I will definitely return back, this is one of the best hot pot restaurant I've been to in New York. Oh, they also have some wine collection and it's very reasonable priced. *keep a look out for your plate and glass cups, some are dirty. I had to ask for a new glass cup because there was still lipstick stain from previous customer.*
This is a beautiful decorated place, the reason for me to give 2 stars is because the spicy soup base is way too oily (may be it's authentic but I really can't tolerate the oil) I wouldn't recommend spicy soup base for girls who are in the diet. We went there several time, every time there was one friend end up with diarrhea and I felt the food is over priced.Waitress and waiter were very kind and friendly, however I felt they need hire more staff, we kind the been ignored. Servers were so busy, after several attempt, I did't even want to bother.
I was very excited to come back to NYC to have some hot pot. Unfortunately, we landed really late so had limited selections. I was excited that this place opened till 2 am and had great reviews. The restaurant looked nice with old world feel. We got seated in the middle area somewhere in the corner. Food was pricey but it was ok cause I was hungry. Although I was annoyed that I had to pay around $3 so I can go make my own dipping sauce (it did come with unlimited fruits but that's not the point).  However, no one came to take our order or bring us water for 15-20 mins. Finally a waitress came and got our order but still never brought us our water.  The food came and it was good but we had to waive down the waitress to bring us our water 30-45 mins in. Also, our pot was boiled down to a cup of soup left and no one came to refill the pot. So all in all.decorations was unique. Service sucked. Food was ok but not worth the price. Btw. It was not that packed if you were wondering.
What a beautiful restaurant! Decor is stunning and it really makes you feel like you stepped into a classy house in ancient China! This place serves up authentic sichuan hot pot like their spicy broth. It was no joke! My friends and I picked the mildest one but it is still pretty spicy like other reviews have mentioned. Tomato based broth is perfect for non-spicy lovers. The meat quality is noticeably a lot better than most hot pot places in Flushing. Fatty beef just melts in your mouth. Their homemade shrimp dumplings and meatballs were really good as well. During the middle of dinner, there were performances! A puppy dog costume person and all staff members started dancing to an upbeat song. They were in sync with their dance moves. That was fun to watch!At the end of the day, the bill does add up but I thought it was worth to try it at least once! They do a surcharge for sauce is definitely wild but it's not unheard of, I have been to a hot pot place that does that as well. Just tasting the authentic broth, I did not utilize the sauce bar at all.
Spice World has always intrigued me and been on the list of hot pot places that I have wanted to try out. Flushing is honestly stepping up their hot pot game-- from small shabu shabus to extravagant hot pot locations. Anyways, Spice World definitely makes it on the list of "top" and "must try" hot pot places in the city. There is always a large crowd of people waiting to be seated, every single time I've passed by. For a table of 4-5, we waited approximately an hour and you will not be seated until your entire party has arrived.The decor here is extravagant and honestly makes the whole restaurant feel so boujee. First, while you wait you are offered free Asian crackers by the host/hostess (TRY THIS, they are extremely good!), a popcorn machine which gives fresh popcorn and they also have some type of juice dispenser all which are free!! You get a paper with a number on it and the host/hostess calls your number to be seated.The inside of the restaurant is even more lavish and is way bigger than you expect it to be. There are private sections for parties and celebrations, but the general area has an amazing ambience and reminded me of decorations back in Hong Kong. The air immediately is clouded with amazing flavours of hotpot, you WILL walk out smelling like hotpot (my clothes lingered with the scent until I washed it). They have a large variety of soup bases and different levels of spiciness. They charge $3 per person, per sauce so hopefully you choose a broth which is flavourful enough that you don't need to pay additional for sauce. The sauce bar also has appetizers like edamame and cherry tomotoes.I recommend the premium beef ($17) which comes on a large paddle and fish tofu. They don't have basic hot pot vegetables such as watercress or spinach which I thought was a little disappointing. The food is very aesthetically pleasing and your eyes definitely eat first! Although I think everything is a little bit on the pricier side, I think that the portions are WAY bigger than they normally are at other locations and everything seems very fresh as well! The service was okay, there was a language barrier since our waiter did not speak English well but the food did come very quickly. They also charged us for something that they neglected to bring out and they rectified the problem without any issue which I appreciate. They also have a little entertainment during certain times (some masked guy was dancing throughout the restaurant).  I enjoyed my meal here and would definitely want to come back to try other things!
Easily the best hotpot in flushing if you know what to order for your bucks. Broth was super flavorful, fresh meats/veggies/fish roe meatballs! Expect to pay $45-$50 per person, full meal but could get this satisfaction somewhere else for around $30.The servers weren't the best with English so we had some troubles ordering. Our table mentioned no lamb to the server due to the smell, but still ended up ordering the special broth that was recommended that had a very strong scent of lamb, so we used only half of the pot.. The watermelon slush is straight up watermelon, no ice, no sugar added.Only one house made noodle on the menu.Seafood combo was NOT worth, you get one lobster, a few oysters, few mussels, and about 2 red clams!
Hey yo.Hotpot is one of the heartiest meals you can have during the winter time. What's better than sitting around a pot filled with broth and boiling in your favorite foods? Yes, EATING THE FOOD. I happened to visit Spice World (香天下) while in Flushing, and I was pretty darn impressed. How impressed? Well, if eating here for 4 hours straight is any indication...Firstly, this restaurant is located on the upper level of New World Mall. The interior of this place is SPACIOUS. Judging by the popularity of this restaurant, I'd say it may be crowded during peak hours.The menu style here is à la carte, which means you are paying more than an AYCE restaurant (extra charge for sauce/garnish station). No worries though, because the portions are GINORMOUS. I wish I had know this before ordering, otherwise I would not have been chomping away for the amount of time I stayed. Chomped:1. Beef and Lamb Combo - the sliced beef came out on a long paddle board!2. Mushroom Combo - the enoki mushrooms here were so smooth and buttery. 3. Red Shrimp - I thought that there was a mistake with the order, because these looked more like prawns! The flavor on these were exquisite. 4. Prime Minister David Cameron's Favorite Pork Meatball w/ Cilantro - skip this; you're paying mainly for the name drop.Those were just a few notable items, but I would suggest keeping the orders to a minimum if you're in a small group. If you're a fan of the numbing, spicy mala flavor, go for the spicy soup.
Spice World is a excellent hotpot location in Flushing. The food quality is amazing, the service is good to great and there are semi-private rooms for big groups. Spice World also has performances that are really cute such as dancing teddy bears (for girls and kids) and entertaining (changing face mask man).We went here for a family member's birthday. And we feasted! We made a reservation for 10. The room was spacious, semi private and we had two large shared hotpots. There was a window towards the stage, so we could watch the performances.Pro tip: There is a special deal if you prepay a set amount ($300), they give you a special discount on some of the items. We ordered two yin-yang soup bases: tomato and pork bone in one pot, and tomato and spicy Sichuan oil soup base. Sauces are obtained at the sauce station and costs 2.99 a person. What's nice is that at the sauce station, you can get cherry tomatoes and fresh fruits to end your meal.We also ordered: House Special Tripe (2), Hand made beef meatball, homemade style crispy meat (fried pork belly), crab stick, fresh ox tongue (2), premium sliced beef (3), Arden lettuce, Tong ho (2), king mushroom (2), Prime Minister Cameron's favorite meatballs, Tricolor meatballs (2), sponge tofu (2), pork neck (3), and hand made noodle. The meat and vegetables were so fresh and beautifully arranged!! My favorite were the homemade shrimp balls, the crab stick and the pork neck. The shrimp balls were springy fresh and so delicious! The crab stick was oceanic sweet and soft. It was amazing! And the Pork neck was a crowd favorite. It was springy, arranged in a beautiful flat circle, savory and juicy.This was a wonderful time! Great food, very entertaining. Very good service. The waiter constantly refilled the hot pots. Sometimes, they spilled but it was ok. The lemon water was in the room. There were fresh cups and bowls, lots of napkins and chopsticks. I will definitely return. With a large group!
I was expecting a long wait so I came prepared. Waited about an hour for a table of 4. You just pick a number and check in with them once in a while. I'd say the quality of meat is really good. We came for CNY dinner so the atmosphere was right on - they had performance with large teddy bears and all waiters joined the dance also. Sauce is an additional $3. Make sure you try the "original way" - oil / scallion / garlic. They will make it for you if you ask someone at the sauce bar.
My friends and I came here to try out their Szechuan hotpot after being enticed by the eye-catching decor and how delicious the food looked in pictures here on Yelp. If you're a big fan of spicy hotpots, then this is the place for you. Spice World offers various types of soup bases for your hotpot. My friends and I settled for the regular spicy level which was still pretty spicy considering the amount of Szechuan peppercorns and red chilis that were in the soup base. They also offered additional oil in cans on the side. For those of you that aren't big fans of spiciness, they also offer a tomato-based non-spicy soup base here. Quality-wise of the ingredients, they were pretty much on-point. My friends and I tried a variety of the different meat offerings on their menu and was pleasantly surprised overall. The meats had a decent marbling to them and the shrimp paste was delicious. Also for an additional $3, you also have access to the sauce bar which provides numerous sauces, as well as access to fruits. Although there were several options for sauces at the sauce bar, I think they still had fewer options than your typical AYCE hotpot place. Overall, my friends and I were pretty much impressed with our first experience here. The wait-staff were courteous, the decor was wonderfully constructed and we all left happily fed.
Tip: You can make reservations on OpenTable!Definitely one of the best hot pot experiences I've had. We got a ton of food including the most popular meter long beef, where it's actually a meter long plate of beef. However, I was sad to see that the homemade cucumber with garlic was gone that many mentioned in their reviews.The ambiance of the place was definitely awesome and they have a live stage where people usually perform. This time, it was a traditional Chinese folktale playing off a projector. Onto what I would call the highlight of the meal - the broth. The traditional Sichuan hot pot broth was 90% oil and peppercorn, which was super spicy and more so for my partner than me. But the other broth, the tomato broth, was the best broth I've ever had in my life. I drank so many gallons of that broth by itself, it was that good. I was definitely scared to try it at first as most places make it so bland or way too tomato-y. Not here.Meal Value (from 1-10, my measure of quantity/quality of the meal compared to price): 9Many have said it's on the pricier side of hot pot and I don't find that to be the case at all here. Maybe if you mainly eat at AYCE places, but the quality here is top notch for what the price is. You really can't beat what this place has to offer.
Im really trying to wrap my head around that 3$ fee for the sauce bar. How do you expect ppl to eat shabu shabu wihout sauce tho??? The food is already exp do they really have to charge 3$ per person for sauce?? Smh.The food was overall good. Nothing special... i guess i paid the $$$ for the interior...Combo soup is 20 each and the other 2 was more than 20 but its single soup. We only ordered 1 plate of beef and lamb cambo, 1 plate of handmade shrimp meat ball the rest of the 7 plates were vegies (fish tofu, frozen tofu, taro, winter melon, mushroom, radish, and noodles all ended up costing 35 per person. We were a party of 3. 35 may not be too much... but all we ordered was vegies and it was already in the 90s$... rather just go to dolar shop. Cheaper but just as good and its personal soup there. So if you like personal soups try there! :)
I looked forward to eating here but it was not what I expected. The soup base was too oily and spicy for me, I ordered mild spicy which was still overpowering. The decor was as beautiful as pictured. Sadly, the show starts around 9pm, I didnt get to see it. I also found that one small bowl of premixed dipping sauce isnt enough for table of 4. The waitstaff is busy and I had to asked for water like 3 times, otherwise they're ok.
Spice World is an adorable spot to grab hot pot. The decor is aesthetically pleasing to look at and it's a nice environment to be in. It is more on the pricier side & I feel like they overprice their ingredients. They also charge you $2 each to make the dipping sauce - in all my years of eating Hot Pot I've never seen a place charge you for sauce but that's beyond me. The oil/fat/butter bear is adorable but it definitely makes you feel guilty watching all that MSG melt in front of your eyes. The tomato soup is also pretty bomb. Warning, they don't play with their spices here! It's Szechuan hot pot after all. The juices they have are all yummy and great palette cleansers (albeit overpriced). The grapefruit one comes in this very extra box and woven bag.Also, they don't give you ice cream. Most places I know give you a free dessert at the end. Don't expect that here.
Def one of the best and most authentic ox oil Szechuan hotpot! Very fresh ingredients and generous portions. Great service too
This place is as authentic as you get in New York as it's the same Sichuan Hot Pot chain from China. Many comments said the soup base is 90% oil and peppercorn - this is how Sichuan hot pot is supposed to be . There are actually many many hot pot varieties in China, which actually makes sense, since it's a massive country. However, not from the Sichuan region, I found the hot soup base too spicy and oily for me - nothing wrong with the food itself, but just not my taste. The lowest spice level here is like a medium everywhere else, so be aware if you can't tolerate spicy food; order half spicy and half non-spicy instead. In hindsight, that's what I probably should have done. Everything tasted good, decor is pretty on point too. My compliant is that they seem to "sell out" a lot of dishes during lunch. We were not able to get some dishes that we wanted to try as the server said "they are not ready". I was a little disappointed to see other tables arrived after us were actually able to get them. They definitely should be more prepared. Price is on the higher end. Four of us, probably got too much food, ended up paying $180 incl tax and tip.
It's located inside the New World Mall, not a easy find. I was there late at night so the main entrance to the building was already closed.First impression when I sit down, the place is beautifully decorated, makes you feel like you are sitting in the middle of a ancient Chinese village.As I read through the menu I thought "wow, this is definitely the MOST expensive hotpot place I've ever been to in NY." Everything is $5 and up, which can add up pretty quickly. One good thing is that their portion are slightly bigger than other hotpot places. I definitely recommend coming here with a group of 4 or more so you can order more dishes without having to pay so much. Food wise, everything they sell is all natural according to them. I had the spicy and tomato soup base. They do taste more natural than the other places I've tried, but the soup is extremely oily and I don't enjoy the flavor very much. I was feeling bloated for the entire following day.Overall not a bad experience, but for someone who's new to the Flushing hotpot game, I recommend trying some other places first before coming here. Tips: - good for group, they have private tables - portions are big- they charge $2.99 pp for the sauces
This place has its pros and cons but overall happy with experience here. First, there is likely a wait here even with reservations.  We had reservations and still had to wait about 20 mins. Pros:Most rich broth ever- got tomato and spicy and I've never had a spicy soup so spicy at any other hot pot location Nice atmosphere/decorShows/ entertainment every so oftenDrums to sit in while waiting Good for large groups Cons:Charge a $3.00 sauce charge per person Sauce area had watermelon/oranges/cucumbers that were not refilled often Poor service- waiters kind of inattentive and never had water refilled during dinnerMany food items sold outNo individual hot pots, only to shareLarge chairs make it crowded for large groupsOverall I would return to try the other soup options since those were the most flavorful soups I've ever had at a hot pot location
DISAPPOINTED.Waited over 2 hrs because I heard good stuff about this hotpot restaurant. Maybe I shouldn't have come here during Christmas lol.Ordered triple delicacy pot & spicy pot combo. The triple was lack of flavor . Spicy pot was sooo oily AND YES I know it is suppose to be oily but it was overly oily. Oh yea, it was also sooo spicy too.Sauces are charged by amount of guests. Ingredients was okay -- not that fresh. There were a couple of items that they gave to us that we didn't order and some of them never came too.Space are pretty spacious and big. There were performance every hour and you watch them dance, sing or advertising alcohol. PRETTY LOUD in there, so if you're someone who doesn't like loud places you WOULD HATE THIS PLACE. Never coming back again -- 1) waited for so long; not worth the wait. 2) soup base was bland. 3) ingredients were not fresh. 4) no more fruits at the end of our menu because they ran out and also Bc they were preparing to close.
You know.. Trading a free dessert for a favorable Yelp review is against the rules of Yelp. I'm just saying. Ive come here a few times before since they opened but most recently came with a friend who likes taking photos of food. The waitress saw and approached her, saying if my friend wrote a nice review on yelp and uploaded her photos, we would get a free dessert. After our meal she asked if my friend had published a review, and she didnt (surprise). No dessert for us, one less fake review for this yelp page. I had a draft written up with 5 stars, but I'm taking stars off because I found that bold request to be appalling. Who does that?Shady dessert for 5 star yelp review trade aside, I "loke" this place. I like it more than liking, but dont love it. Somewhere in the middle of the two. The decor is fantastic, the staff have always been nice, and the food is very good. Not to mention, an epic sauce bar full of yummy sauces (and all the free edamame, cherry tomatoes, and melons you can eat!) and tomato broth will always win my heart. Now for the downsides:It's a bit pricey for hot pot if youre not a big spender. The pot of soup ITSELF is $20. That doesnt even include all the stuff you will order to cook in the pot. Most hot pot places charge a soup fee per person. Therefore, if you go with a big group, the soup isnt expensive at all. If you go with 2 people, youre paying $10 each for the soup broth. That's more than soup at the soup man. Or hale and hearty. Or anywhere.The selection is small and not for unadventurous eaters. There arent as many menu options as other hot pot places, and they serve a lot of animal parts as this is a more traditional style hot pot. Its cool and all unless youre against organ eating such as myself. Tripe seems to be the most popular on the menu but thats a hard no from my american palate. They ARE vegetarian friendly with a nice mushroom platter though!! My favorite. Unless you hate mushrooms. Then you're just out of luck.The sauce bar, as much as I like it, is $2.99 per person. Unheard of. They have melon, cherry tomatoes, peanuts, and Edamame for picking so if you're a fan of those like me, fill it up and get your money's worth. If you don't want the charge, that's alright too since at this place, the broth is so flavorful that I find I don't use much of my sauce anyway, which is rare since we all know hotpot is all about the #saucelife. Those with citrus allergies beware, its death at every turn. All the juices contain citrus (which they offer even after you mention the allergy. Pro tip: pomelo=citrus), and the water has lemon in it so you gotta ask for water sans lemon and the employees just look at you weird. They do have sodas and tea in a can if you want to drink that, but they're warm. Its rude, but bring your own drink to stay safe. All in all that's pretty much all I got for you today. I will still be a patron here since this place IS great but please, no Yelp trades. Thats just so...... Ugh.
My review is on food nothing much exciting there . We order lots of staff .over price .even we pay $105 plus $15 tips for 2 people. Still we have to pay extra for rice those little Chinese sauce it's come for free . You have to walk to one place pick up by your self and you have pay for it . And . Staff don't know nothing Have of them don't know how to speak English at all. And the rude also . It's just some soup place . There u have to buy all side order and put in soup . All of them not cheap . Before any make journey here check there prices . The will rip you of at the end . Bad experience not recommended to any . More better . Place in same neighborhood!!!!!
A friend of mine told me to check this place out and it's a very cool spot. Imagine crazy good hot pot with equally crazy lines. I would say if you're going to come, budget about an hour of waiting time to not be disappointed. They do take OpenTable reservations but the last time I made it, I ended up waiting 45 to 50 minutes any way. I've heard they've improved since on meeting reservation times.The interior here is stunning, you almost forget you're in New World Mall. The spicy hot pot here is actually spicy, so be cautious when indicating your spice level. Medium is plenty good if you're a heat fiend. I recently tried the tomato broth as well - I think it goes excellent with the spicy; especially for the vegetables.I recommend the meter board of fatty beef, tripe specialty (big picture on menu that screams ORDER ME), pork meat ball and cilantro, ox tongue and love the shrimp meat ball. They now have spinach, classic and I forgot what the last one is.Awesome addition to the neighborhood but to be positive.. less wait everywhere else! Spice World is also open quite late, so if you're hungry at night or want to have a shorter wait - things die down after 10 PM.
Best items are tripes, tofu skin and ox aorta. Meat is  meh. Crispy pork is horrible. I strayed to get really tired of the spicy pot after half an hour. So I guess control the amount of food you order and it will be a pretty good experience. Service is weird. They charge 3 dollars for sauce (why not just add that money into soup base? That would make me feel better) Our waitress is really confused about what she needs to do.
I made reservation a week beforehand so I don't have to wait at all. The place is too popular so you'd better make reservations way before so you won't need to sit outside for hours waiting. The indoors decorations is really nice and very authentic. They also have show during the dinner which is interesting. The hotpot is good, all the food is fresh. But I'm satisfied with the soup broth cause it's not spicy enough. If you love spicy , then this place might disappoint you.
I came here with my boyfriend for dinner on a Sunday night. We had to wait for about 30 minutes before getting seated. The place was pretty crowded. I highly recommend going with somebody who speaks Chinese. There was a variety of soup bases to choose from. We got two soups that were both non-spicy. Then they bring you a homemade sauce, which was decent. However, we didn't realize that they charge you extra for going to the sauce bar to make your own sauce! Despite that, the food was pretty good and the soup was delicious! I'd definitely come back here again.
It's my second time ordering here and the first time I really enjoyed it! The delivery was on time and the delivery man was wonderful! The food however was too spicy and i found a hair in it. I wouldn't order from here again.
I came here one night because it freezing outside and I was craving something spicy and hot. I was looking forward to this meal because I heard good things about it and the yelp reviews looked pretty good. I left this place feeling very angry and I told my boyfriend that I did not want to come back. First off, what kind of place takes open table reservation but makes you wait 1 hour?!?? I'm not even exaggerating...trust me I wish I was. When we first got there, the hostess told us to give a couple of minutes to clean up. After 15 mins, they told us to wait another 10mins. Then after our third time asking, they said sorry but we are going to have to wait about 20-30 mins. I understand it's a new popular spot but if you are going to make us wait, be honest and straight up about it. If I was told beforehand about this wait, I would have sucked up and gotten a small snack in the mall or something. But no, they were unapologetic and looked us dead in the eye like nothing was wrong. Mind you, it's 10pm at night. If you cannot honor reservations, you should be taking open table reservations. By the time I got seated I was so angry that the food didn't even impress me. The place looks very nice, very cool looking inside. The presentation of the food was on point. They do random shows during the night- it was entertaining. I'm sure if I was in a better mood, I would have enjoyed it more. Btw, it's very loud in there. If you want to enjoy your dinner in a quiet ambience, then you won't like it here.
This place is one of the best hotpot stores I have been to for quite a while. Although the price can get a bit pricey, but the sizzling of goodness and the decor of the restaurant : A+! So as we walked in, we could smell the spiciness bubbling in people's pot and at the moment I was pretty much starving. Luckily they offer some small appetizers at the back of the restaurant so I was munching on peanuts and edamame while we were waiting for our Yuanyang Guo  (鸳鸯锅). We got the spicy soup base and the tomato broth. Both were equally delicious!There is a saying that, "You get what you pay for" so typically if the quality and service is good, the price would be more expensive. The total for 2 people came to $110 including tax and tip, but I personally like to spend a bit more on good restaurants than on clothes ;)Service here were friendly and attentive. They were patient and made this interesting sauce for us to try ( I thought it was a bit too sweet tho).Hopefully next time they would have their homemade yogurt drink... BUT overall I had a wonderful experience here. Will be back :D
I had no idea that this place would blow me away with an extraordinary experience. Tried several hotpots all over flushing and this place stands above them all. Great open dining room with private booths for a more intimate experience that's still open to the rest of the environment. DJ on hand spinning some great records further enhancing the great time we were having cooking up our meats and vegetables. Food was so fresh and they don't skimp on the portions. I was immediately thinking how much greater this will be when we come with a big group. Make sure to try the  lamb. I think it's the leanest and tastiest meat on the menu.
First time at sprice world, all I have to said the food is good!! And love the style of the place ,I was going give more star , but service there are not good!!And no restroom in the restaurant!
Honestly, I've heard many good stories about this place. I just dined there tonight and waited one hour to be seated... fine, as long as it was worth it... but was it? Nope. I mean at first i sat down with my family, the first waitress was excellent. She served us with kindness and actually cared about her job. I was thinking to myself, okay that's a good start. Then came the ordering and the food afterwards. Our original waitress no longer served us and we had a bunch of food runners or something. Now this is the part that pissed me off. My family and I felt rushed in our entire experience there. The servers kept pushing food to our table and told us to toss this and that into the pot. Look, i'm the one eating here and if i want to save a piece of marbled beef for later, i can. Food was mediocre, not as highly expected as i have heard. Then came towards the end that makes me want to flip out at the waitress. Our last waitress came over to my table while i'm still holding my chopsticks and said, "check?" I felt i wasnt entirely finished but getting there so i told her, "sure". She then came back with the check and placed it on my table and stood there. She WAITED for me to pay when clearly i'm still eating. I stopped eating and went to grab for my wallet but she's just standing there waiting for my payment. So i took my time and she eventually left to clean tables. But in the corner of my eye, i see her eyeballing my table. That's just sh!tty service. I've worked in the restaurant industry and you should never rush a customer into payment. So as soon as i placed my cash down, she rushed over, SNATCHED it from me and quickly counted it as if i was going to short her money. I told her it's all yours. I left her 20% tip. It's not a crazy amount but in the service industry, it's well enough. After she counted the money she snatched, she just walked away, no thank you, nothing. Not one word, just take the cash and leave. I think that action didn't even deserve a 10% tip. Tldr; the whole experience has been rushed for my family and I. Servers were inexperienced to the fact that they want you in and out just to make quick cash. I probably most likely won't being going back because of poor service. Not everyone in flushing goes to a restaurant for good food... that was the older generations. Newer generation looks for good food along with service. If you miss one, don't be surprised when you lose more customer due to a rushed service and not even a thank you in the end. Well you're welcome to whoever served me towards the end and I won't be back because of people like you.
This just may be one of the best hotpot places I've been to! The interior was very pretty and classy, the beautiful decor definitely made my experience more enjoyable. Clean and comfortable environments are essential for a good meal!That being said, this place is on the pricy side, so be prepared. However, I appreciate how the quality, presentation and cleanliness of the food was on par with the price, therefore I don't think I "overpaid". My friend and I got the yuanyang pot (spicy soup base & tomato broth), the pots are bigger than your usual pot and there are also slightly longer chopsticks to go with it, which made it very convenient. We ordered quite a bit and thoroughly enjoyed all of it! There are a variety of sauces at the sauce station, and while we were there, there was even someone all dressed up playing the Chinese zither (guzheng), which added more of an authentic feel and touch to the place. All in all, a great experience! It's a great little indulgence from time to time, so I will be back when I get the chance!
While on the pricey side of hotpot, Spice World is an amazing place to share a nice bubbling pot of goodness with friends.Inside of the New World Mall you'll find the entrance adorned with glazed tiles and a waiting section filled with little drums for you to sit on. The wait for us was around 30 minutes on a Saturday night. While we waited they held several drawings for coupon vouchers, so they're keen on service.Inside is a large hall filled with tables that can seat 4-6 people comfortably, and several family-size booths that could seat even more. My group went with half-and-half soups, one mild and the other extra spicy -- I'd recommend skipping the mild. Of the things we ordered, I'd recommend grabbing the regular sliced beef, wintermelon, and fish tofu.
Heard so many good things about the place. We came at 5:30 to avoid wait but still waited an hour. Each paid around $60 in the end. The service was terrible. The only time we saw waiters was when they brought us food. We had to change plates ourselves, change the finished food with new food ourselves. We had to get ice water ourselves. We asked for napkin 4 times. For $60, there got to be better service than this. Food wise - it is okay. All four of us found it too spicy. All the plates that the food came with are very delicate and interesting. Nothing outstanding.I feel like the price we pay all goes to the decorations. I've decided to not come here again. If you look at earlier reviews you will see a bunch of fake reviews obviously written by the business.
This place is big with very nice decoration. We went there on a Friday night, I made a phone call reservation at 7:30, and we got seats around 8:00 which wasn't that bad. Waiters are super nice. I'll give service at 9/10. Food, food are fresh,but we didn't like the hot pot soup that much, we ordered a medium spicy one. it was too spicy and too oily, while we were eating, my stomach didn't feel good. On that night, the host surprised people with a Sichuan face changing show. We had fun.
This is my first time eating hot pot in Flushing! The environment is great, and the traditional performance during the dinner is fun too!We choose a mid spicy hot pot base soup and the non spicy base soup. Each is good for us as a table for six.
Ahhhh nooo, I feel terrible for rating it 3 stars since hotpot is my favorite food. I'd say the taste and spices were just not for me. The bear in the spice broth was super cute though so thats a plus! There was this ingredient that I typically hate, but is popular in Szechuan dishes which in Chinese is "hua jiao". Hua jiao has a numbing taste and I think that ruined it for me, I know people who love it so if you don't mind it, this place is probably for you! I don't love the nonspicy broth, but I didn't hate it either. It's a bit bland but still enjoyable. I find that the sauce makes the hotpot experience much more enjoyable but I couldn't taste much because of the numbing feeling I got in my mouth. The dishes itself weren't too bad. The beef was good, another +!
Best hot pot ! Beside their cool Chinese traditional decor~ five star for their food and service!Hope they could keep going with their good quality hotpot and friendly services ~^ we will be back~
It's the authentic Sichuan hotpot that I expect for. Compared to those other hotpot places in Manhattan, Spice World in Flushing is definitely worth more try. I came here directly after I arrived at LGA in midnight, so did not wait for long time. But I would say the long wait should be worth it, cuz it's not that easy to find a place where serves the most authentic hotpot. My fav piece is tripe, so fresh and delicious. Highly recommend this place.
Very famous szechuan/chongqing hotpot chain in China now in NY. Great interior design you would feel like you are eating hotpot in a small village next to mountains and waterfall. Very pricey but definitely worth the experience. Remember to bib yourself so you dont splash the hotpot oil on your white sweater. Good selection of dipping sauce and free appetizers and fruits. Waiting time super long. But if you are as crazy about hotpot as i am, you would show up 4pm at the opening bell and be the first party to be seated.
If you don't eat "exotic" parts of an animal (i.e. Heart, veins, throats, tongue, intestines) I would not suggest eating here for hot pot. It's rather pricey and not too flavorful. The wait looked horrendous if you did not have a reservation. I was told its about a 2 hr wait. The interior design is super cute though and very spacious. We had a party of 8 and had a room to ourselves off on the side of the center. There is also a stage in the front where all the waiters dance with bears to the Chinese song Little Apple. I heard there were also Face changing performances but we did not get to see this since it kept getting pushed later and later in the night (~10pm). Because of the focus on Szechuan style, they give you little cans of different type of oil to dip your meats and such into since oil masks spiciness (the green one doesn't taste that good to me, just fyi, but the red was pretty good) What turned me off during the dinner was the fact that they did not have much of a selection of sauces, and the placement of the sauce station is tucked between the kitchen area and a wall.. Pretty awkward to be there in general. Also, they refill the hot pots with WATER, not broth. That is so cheap to me and not cool. Granted, this is the type of base that you would not want to drink, but still! WATER?! Major turn off. Would I come back again? No. I really do not think it was worth the hype. Once was enough for me. I would much rather go to The Dolar Shop for fresh meats and delicious soups, or even Spring Shabu Shabu for unlimited veggies.
I was really intimated to go in and order. The environment here is phenomenal. I am a hot pot person, and this place 100% satisfied my stomach and my taste. I've visited this place for like three times since their grand opening, and every time I found something new that make me love this place. The half and half is what I recommend for the soup. And the ox stomach is also a must have. Not to mention the meter long beef and the prime minister meatball are all terrific choices.(I heard that it got its name because Cameron loved this one so much when he visited a franchise of this restaurant in China.)The wait staff are well trained and are very friendly, you can tell their dedication in providing the top services and entertaining customers.All in all, this is a must to go place whether this is the first time you vist NYC or you are a local foodie.
Long wait.- 1 star - horrible service, the broth came and 15 minutes later we still have not received our food. Impossible to flag down a waiter to refill water or get the check. Why can't they just staff more- 1 star- half the menu was not available and the waiter actually missed some of our orders on the paper because he was confused on what we ordered -1 star - beware! Suggested tip calculates based on post tax amount! Not pre-tax.
Jesus this is like eating in Beijing. We were there at around 9 and there were 30+ people in front of us, we waited for 1.5 hours but it is totally worth it! The food is so great! The spicy one is really spicy, but it is so good!!! Fatty beef is extremely thin, and delicious! This is the best hotspot I have ever tried in the U.S.
This place is popular and New of course have to wait. But this place is worth the wait. Despite making reservation in advance, and we still had to wait to be seated. We spent this time to checking their menu out and have the idea what to order. Once we were seated, we were immediately greeted with drinks and have our orders ready pretty efficient. I ordered the spicy and non spicy broth. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Especially the 1m premium sliced beef and homemade smashed cucumber with garlic (appetizer dish next to the sauce). They have their own spicy and sesame oil which was very thoughtful.Definitely recommend to check this place out.
Had their spiciest soup base and their own pepper dipping sauce. The dipping sauce really makes a big difference but pretty much anything is good regardless of the sauce. Probably the second best hot pot I've ever had and they have lots of things you normally can't find in other hot pot places in the states.
PLEASE AVOID THIS RESTAURANT! I went with my family on 3/11 to try their hot pot. I spent around $275 and was asked to leave cash tip. I left $50 in cash but when I checked my credit card statement yesterday, they over charged me $54 as tip. I tried to call the store to resolve the problem but no one answered my phone call. I will never ever go there again and I will tell all my friends and family to stop going there as well. The worst experience I ever had with a restaurant!
Firstly I have to admin this restaurant is THE BEST decorated in Flushing.  And their Yin Yang or half and half hot pot bowl is THE BOMB, really authentic! The "Meter Long Beef' and " Fresh Shrimp Paste" you must order them. And all other dishes are also very good. It is truly a great dining experience. Highly recommend to all!Ps. The garlic marinate cucumbers at the sauce station is reallllllllly good. And it is free. :)
This place is authentic!!! The soup base is super tasty and spicy! That's how it suppose to be! Meat is fresh. Sauce is spot on, and veggies are clean and fresh as well. The presentation of all the ingredient is excellent! It just adds more excitement to the whole dining experience. However, there are some items that are not available yet, given they are brand new, I think it's understandable. The service is great. The wait is a bit long since it's really popular. I actually feel bad for the hostess since a lot of people were running out of patience when I was there, but she kept her smile on and handled the situation well!Around 8 pm, the staff put on a dance show for us!!!! They danced to a funny Chinese pop song and everyone was cheering! Such an exotic experience if you haven't been to China. HahaOver all, I give this place 4 stars and I would recommend this place to friends!
They will charge tip twice, very untrustworthy business. When you call and tell them the double charge, they told you the recipe went missing. How convenient! Won't go there again.
Good service, good food, very fresh and variety of selection. Great for the taste of authentic Chinese HotPot.
Their hot pot with the 9 slots is popping in China and I have been super excited to try this place. I came here twice within three days and the first time was really good and everything was on point, food was good and service not so much. The last time I came here, it was horrible. I ended up giving up on eating because that was how bad it was. I came here with four friends and everyone just ended up not eating because we ordered spicy, but it ended up being spicier than medium spicy. The food is a little bit pricier and they might as well not even hire servers because all they do is stand around and talk. I ordered some food first with one server and thirty mins went by and the food never show, the second time got another, still the food didn't show. They had the audacity to charge me for it and tell me its on the way when I am already checking out. If it takes one hour for a drink and some cold food to come out, don't bother. Very disorganized, but a cool concept.P.S what type of shit is charging $2.99 for a sauce bar, they say there is fruits and appetizers, but there is orange, rotten cantaloupe and peanuts. I don't know how they expect people to eat hot pot with no sauce.
The food here was good and authentic Szechuan hot pot.  There is a nice atmosphere and we enjoyed ourselves here. However, their service isn't very good and we waited a long time for our water to be refilled and a few other things.
This place has terrible service, for okay hot pot, at a very high price. My family and I decided to come here after an evening out and chose this place because they claim to be open late. When we arrived at 12 pm we asked to confirm if they open until 3 am, as they advertise, and the hostess confirmed. It was not crowded (only 3 other parties of 2-3 people) yet we were not acknowledged, or even given water, for almost an hour. We tried to call any of the staff over and but when they came over they said they don't speak english and before my Mom could start speaking to them in Chinese they walked away. When we finally put in an order at 1 pm, a waiter tried to tell us they are closing at 2 pm and we "need to hurry and eat." Again, this all happened before we even received our food. And $3 for sauce? Come on. There are tons of other Hot Pot places in Flushing. If you have the option I would try any other place but here.
Best hot pot I had in NYC! Items are little pricey,but the portion is very large,so be careful when you order so you don't end up with too much food. Love the tomato soup, most of the items we tried were great as well.
Great food and great performances. A good place to hang out with friends. Of course it can be very spicy lol
Five star to the food but 1 star to the service in particular of the hostess. Very unprofessional and unorganized. We first called three days in advance to make a reservation. Reservation was made and confirmed. Then we called the restaurant the day before to confirm the reservation and were told the reservation couldn't be found and then cannot guarantee the table but we would have to get there on time and there might be 30-40 mins of waiting time. We were unhappy with the inconsistency but we appreciated their honesty. The day we got there, a guy rudely cut our line and asked for table. We asked the guy to kindly respect others and wait for his term. The guy acted as if it were our fault. The problem was the hostess had no sense of judgement. She said "why do you want to fight with other walk in guests?" We were not fighting with anyone, we just simply arrived first and wanted to be helped by the hostess first! She helped the guy who cut the line instead of asking him to respect other guests! This is such a disappointing experience! We waited one hour to be seated! What a joke!
Spice World has performances everyday at 7:30pm at night!! Yu Chen serves our table and he is so good at the performance!! Will be back for both the food and the service.
This is a very good Chinese hotpot restaurant. The service here is pretty good. Nicely cut meat and great seafood. Many different options. I highly recommend this restaurant to those who love traditional Chinese food and spicy food!
Came here once with my family after work and I am a fan.I love the decor of the place, it feels like the moment you step into the restaurant , you have landed yourself in ancient China. I absolutely love the decor.The food here is really good as well. Our family came here a while back so I'm not sure what we ordered, but I remember that it tasted amazing. I do however remember ordering the chili oil fish (something like that), which is something I order when I go to a Chinese restaurant. It was good, the spiciness was just right, you get the spice, but not to the point where you have to drink water every five seconds.Will definitely come here again!
Average food, with somewhat different vibe for a hot pot place. The wait was ridiculously long, which turned out to be due to the whole staffs "dancing time."  I understand that the dancing bear was to attract young customers but it was a bad idea having the entire waiting staffs dancing with the bear while our plates of beef was going bad without any soup on our table. We also got our drinks served after we got the check and were ready to leave. To make it worse, the manager(?) was too busy "disciplining" the staffs instead of helping them serve foods correctly and on time... I doubt that any of us will return here.
Went there with a group of friends. I said this place is not worth of money. We came in non-peak hour. Service is not that great. There is a time limit, however, nobody notifies us. There is a bag for the clothes, but they didn't give to us. We asked for more soup about three times. The waiter passed by couple times, but didn't provide us. Finally, the soup was here. Hello, the soup is belong to the pot, not everywhere on the table! Don't trust the review on the wechat!!!
Spice World is my favorite hot pot. I like their oil sauce best. It's very authentic Sichuan hot pot. The waiters are very nice and considerate. The decoration is very beautiful. When I was eating inside, I thought I was back my hometown, it's a warm and gracious place.
We went there on Friday night, waiting was 75 minutes!The restaurant is so so so beautiful, very Beijing Style! I like this place!The only complain is the soup base!The flavor of the soup base is very very very important, especially the spicy one ! The soup base here is really so so!!!! Not as good as dolar, or the little lamp, or the mister!Hope u change or improve ur soup base!
One of the most horrible dining experiences I've had in a long time. So I had relatives visiting from overseas and decided to take them there to enjoy a nice lunch given how nice the decor was. The staff seemed cordial and everything started off smoothly until half way through the meal when we discovered extra flavoring in the hot pot - a baby cockroach. Now I know roaches can be a common problem in most restaurant establishments, but what shocked me the most was how the situation was handled by the server. Upon showing him our discovery, he nonchalantly took the evidence and scurried away. After that, no one came by to offer to change the pot (because really, who is going to eat after finding a roach floating in the pot?) or even a proper apology from management. When another server brought us the bill, we asked how come they didn't address the roach problem. Then our server came and said the roach probably came from the vegetables not being washed thoroughly. He then reluctantly gave a 10% discount off the bill after I told him we took pictures of the roach (since he had already destroyed the evidence) and that management should have handled this better. All in all, the staff needs to be trained better when it comes to these types of scenarios. It's not like we're in China and they can just get away with stuff like roaches in food. We left with a sour taste in our mouths and will not recommend this place to friends or family after what we've just been through.
This is probably the best hotpot restaurant I've been to! Amazing food (fresh, many varieties, nice soup base), good service, nice ambience etc. I made up my own sauce by getting a little bit of everything just like how I usually do for any hotpot, but this one turned out to be the best taste and the flavor maintained the same throughout (usually I have to mix new sauce as I eat along because the flavor just fades away as I keep dipping). I highly recommend their beef and fish wah. Not an intestine or animal organ person, but their aorta turned out to be amazing!! I really like the setting/design of the restaurant. Along with the music, it really brings you the feeling of having hotpot in China!
Very disappointing :( Horrible service and bad management. Our server never came to fill up soup or water. The hot pot was way too oily...... it's very different from what I've tried in China. Most of the food we wanted to order were sold out at 7:45pm(魚扣，毛肚，成都串串etc..）We had coupon for free fish buckle - obviously not available. The only substitution was watermelon juice. They also mistakenly listed the food that we didn't order on the check. What else..if you are using the 「get $10 off when spending $100」coupon, please pay in cash only. Seems like their coupon deals are so shady.. All four of us agreed that we will never be back.
The soup base is literally 95% Hot Oil...The dipping sauce options are very limited compare to other hotpot restaurants in Flushing. The food quality is so bad. Also,50% of the stuff on menu was not available. Me and my girlfriend ended up paying $120 bill and left with our stomach empty. Disappointed! I would give a 0 Star if I have the option! Expensive and bad quality!
Place is huge and has traditional chinese style. If you go around 8:30 or 9 they have some kind of chinese face changing show its pretty interesting~ the food is awsome  you  guys should definitely  try it
This is definitely the best Szechuan hot pot restaurant in Queens, in my opinion, as of today.We ordered yin yang hot pot bowl, with one side of spicy soup base & tomato on the other side.  The soup base is authentic Szechuan & flavorful.  From our orders, I would highly recommend "meter long beef" and "fresh shrimp paste" as must have.  For more adventurous tasting, try the pork intestines & tripes.  All other dishes are also up to expectation.There is traditional Szechuan face changing performance during the dining hours.  The service was attentive & friendly.  With the amazing decoration, it is truly a wonderful dining experience.As my last 2 visits, some seafood items were not available yet.  Regardless, this would probably be the number 1 place for me when it comes to hot pot.  The only negative is the wait.  It is always packed with many waiting.Here are the general steps of having Chinese hot pot: 1, order the soup base, 2, order other food dishes, 3, create your own sauce from the sauce stations, 4, enjoy!
This is the best hot pot I've ever eaten in Flushing. As a Sichuanese. In a foreign country to eat a comparable home hot pot. I feel fortunate. The waiter is handsome guy service is very attentive. Show us how long each dish eats. Let me have new knowledge. Oil dishes and dried dishes in other hot pot shop is not. Absolutely delicious. Particularly worth a try. The waiter will help you prepare the balm dish. Very fragrant. We all had a second time. Worth trying a hot pot shop. Five-star recommended
Extremely bad wait.Waited 1.5 hours and did not get seated.  They told me 45 minutes when given ticket.  DO NOT go there with our reservations.  They will not seat you and make you wait all night long.  45, 1 hour, 1.5 hours, 2 hours No seat no food, still waiting.  They are not nice
Wait time is not terrible on a weekday around 6pm(got seated in less than 10 mins upon arrival). Nice ambience, staff are super friendly and attentive. The tomato soup base tastes so good but hubby said it's a bit oily (disagree) The self served sauce bar has pretty much everything you needed. Overall i'm very satisfied, will def come back for more!
Everything here is completely authentic as approved by my parents who go to Sichuan all the time. You must understand how to use the dipping sauce the proper way and create your own sauce tailored to your needs. Even the interior design is incredibly authentic. Really traditional and elegant design.Try the nine flavor pot if you really like it spicy. But if you have people that are Americans or children to feed get the half-and-half non-spicy. Only cook the meat in the spicy not the mushrooms and vegetables. You could dip that after you cook it non spicy. Make sure you use at least a third vinegar to lower the spiciness in your sauce. You won't be able to take it if you aren't familiar Sichuan. Get the handmaid shrimp meat balls that come in the bamboo sticks. They are the best! There are noodles are hand rolled and fresh.
This is the first hotpot restaurant that I've been to that actually have performance. This restaurant really made Chinese culture stand out. The food is amazing and they have the 9 box thing hotpot which I love. The place is just like walking into a new culture. It doesn't even seem like a restaurant more of a new spot to go to at Main Street. Eating while watching the performance was amazing experience I'll definitely go again.
After reading the mixed reviews on Yelp and some recommendations from friends, I decided to head to Spice World to try. My first impression of the place is very mixed. The decor - I have to give it to them for decor of the place. It is beautiful and very unique. The front of the restaurant consists of little drums used as seats, which is a cute idea. The entrance is gorgeous and inviting. The interior design makes you feel like you are sitting in an actual restaurant in China. Just beautiful. The seatings are benches, which is not really my preference, but the design and the furnitures are definitely unique. Price - This place is definitely more expensive than any other place. I thought Mister Hotpot is expensive, but this place just beat it. The price does not reflect the quantity at all. For $3.99 I was hoping to get more than seven leaves of Napa cabbage, but I got seven leaves of Napa cabbage (yes I counted since it was so countable). For the price you paid for each item you ordered, you would expect more quantity wise. Soup Bases - They do offer a good variety of soup bases, which is good for customers. I got the tomato and mild spicy soup bases. I have to say both soup bases did not impress me. The mild spicy soup base is super spicy and the tomato soup base is too sweet. I really couldn't enjoy cooking and eating the food in either soup base. Service - I was very unpleased with the service from the hostess. When we first got there the hostess was not there to greet us and we waited about two minutes. When she finally walked out of he restaurant she was on a cell phone making reservation for the customer on the phone. That took about four minutes. When we finally got seated, the waitress asked to place our soup base order after we just sat down and getting ready to look at the menu. After we looked through the menu and checked off the items that we wanted we couldn't get a waitress or waiter to take our menu. I had to flag down a waiter to bring our order in. Then the waiters got confused with whose food is whose and had a whole conversation on it. Tried it once and that's it. It is just too pricey for my blood.
Beautifully decorated place . Good for group of people actually group is better you can get more food for cheeper price.  Its all natural they say which taste good.  Abit expensive if you go by portion.  By its big portion.  Its located in the mall so u can shop and enjoy your soup
This is a new hot pot restaurant, the taste of food is delicious, I went with my friends, it's great, I recommend you to try it
Nice service! No wait in weekdays. We got seated immediately. Very traditional chengdu hotpot! Love this place! The price is reasonable, just a bit higher. High quality meat and vegetables!
Literally the best hotpot in NYC! The spicy pot .... amazing! You don't need to dip in the sauce the spicy pot itself is so flavored  the beefs are great! And the Bian lian show at 9:00 is epic! Costumer service is great!
great service! Beautiful dining environment!!! And I love hotpot,  especial their spicy and tomato half-half pot. So damn great. I am not a big fan of tomato, but their tomato base hot pot soup just so damn good!!!!
Absolutely amazing and authentic hot pot. The spice definitely makes you dizzy but truly enjoyable experience. The menu has a wide range of selections. So happy that they've brought this to New York. A little bit pricy but worth a trial!
The close time on yelp is 3:00 am today, but when we arrived at 1:15, the waiters told us that they have already closed for no reasons. If you guys closed at 1:00 am., and then please put the accurate closing time on it. Or it will waste people's time.
This place is horrible. It's unorganized. We ordered the spicy/tomato base. The broth was not special, just like other hotpot places. Everything is a la carte, including sauce. Not so many selections. There is no pork on the menu. When we asked the server any possible to order pork, it was sold out and it was only 6:00pm. However, the portions were decent. The service was bad. You have to ask for everything you need. During the mealtime, there was an entertainment by the staff. It was annoying and interrupting. The only thing makes this place special is the interior design.  I don't recommend this place to my friends. One time trial is enough. Other hotpot places are much better than this place. Recommend to make a reservation.
First time here, soup is really food. Service is just as amazing. The place just fun to look at. If you been to China, you're gonna really like this place lol. Did i just write this to get free dessert? Maybe. But am i telling the truth? Find out yourself.
This is probably my favorite place to go for hotpots. The soup is very good, my favorite is tomato and spicy. Especially the tomatoes soup, it's the best I ever had
Envirement: It's so good and clean,because it's very busy so it's a little bit noisy,but it's ok.Food:very classic Chinese hot pot flavor,food are fresh and unique,I'm pretty sure they got special things obviously you will never try in other place.Service : it's really nice ,servers are nice and friendly,don't worried about service.Everything is perfect!
If you want delicious and authentic Szechaun hotpot, cant go wrong with this place. The broth was spicy and peppery as it should be. Some people are complaining its too spicy, but Szechaun food is known for being spicy, do what I do have some milk before eating. There are also a tomato broth, not spicy I think. Food was fresh and there were a lot of options and good portions. The decor was just absolutely gorgeous seriously just check out the pictures.Downsides: its a bit more pricey then other places, and the wait staff was not the most attentive but that seems to be the case in a lot of hotpot places. Also make a reservation or expect to wait a long time at peak hours.
Very nice decor and some entertainment, the staff will perform small Apple and a change face show which is very good.. But the food was way too oily and too much msg.
Here it is ! You think mister hot pot is a little over the top with it's non-stop beat fest wait till you get a load of this cheese fest. 1-2 hours wait sitting on barrel drums to begin this scratching your head journey. Outer decor temple like with projections of their signature dishes soon to not be on the menu. Upon calling out the post it number. I walk in to a dancing employees dancing to the famous song "little apple". Since it's been open for a few days only I guess the employees danced like they actually wanted to, but still superbly awkward. Once sat was greeted promptly with a server. Two small can of oil were put down but never explained on how to or should use on. So I ordered the combo base instead of the signature 9 compartment pot. Wanted to try the clear bone broth, was ok, not great. The spicy however was the signature. Thick, spicy and lots of herbs, little too much herbs in my opinion. Then down to the ingredients. 1. Signature tripe is a big NO. So tough need a saw to saw off.2. The farmer beef is also a big NO. You might get a nice picture of the bronze like farmer but that beef in that two sack is the worst Flimsy flaky chunk of bad meat. 3. The shrimp paste however was a plus for the price. Three bamboo sticks was a good portion. Taste was alright. 4. All the watermelon and mashed cucumber salad was a plus at the condiments stand. 5. Pig brain, only order if it's fresh. After two hours the Bian lian master dancer appeared and the crowd went wild. Dude went on stage and downed a bottle, threw the bottle down the floor and fled. I guess he was in a hurry to change and be that 6 foot TED bootleg costumed dude that's about to be in a pic with the birthday boy. Employees sang all together while customers stripping TED apart and pass around the Rip & Dip sized bop head helmet to put on and take pics. Closing in on closing they soon put on EDC music, place was popping & banging. Lights were lit & sparkling throughout the ceiling. A projection screen was soon placed on stage to enhance the experience just in case anyone can't make it to EDC. After this two hour extravaganza, my heart can't take it anymore. It was quite exhausting for a meal. As fresh as it is and as hard as they try...it's was just slightly over the top...cheese.
Staff are very friendly and helpful, the food is very delicious, and the environment is special. I will visit back definitely! It was very good experience.
Really exceptional! No hesitation for a 5star. Went there last weekend. The food was great. The design is insane, feel like traveled back in time into the Chinese antiquity. And they had mask opera perfermance, Damn! Highly recommended! Experience it for yourself. Oh, one big tip, try to go as early as possible, because the wait is so long.
Came here for dinner last week with friends and saw the interior was well-decorated for Halloween! It was such a fun dinning experience. I really enjoyed their friendly service, delicious fresh food (I think they changed the menu recently and have more seafood available such as shrimp, crab, lobster etc) and the fun atmosphere every time I came here. Will definitely come back soon and more often when the weather gets colder!
Visited about one month ago when it first opened. Half of the items on the menu was not available. There's a "20-min" policy on the menu stating that if we don't get all of our foods within 20mins, we would get a meat dish for free. 30 mins passed, I asked where were my other 3 dishes and if I could get the meat dish for free. The server told me those 3 dishes I ordered were sold out...okay....you didn't bother telling me earlier? Since me and my friends were still so hungry, we ordered a can of coke...never came..asked again...never came...asked again... the server then told us they didn't serve coke....Visited again a week ago, again, most of cooked dishes on the menu was not available. My friend, again, decided to order a can of coke (bad bad decision)...the coke never came despite we asked multiple times.Summary: below average service.I'm giving it three stars because the foods are decent.
This is the best hotpot in NY. I'm here 2 time every week. Food are fresh and the soup base is sooooo god!
Good Hot Pot place to hang out with friends! Good service and tasty food! If you are not sure about the sauce, the staff can make a house special sauce for you.
Good decoration. Very traditional Sichuan Style hot pot. Price is medium. Strongly Recommended
Great food but horrible service. I really love the soup bases here but the service is really bad. As an ABC I really don't know chinese and because I couldn't communicate with the staff, they gave me attitude and barely waited our table. I had to constantly remind them of our orders and to refill our pots. I came here about 8 times till I got fed up of the service provided every time I came.
It is really a nice place for groups who's looking for not only good food but also relaxing atmosphere. The waiters and waitress are really nice especially Yi Chen. After knowing we missed the dance, he offered to perform for us one more time. Will definitely come back even though I don't really eat spicy food! lol
I like the hot pot restaurant, it is the first space world in New York and it is the 613st in the world. Guys, go to try this.   It is prefect
I came with my husband and his friends. The decor of the restaurant is beautiful and the staff is very friendly. The mushroom broth is delicious and the food is fresh.  However, the restaurant is on the expensive side for what you get..But, it is a great place to treat people for dinner or lunch due to the restaurant's presentation. For that reason, I would recommend this place to my family and friends!
Have to admit, this place was okay. The broth was pretty good for the hotpot. However the spicy one was rather... more oil than spice. I wouldnt have that again. But the original/ non spicy one was pretty good. Noodles were good. Service could use a bit more work. Took us a while to get our seafood combo and soup refilled.
The food is good. Good quality beef, veggie and seafood. Soup base taste good but at the end it become more and more oily.(ppl said that's how it suppose to be, so no complain) only problem is no service! Starting when we were seated until we leave, basically nobody served us. We have to kept look for waitstaff. Overall is ok. I don't think it's worth the 2 hour waiting though.
Came here Sunday night and waited for more than an hour and a half for a party of four. But the wait was worth it. This is a traditional Chengdu style hot pot, with a special twist of sesame oil in a black can. Just put ground garlic and this magical sesame oil with cilantro, your food would be amazing! Would definitely come back again, and the good thing is that they close at 3am in the morning!!!
This place is awesome, especially the special performance. The waiter Yi Chen danced for us!n
This is absolutely the most disgusting place I've ever been too! I would give this place ZERO STARS!!!! The hostess is from some villager from mainland china. Her attitude is horrible and it seems like she's working at a market! Why does the hostess not speak any sort of english. Making reservations on OpenTable??? Forget it, if the hostess can't read, they know it's a reservation and has X amount in the party along with it taking place at a certain time. Then she called my reservation, I promptly went to tell her it's my party and we are all here. She tells me it's not me! Like how you know it's not me that you're calling? I pulled up the open table reservation and she completes ignores me and just says it's not me. Then someone else claims to be the person she's calling- she didn't even verify the last 4 of the phone number and asked her partner hostess to sit that party. That party was a group of 6 she called for the group of 7. She OBVIOUSLY CAN NOT COUNT! She then had the audacity to raise her voice at me? Excuse me, the last time I checked it's you who can't read and if your boss adds the restaurant on Open Table, best you know what the f' you doing. 1 out of 6 individuals I've encountered here understands broken english. Why is the rating so high in this place. Must've ran some promotion to get those reviews. I've never experienced such service. Such disappointment in a highly rated place. Spoke to the manager whom a guy claimed he was, explained the whole story from beginning to end and he apologized, then immediately set up the next table for my group. If he didn't find anything wrong with what the hostess did why he immediately sat my group, even when the table is a little smaller for my party- he even changed our table when a bigger one opened up. Came by and personally asked if we needed bags for our jackets and all. With all the bad experiences aside, this place is okay to try once but I won't go back again. I must advise if you enjoy being in a loud chinese market this is your place right before you walk in. The dim sum hosts are better than this!
This is ​my favorite​ hot pot restaurant in town, although​ it is in Flushing, ​I can travel thousands of ​miles for delicious food. Im a Sichuan girl, so I know what I eat. First of all, ​space is BEAUTIFUL. It is very cinematographic ​and it is authenticly​ renovated. I heard that many of the interior parts were exported from China that is​ disassembled from a real ancient Chinese​ house in Sichuan. And I love to see any business owners not only care about the food but the culture​ behind it.  Taste: Speaking of Sichuan Style Hot Pot, this is the most authentic place you could get for it!​ The soup base is delicious. They offer few types of soup base, But I always get the spicy one. Or sometimes, If I come with my friends who cant handle that much spice, then we will get the divided pot with non-spicy soup base on the other side. Either​ one, they are all yummy. Price: The price is more expensive than one of those buffet style​ hot pot obviously, but the food quality is also way beyond them, so it really depends on what are you looking for.  Since this is the best hot pot restaurant in my eyes, I think it is worth my spending.Service:  I read some people had a ​bad experience​ with the hostess​ or waiters. Well, ​I have came here for at least 10 times, I have never experienced that. All the waiters are very friendly and super nice to me and my friends every time we came here, they would also explain​​ to us (mainly to my friends) how to food certain food. Im going there this weekend with some friends again, and we cant wait!
I am one of those person that barely write reviews on YElp and the only reason I am writing this review is to show how terrible the hotpot experience was! Ordered some shrimps which did not prepare properly and had to ask the waiter several times before the guy added soup to our pot! And then all the sudden, someone bought us the check just because we EXCESS OUR TIME LIMIT! which  nobody told us about when we were seated. This is one of the place I WILL NEVER VISIT AGAIN! SUCH A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!
Impressive decor hidden in the new world mall.  Great ambiance, you don't feel like you are in Flushing.  Delicious hotpot, creative selections, good service. Wait is long so try to get there before 5pm where there's no wait.  2hrs+ after.  Glad to see beautiful Chinese establishments in NYC!
Must place to come not only for great hot pot but also for entrancing Chinese dancing and performance. Base soup flavor is delicious.
One of the best Szechuan Style hot pot around New York, highly recommend for people who likes Chinese hot pot!
portions: 8/10service: 5/10 (we felt like we're on an island, no one attended us for a long time and anytime we wanted service, i need to tell two people what i want and i'll be lucky if one of them brings it back)food: 8/10 it's becoming one of my favorite hot pot placesprices: 5/10 pretty darn high for hot potatmosphere: 7/10 the decor was quite unique. nice.
I tried spicy herb soup hotpot. It was very good and spicy ! Beef and vegetables are so fresh too! Now here is my one of favorite spot for shabu shabu :)
Yesterday with friends to ate Hot Pot,It's wonderful time. The foods are good,services are good. Specially yogurt is really nice!
Pricey and the pot was way too oily, even the non spicy pot was oily. You can definitely get the same or better quality of food in the neighborhood for less. Besides the food, their service was great and there were snacks and drinks passed around while you wait for your table to ready.
DO NOT. GO. HERE.Worst service ever. We arrived 15 mins after opening and there was already a waitlist, so we got a number and waited about 5 mins and got a table, along with another couple who got the table next to us (they arrived a couple of mins after us to put their name on the list). Nothing against the other couple, but they factor into the story later. We figured this place must be good if they're packed at 4pm and there's a waitlist, so we were excited.Se we sat down, marked off our orders on the large paper menu, and waited...it took about 10 mins for the waiter to come back to both our tables and take our orders. Although he realized that we sat first and took our order before the couple next to us, they received their soup first. Then came about 2-3 plates of food. After about 5 mins of watching them eat, we got our pot of soup. And then we waited. and waited. and waited. We watched as the table next started to finish their first round of orders and another table of 2 across from us order, get their soup, and get all of their food...in about 10 mins total from order to food landing at the table. And we still waited for our food.It took 30 mins after taking our order for our first plates to come out (including beef balls which were obviously out of a plastic bag and emptied onto a dish). We waited an additional 30 mins for the beef & lamb combo plate...really...1 hour for a small plate of beef and lamb that I saw other tables get flying out of the kitchen and every other hot pot place as the first 2 plates that come out!Needless to say, we complained after 15 mins of waiting for the initial plates and the waiter said they were new and its busy. Ok, that's acceptable. Another 10 mins and we asked the server again, who replied that they're busy. Uhmmm...not really acceptable when everyone else around me has their food, so we asked to speak to the manager. After getting everything except for the beef & lamb combo, we complained again. Same answer - we're busy. No manager either after we requested again.I cancelled the beef & lamb combo 55 mins in, but they still brought it out 5 mins later. When I said I didn't want it, the waiters (2 of them) said that we ordered it, they brought it out, it's sitting on my table, and we should take it since we ordered it. So, we kept it to not make a scene.Finally, we finished our meal and asked them bring out the manager one more time to give them another chance. The waiter finds a supervisor after 5 mins and we tell them no, we want the actual Manager in charge. After searching for 5-10 mins, the manager finally came out to talk to us. It didn't start with an apology or anything similar and we had to reexplain the entire situation to her for the 3rd time in an hour. She was smiling for a good 5 mins until we started to complain loudly. Unfortunately, she didn't speak any English (side note: how did she get her food handler permit??) so my wife had to do most of the complaining. We ended up retelling our entire story for 20 mins before she took 20% off our bill, but they tried to sneak in a dish that was cancelled and the waiter took back 45 mins ago. Luckily I checked the bill thorough and complained to her again when she was standing there. For the amount of time that she spent talking to us, no one else in the restaurant seemed to care that we had such a bad experience. Our water glasses were never refilled for the hour and a half that we sat there, even though everyone else in our section got refills and the 5 pitchers of water were emptied (they were completely full when we sat down). We asked the manager to help us get some container for the leftovers...nothing. We had to flag down the busser 3 times before we got the container and bag that we needed to pack our dinner.Some people reading this might think it's another Internet rant, but check my other reviews and this is not the norm. I've worked in the Foodservice Industry for over 20 years, everything from dishwasher/janitor to manager and everything in between, while also holding 3 degrees in Restaurant Management. I do have empathy for Foodservice workers and try to tip better than average as I know how hard the work is. I understand mistakes happen, you're new, you're busy, etc. BUT, what I experienced today was RIDICULOUS. It was worse because no other tables around us had this experience!
This place went a bit old traditional in the decor. I see drummed decorated stools littered across entrance and two ancient folklore doll paintings bringing you back to times of the dynasty at the doorway...then a mini waterfall. The hosts were in Chinese robes but the servers were in aprons. The presentation is nice but as you dine you are shown the folklore of the monkey king on repeat while listening to some crazy remix beat of Chinese rap mixed with current day Americana hits. Theme is a bit off...very confusing and I try my best to block out external madness because the food...it's hot pot. You really can't go wrong with food you cook yourself. We ordered a variety of flaming conch sghells, to hand served seafood pastes from the server at your table to the various cuts of meats and skewers of all goodness. The pitcher of watermelon slush was all pulp and little juice. The seating was on wooden benches and tables are oddly arranged. They also have canned flavored oils that are per serving, cool concept but then they also have the communal condiments section ... so it's puzzling. This place is like the yin yang hot pot...hot and cold...they need to decide on one theme. Seemed cluttered.
I tried a lot of spicy hotpot in China, this one is too bad. Don't waste your money and time. Totally below average level.
Heard so much great things about this place so my friend and i decided to give it a try tonight. We went in around 11:30 pm beat the crowd plenty empty tables. The food is sooo good and fresh, we had spicy pot and all meat. Service is great, staff are patient and polite.
Food is ok. Even though the waiting time is about one and half hour in average, but we was enjoyed the food. The worst part, really the WORST PART, the DJ. I don't know why a restaurant want put a DJ, it is really annoying and ruined my dinner time. The DJ put the music super loud make me can't enjoy my dinner and just want to get out here ASAP. Seriously, this is a restaurant not a bar, give customer a piece time for dinner please.
Amazing decor; feeling like back in Szechuan; authentic taste but very modern food presentation, meat ball, tripes，tender beef，pork aorta highly recommend！！ Wish to live there!!!
This was a restaurant with very good food but average service.  Pricing was high as we chose a lot of items.  I'd go there again but think there is better value for money for hotspot.
The service is too bad and waitress doesn't know their membership and give customers lots of misleading info.
They charge my card for 300bucks while I only consumed for 32.6 bucks. Such an unethical business. Shameful
Oh boy where do I start, first things first I love a restaurant that takes itself very seriously, Spice world cares deeply about the product it rolls out. Dinner and a show with amazing ambiance. I hope this place becomes extremely famous because I can say very early on, this place is one in a million
2 stars for the food,I really like the broth. I don't understand why they hire DJ here, for what? It's noisy,my friends and I can't talk to each others, everyone gets headache Pls , it doesn't make sense to have DJ in hot pot restaurant.
This place is the best hot pot in all New York . The special hot pot which they call it nine spot is amazing .good place for friend meeting or anything else.
Never seen a hot pot restaurant like this in NYC, highly recommend! I believe Spice World is the best hot pot here in NYC so far. The decorations and food are amazing! Will come back soon.
Decoration is very beautiful, the waiter's value is very high, very cordial service, as well as China's Sichuan opera face. In the fragrant world to eat hot pot to find the feeling of eating hot pot in Chengdu! very good!
The food there must have some safety issues. My friends and I all had diarrhea after having hot pot there. Also there is NO service. Nobody came to collect empty plates or add water for us. Awful experience!
I don't understand the hype. Food was mediocre and overpriced. We ordered the spicy and tomato soup base. The spicy side ended up tasting super bitter to the point where we could only use the non-spicy side, which was flavorless. I'm only giving this place 2 stars because it was clean and spacious, and the service was actually very nice.
Best authentic hotpot in New York. Detailed decorated environment. Soup base is authentic chongqing style. Recommend to every hotpot lover!
Best hot pot I ever had!!! Must try! This is the third time I'm here already, so addicted. The special interior design based on the traditional Chinese chun style. The spicy hot itself uses their secret recipe and I can't stop eating.
It is good but not that good. Service is perfect and the dance and songs are both OK. I give four stars because I have heared so much about it and dreamed a lot about it. I think it is in a same level as little sheep hot pot.
Thoroughly enjoyed our meal. My son and I are adventurous eaters and tried the Ox Aorta which was very tasty.  The decor is very nice and the wait staff attentive.
One star for the nice decor, all the rest should be no star. The soup base tastes so bad, nothing but peppercorn and oil. Food was seriously overpriced, nothing special but expensive. Service? There was no service, one hour during we were there, servers dropped whole tray of glasses ( right next to us), plus whole tray of silverware. They didnt know how to to serve table, because they were kept walking behind our table but never fill up our drinks, not even ask if we need anything. We had to prove to servers that we didn't receive one of our dishes, they act like we can't afford that $16 beef tripe. Serious food safety problem, right after we ate, we went right to the bathroom, and sick for two days.
This is the probably the best Hot Pot I had in the US , amazing soups, fresh meat , fantastic decorations, awesome service!
It is nice new restaurant with great service and tasty food in Flushing. Even though there is long wait but the food is delicious. So long waiting is worth. They offer the Chinese famous show while you eating. The waiters are nice and trained. When you get some issue during you eating, the server helps you nicely. Specially, there is a really nice manager but I forgot his name. It is glad that they are open in Flushing.
Great place to get authentic Sichuan    hotpot.  Deco is fancy    dancing & changing face show is entertaining. Will go back !    New place very popular so may have to wait but worth it
Best hotpot I have ever had in the US, everything is really fresh. I went there with friends that actually from Sichuan China. They all like it.
Authentic sichuan style hot pot, wonderful sichuan opera face. The best place for family and friends
A fantastic place to have some Sichuan spicy cusine, and to see an amazing Chinese magic show: face changing. Dont miss the great chance.
Food and service so great,There are lots of interesting show here that I've never seen before,I'll recommend it to my friend and come it again.
I think this is the best Hot Pot place in flushing,the decoration is so amazing,and the food ,OMG,so delicious,u should give yourself a try!!!
4.5star! I tried this newest hot pot place in flushing this weekend. They are doing a trial currently and the line has been an avg wait of 1-2hrs. The decor is on point per my Szechuan friend, resemble how Szechuan look like when eating on the street. they have these old fashion tables and chairs(may not be the most comfortable) that really added to the character.  Food wise, it's a must try to have the hotpot with nine compartments(25per pot). Soup base goes from mild to super spicy and I would suggest people to order one level less of what they r used to because the more you cook, the spicier it becomes. Def order their cow stomach, fresh and crunchy, of course pricy too. One other thing I would recommend is pork blood, it's much softer than the other places. Otherwise I would say the food is standard. Service was also great, very attentive, servers provided us with bags for cellphone and a apron if the girls are afraid of getting their clothes dirty. A Very Asian standard if anyone has been to Hai Di Lao in China. Now the price, I have to say it's on the pricy end of Hotpot. It cost over 200 including tip for three people. It's not bad for the whole experience from decor to presentation to service every once in a while, but if it's purely for the food, it's pricy.
It's very good restaurant, Top 1 in Flushing ,I like
A tasty Chinese traditional hotspot restaurant. The interior looks amazing. ..............
This place has one of the best Chinese hot pot in America. We ordered half and half for base broth, half of the pot is medium spicy and the other half is non spicy. Among all the dishes we ordered, the house made fish ball on bamboo sticks (three sticks in an order) is my favorite. Mutton is good but not as good as Little Lamb Mogolian also in Flushing, tofu and frozen tofu are good, vegetable is good, and hand pulled noodle is a must. The selections of sauces at the back tables are quite complete from spicy to non spicy. One can mix and try all the different sauces to one's liking. The tables also have unlimited supply of melon and oranges. Let me tell you, the fruit at the end is so refreshing after having had the spicy hot pot. The bill for the three of us including beers and before tips is about $90, which is quite reasonable considering the good service and nice decor.
The decoration of the restaurant is so good. Actually they got really authentic Szechuan style soup base. And they do have high quality service of their waiters and waitresses.That was wonderful.
I would definitely give 5 starts for the service, but the food was terrible. I couldn't even eat enough of it to get full. The hot pot (spicey) was extremely oily, and perhaps we made the mistake of not getting anything else on the menu, but this does not sit well alone.
The best hotspot in flushing area. Feels like in China . Must try....... highly recommend .
The traditional style of the decor. If you like spicy food I will recommend you to come.   And The service was great!
Table service is nice and fast. The food is tasty. The front desk recipient is terrible.
Amazing place! Delicious food! Highly recommended place to go for HoT Pot at flushing!
Yummy yummy, very good food. Nice decoration and attentive staff. I love the Kobe beef.  Also good entertainment like traditional chinese mask changing performance.  The soup base is very spicy
today come back New York，my borther took me to come here ，was the first time come here。before I have the hot pot，this one is very yummy ,like it so so much
THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU GO! Got food poisoned there!! Went to ER and missed work for a week.
if i can give negative stars i will，the base soup taste like plain hot water，the food is not fresh，like cheapest food when you get in supermarket，also the service is not friendly.
Worst hotpot experience ever. First, I specifically asked the waitress for a non-spicy broth several times. There was a language-communication barrier which led to a half-super spicy/half non-spicy hot pot. I was not happy with the spicy option. I understand that Sichuan hot is supposed to be spicy, but I specifically asked the server to direct me to a non-spicy option. Second, and most appalling, after eating the spicy soup my 65+ father had an allergic reaction where he could not breathe. He got up from the table coughing and choking in the middle of the restaurant with his hands around his neck. NO ONE CAME TO HELP (not even the patrons). The waitstaff ignored him and had the nerve to then overcharge us $3 EACH for TWO of us going to the dipping station ONCE. Another charge that the server did not ask us about. The cherry on top was the manager then coming over to us to rate the SERVER, not even asking about how my choking father was doing.
Very disappointed. Beef and lamb does not taste like professional hotpot level. Their recommended item is just OK. Totally not worth one hour waiting. The hotspot base soup is not special but only spicy. No better than a homemade hotpot. The only one star I give here is for the decoration and marketing team as you will notice they post a lot of photos about celebrity's visits. But I am here for happy food, not for social media posts.
Really don't know how they get high rank reviews. Should have read the other one star comments before we went. It was similar bad experience. We got there BEFORE they OPEN. And we waited for TWO hours. And they didn't inform us that the big table were all booked so there were no more tonight! What kind of retailers do that! The waitress said we should book one. But we called before, and were told they do not do reservation on weekends. Then she said, those who relate to the boss can do it. Wow. Impressed. Food is not that stunning. Same as other in China town.
It's a wonder place for relax. The food is delicious and the waiter is very kind.  Will visit again.
It is very mediocre taste, but very expensive. $60/ person. First, the spice taste is too strong, you could barely taste the meat. Your beef would taste the same as your chicken. It is just all about spicy and spice. Second, the spicy soup is fairly thick, you can't really cook your food well. Overall,  I wouldn't recommend go there again.
My new go-to hot pot place, literally HOT and new! My favorite is their mashed shrimp and beef. Make sure that you have their shrimps as well! Can't wait to come here again.
Taste is just so so. Price is higher than any other hot pot restaurants. Taste is just so so. Price is higher than any other hot pot restaurants. Taste is just so so. Price is higher than any other hot pot restaurants. Taste is just so so. Price is higher than any other hot pot restaurants. Taste is just so so. Price is higher than any other hot pot restaurants.
So amazing,the food is delicious n server is nice.They have special shows like dancing,singing n acrobatic performance.That is excited.
Tried this place a few times. Long wait cause it's new but definitely worth it! The food was consistently fresh and you can tell it's high quality. Decor is very pretty too
Amazing design! Traditional Chinese style with a lot of details. The food is good. Got to try the tripe!
Feels like you're in China! Beautiful place, great environment and excellent place for hot pot. Must try!
First time here. Great decor feel like in China for sure. Waiters services are great. My friend was here waiting for an hour. They said all parties needs to be here before seated which I understand. We all got here and waited another hour. That's when I got frustrated.  We wanted to try special spicy pot, it was too spicy for most of us, we all eat spicy food on regular basis. Not much flavor. Also on expensive side as well so be prepared for that. Their seafood platter was $50 for 1 lobster and couple other clam stuff that I would normally pay $35 ish elsewhere.
Many hot pot place in flushing,after this one when I been ,no more another place again .one of the best hot pot .even in New York .by the way ,you can see owner guy dance some time .what are you waiting for?
First off, Xiao Dong Bei Chinese Cuisine moved to the new address properly listed above on Yelp, and it CHANGED ITS NAME to 'Private Kitchen.' The restaurant is spacious and good for a relaxing meal. The service is friendly and helpful. What really shines is the food which has exceptional flavor, with each dish having a wonderfully unique character. The food is fresh, properly cooked and not especially oily, three necessary components to most good Chinese food. We had the Dry shredded tofu skin mixed with scallion oil which had a superbly subtle taste and was very satisfying; the Sauteed lamb with scallion had excellent flavor and a great simple sauce but the meat was tough; and finally the Tree mushroom salad which seem to be crispy fried Tea Tree Mushroom (Agrocybe Aegerita)  茶树菇 (cha shu gu) with Szechuan pepper, celery and chilis, which was special and delicious. There are a number of excellent Chinese restaurants in Queens, but few with this kind of top-notch unique cooking. Check it out...
Food is not good, the wait from the kitchen was long and overpriced relative to the quality. We ordered the corn and green peas with sugar which was mostly flavorless (tasted like someone poured a bag of sugar over some frozen vegetables, I can do that myself!) Shrimp was not deheaded or even deshelled, the chicken tasted like it came from a can of Purina dog chow (that was honestly gross, I don't know how they can serve this), the boiled fish was incredibly plain and the broth was not spicy even a little although the menu said it was. The sugar potatoes dessert is exactly that, sugar on potatoes. The rice balls were ok, but they probably bought a premade one from a store (that's the only way).The bill for five people came almost to $120, that's way too much for the low quality food we were served. If you like spending allot of money on lousy food, come to this place!
Fake as Chinese restaurant! High rating for shit! If I could I would give it a negative 5 rating, not even a "0." We are traveling from the West Coast hoping to enjoy some delicious food. Obviously our experience here was uncalled for. Was told the wait was 30mins. Waited for almost an hour to only have 2 groups who came much much later to be seated before us. When asked the hostess ignored me granted that my party was the only one that didn't speak Chinese. We were ignored for the sake of them being racists (and yes I'm Asian too, not their kind). Don't eat here. I'm sure there are plenty of great restaurants in the area. We surely walked out and found ourselves in a different restaurant around the corner that appreciated our business and treated us well with great food.
Their "Dry stir fry mushrooms" were delicious and has so many flavors of spices in it. A little bit on he salty side but perfect with rice.  The portion for each dish is generous and you can tell they choose quality & fresh ingredients.
As a mainland Chinese from Northeastern area, I would give a thumb up to this place. Very tasty & authentic Northeastern Chinese cuisine, which makes me feel like I am back to my hometown in a second. The only downside about this place is they offer a huge menu including different types of Chinese cuisine. That means if you are non- Northeasterner Chinese you may have a high risk to order wrong dishes, which may turn to a truly nightmare. I highly recommend their sweet & sour crispy pork (锅包肉), stir-fried pork liver & Laba garlic (腊八蒜肝尖). These two are signature Northeastern food and they did a pretty amazing job. I definitely will be back trying other dishes in the near future.
Servers were really nice. Though The front desk lady was a little bit mean and never pick up the phone when we tried to call to see the waiting time without reservation. Their food was decent and in huge amount. Where is specially ordered the dishes from northern China because we thought those were what this restaurant is famous for. But surprisingly they also have some Szechuan dish options. In all, I like how their waiting time is not crazy, their price and quantity and the food was not bad at all. It's also good to try some food from nothing China which I've never really tried before. Might go there again to try something more.
Came here for friend's birthday. Foods were not worst but below ok. The cold noodles came only with less than 10 pieces of noodles and lots of cucumber and carrot. The seafoods were not fresh at all. Our bill came around $150 and they Charged $1 for white rice. We only ordered one bowl of white rice. Really??? So lame.
The kitchen staff here know what they are doing. The dining space is clean. The prices are very good by NYC standards these days. I cannot ask for more.
Great service,  great good, spacious dinning area. We enjoy coming here with friends and family. There are several dishes that I would like to recommend are lapi and song shy yu.
Came here with my friends for dinner. As a Northerner myself, I felt like I was eating at a good restaurant back in my hometown. Unlike a lot of Northern Chinese places in Flushing, Xiao Dong Bei is very clean with great decor and service. The most important thing of course is the food, and I'd say it's very authentic. Portion is good and price is reasonable. The menu features mostly Northern cuisine with some Sichuan dishes. It's the type of restaurant that both Chinese Northerners and Southerners would like.We ordered the mushroom and chicken stew(小鸡炖蘑菇), one of the most traditional Northern dishes. Taste is spot on. I also highly recommend the pork jelly dish (I think it's called 水晶猪肘). The texture and taste are both top notch. And don't forget to dip it into the garlic soy sauce. We also like the other dishes such as the fried little yellow fish and the string bean, potato, corn and pork chop stew. I enjoyed the dinner so much that I think I'd like to give the restaurant some recommendations as a true Northerner. My friend who's also a Northerner agrees with me.1. The strong bean potato corn and pork chop stew (猪肉焖油豆角土豆) is a little bit too sweet. We think it'll be better if the taste is more toward salty and savory.2. The fried little yellow fish (炸小黄鱼) comes with salt and msg. The fish tastes awesome but I wish it comes with pepper salt.3. The branding -- It took me a while to find this place on yelp. I still don't know if its English name is Xiao Dong Bei or Private Kitchen. I think it might be good for the business if the branding is consistent online and offline.I'm glad to see this place garnered 4.5 stars on yelp so far. I'll definitely come back often and bring more friends.
Food wasn't bad but wasn't amazing either. Wouldn't really recommend it to anyone. We went in on Christmas eve, to beat the crowd we came in pretty early, before we could finish our dinner the servers were very impatient and rude, we almost got kicked out just because other customers were waiting for a table. Well, that's why you need to come earlier.. It's not like I am gonna miss this place  not the food nor the service.
The taste is so good and the price is reasonable. The only thing is you may order too much since the quantity of most dishes are larger than usually. Highly recommend!
everything we ordered was delicious!  We also had a kind of flower tea very refreshing.
We were there tonight. It's nothing special. In fact, more than half the dishes are not even from NE China. The taste and style are just average. Service was generally good but their super long dinning area makes it hard for waiters to reach everyone immediately. I'm quite disappointed as I was expecting some uniquely NE of China.
Very authentic Sichuan cuisine with big portions and a reasonable price. The staff is considerably friendly and patient. We went on a weekend late at night when they were about to close. Although the restaurant was pretty much empty, they were still willing to serve us. Their menu was quite extensive with traditional Sichuan food, as well as typical Chinese dishes. We tried the baby ribs with peanuts and peppers, a dish recommended by the waiter. The ribs were not how we imagined it to be, as they were sliced as thin as paper. There was definitely a lot of preparation work behind making this dish! I like how they stirred fried the meat rather than deep fried the ribs. The peanuts were an alleviating complement with the spiced up meat.On the more traditional side, we also ordered the braised beef dish. Having tried just about every Sichuan restaurant in Manhattan and in the works in Queens, Xiao Dong Bei serves one of the biggest pots of braised beef. With the addition of black fungus and a variant of other different veggies, they sure filled the bowl with an abundance of protein and carbs. Drowned in Sichuan oil, the beef was super tender and the veggies were soaked with flavor. The dish definitely wasn't the spiciest we've had, but it was still delicious. Rice isn't complimentary, so be sure to order a few as chasers with these yummy Sichuan plates.
I came here recently due to the high Yelp rating.  We come to Flushing regularly and I am always seeking for good Chinese restaurants here.  I've never heard of Xiao Dong Bei (translated to "Little Northeast", as in Northeastern Chinese cuisine) before, but was eager to try it as my grandparents are from Northern China, and "Dong Bei" cuisine always reminds me of my childhood visits with my grandparents.  Anyway, maybe that was an unfairly high expectation of this place, but I was a bit disappointed by the food here.  Perhaps I didn't order the "right" food, I thought the four dishes we ordered were just average.We tried:Ants on a Tree - this was my favorite dish, it's vermicelli noodles with shredded pork.  I thought the sauce was really delicious with just the right amount of spiciness.  This is a pretty easy dish to execute, but some places tend to make it too oily, it is done pretty well here.Sauteed Crispy Pork - the server recommended this dish.  I thought it was just ok.  The pork was crispy, but not very flavorful inside.  Also, you need to eat this dish as fast as possible.  As soon as the meat cools down a bit, the meat became very tough and starchyCrispy Fish with Chili Pepper - I wanted to order the whole fish, but per the waiter, the market price for a whole fish was $55, which I thought was ridiculous.  Most places charge approximately 20-25 for a whole fish.  I am always annoy when I see "m/p" on menus as I feel like the restaurant can just charge whatever they want.  I opted for fish fillets instead, which was not bad.  I like the crispiness of the fish, although the fish could've used more flavor notes other than spicy.  I thought the chef went a little heavy with the Sichuan peppercorns in the dish, but if you a big fan of spicy food, it would probably be a plus.Stir Fried Eggplant with Basil - an average dish.  I thought it was a tad too oily, but other than that, not a very memorable dish.Overall, I thought this place was over-priced, the food was so-so with hits and misses across the board.  Given the plethora of good Chinese restaurants in Flushing, I don't think I will visit again.
Very solid Northeast China cuisine from this relatively new house on 37th Street, Flushing. A modestly sized floor with enough room for several large tables, or many more smaller ones, the space feels bright even on a rainy night in November.  The staff is accommodating and easily chats with the customers when they have a spare moment.  They were all bilingual and quickly made me comfortable. I ordered Eggplant and Peppers in Soy Bean Sauce and Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.  More than enough for 3 people.  The Chinese Eggplant was tender with a mild sweetness that countered the heat from the Hot Green Peppers.  The Soy Bean Sauce added a pleasant and mildly salty undertone that went well in combination.  The Shredded Pork was cooked to complete softness, while the Sweet Bean Sauce lightly supplemented the flavor in a slightly sour direction.  Again, they worked well together. Xiao Dong Bei is a nice out of the way joint where a quiet meal can be treasured without the crowds and hype that come with the fame and long waits of the more well known places in town. Definitely a keeper, at least until it is discovered and becomes impossible to walk into and get a table without a rez.
We were here for dinner on a Tuesday evening, The place was busy but we were seated immediately. It's a small restaurant, only minutes from the subway station. This restaurant serve Northern style Chinese food. The menu is great! Lots of pictures! This is great for the people who is not familiar with the kind of food they are serving. We ordered the crispy fish filet with hot pepper & the pork with spicy garlic sauce. The crispy fish filet has cumin, which is great! We love it! They also put a lot of sliced onion which is also great! One of us really love onion! The crispy fish filet isn't as crispy but you can tell that it's a fish filet, not just some thin filet with lots of breading. The pork with garlic sauce were delicious but extremely greasy. It's shredded pork swimming in chili oil. It is definitely not something we would eat pretty often. Overall, the food here is delicious. It's definitely worth stopping by. If you happen to be staying at the Comfort Inn on 37th ave, this restaurant is pretty much almost next to it. The portion is definitely generous. We spent about $31 here for dinner & there was so much food for the price we paid. We were so stuffed. One minor flaw about this place is that the food can take a little long to come out. The wait wasn't ridiculously long but it's just longer than most Chinese restaurant.
I came here for lunch and had a salt baked pork chop with pepper (more canonically known as salt and pepper pork chop). The pork chops were lightly breaded and bone-in (though there weren't many bones). The amount of seasoning used was just right, and the meat was quite fresh. The portion was large enough to save some for dinner.
I was so hyped up by all of the 5-star reviews, I guess I expected too much, and was just a little disappointed. My daughter was sad to hear that she couldn't get General Tsao's Chicken there, but somewhat enjoyed the pork in sweet & sour sauce (crispy). Unfortunately, it seems like the waiter forgot to order it, as our dishes came out one or two at a time, and finally my wife's yummy eggplant and green spicy peppers dish, when we realized the sweet/sour pork never arrived. My daughter started getting ticked off, she was starving, and we only went for Chinese in the first place cuz she wanted that dang General Tsao's Chicken. We checked w/the waiter, he checked in the kitchen, came back with his index finger pointing up, and said, "One minute. Just a one minute, ok?" Around 5 - 10 min later, it came out extremely hot. Ok, absolutely no one is perfect. There weren't any other mistakes, and there were 2 servers helping us. Their English wasn't that easy to understand, but they understood us pretty well, and seemed genuinely interested in our experience there. Given that we were a white family in an almost entirely Chinese restaurant, I was happy with the service we received. (Of course, being white in a Chinese restaurant should have nothing to do with our experience, but the fact that it is real, I think it's something that cannot be denied.)Bathroom was clean, dishes were clean. I hate the thick plastic chop sticks they give you there, but it's way better than eating noodles with your hands. My noodle, pork & mushroom dish was ok, and noodles were somewhat chewy, but yummy; however, I found the amount of pork & mushrooms in it to be skimpy. The overall portion size of the dishes was quite large. We took home a lot of food, and spent $50 (before tip) for the 3 of us. My wife absolutely loved her eggplant dish, and sautéed stringbeans.I might return, but my wife found the menu to be too bizarre in many respects (and that's one reason I appreciate the place). Where else can you be served a dish of duck heads, or fish-head soup?
炒鸡好吃！I come from northern China and this place is very authentic. Highly recommend Stewed Chicken with mushroom(小鸡炖蘑菇), braised pork with vermicelli(酸菜炖粉丝), fried pork in scoop(锅包肉)The chef is quite good at Sichuan food too.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.5/5.0Decor: 2.0/5.0Overall: 3.0/5.0The menu is a mix of Northeastern China and Szechuan.  I can't opine on the latter, and I also can't opine on the value-oriented lunch/take-out offerings.  I am shocked how high the current ratings are.  Not to be a downer, but I don't see how an objective group of people could seriously give this place that many fives.  The food is indeed northeastern, but the quality was very much mediocre.  In one of the dishes, the potato was flat out undercooked.  The service was poor with a lot of chatting amongst the younger wait staff when they weren't busy dealing with customers.  Poor service is something that could be a function of an off day in a poorly-controlled Chinese restaurant setting, and certainly you can get around it if the food's worth going back for, but that's just not the case.  Not going back.  Just so you know, I was tempted to give 1 or 2 stars to average the rating down, but that wouldn't be right.
On a hot summer night in Manhattan we ventured on the #7 train to Flushing Queens (NYC's other China Town) on a mission for greatchinese food.  Mission accomplished.!!Xiao Dong Bai  offers a varied menu of authentic delicacies prepared in a light and clean manner. There is nothing here that is swimming in globs of chili oil and fat like most chinese restaurants these days. Everything coming out of Xiao Dong Bai's wok is stir fried to crispycrackly goodness.Now for the Particulars:The cold dishes of spicy tofu noodles and wood ear fungus salad were exceptional. The noodles were quite firm "al dente" if you will and lightly coated in a delicious asian vinaigrette that packed a hot but reasonable punch.The salad was pungent light and slippery. A perfect way to begin on this hot humid night.The next dish to arrive was a whole shrimp fried withDry red chili peppers. They were crispy crunchy and can To be eaten whole in the shell especially good if you need to build up your calcium reserves. After this came a wonderful stir fry of eggplant potato and green onions. It was off the chain yum and we finished every morsel. Finally skinless chicken thighs , bone in over Chinese cabbage in an aromatic sauce. The sauce was a little too powerful for our tastes but the chicken was perfectly stir fried with very little grease.The staff are extremely friendly and are happy to explain the extensive menu and to guide you as many of the Offerings here are not commonly found in most Americanized Chinese restaurants. The menu featured lots of pictures of the food and for me this is usually a turn off.Since the menu  is extraordinary and the offerings notwidely known to most non Chinese diners we can let this one slide. BTW it's a few blocks from the Main Street and Roosevelt Avenue intersection but, it's well worth the hike.
This restaurant reminds me why I love Yelp.  Great food at a place I would have easily overlooked.  The stewed oxtail was incredible, their noodles were great and I enjoyed the black fungus with pork.  I will go back!
Ordered the spicy lamb with chili and was totally wowed by the combination of chili, onions, cliantro and the magic ingredient: cumin. Could quibble about the small size of the lamb pieces, but won't since there was a fair amount of meat overall. Not usually a fan of peanuts or carrot, but was taken by the complementary appetizer of marinated peanuts, carrots and celery. Nice staff too!Will definitely be going back to try more.On my second visit I ordered the oxtail with corn. The segments of corn on the cob were amazingly sweet, the mushrooms succulent, and the bamboo shoots and baby bok choy were crispy. That said, the meat on the bone, while tender, was a bit sparse and didn't have that marrow richness that oxtail can have. Still, the mandala arrangement of the elements and the preparation had the feel of a high end restaurant.Third visit: Baby chicken with mushroom.  An good amount of small chunks of chicken on the bone, black mushrooms and sweet potato noodle comes in a slightly thickened wonderfully rich flavored soup. That said, the chicken had a disappointingly dry texture; guess "baby" means lacking in fat that makes meat moist. This comes in a small wok that they put over a heating flame: my advice, don't use the flame which will overcook the meat even more. Based on these experiences, I'm wondering if meat isn't their forte, or is treated like a flavoring more than a primary ingredient. The strength of some aspect of every dish prevents me from reducing my rating--so far.
The spicy red pepper lamb was our favorite. If you like basil, the stir fried eggplant with basil was excellent. We came as a group of 6 and there was nothing we had that we did not love. Would recommend this place any day.
Good vegetarian options. Try the fava/broad bean dish, eggplant and peppers, and the tofu skin chili casserole.Cumin chili lamb is solid and so is their shredded pickled cabbage and pork. Interesting was the fried tea leaves and peppers on top of salt pepper shrimp. Closing things out was the deep fried egg white meringue desserts stuffed with red bean paste (rolled in large pink? grain sugar). Only second time seeing this dessert offered since a visit to Toronto. Clean interior, large clean bathroom. Good three large tables. Beer by the pitcher available.
Definitely recommended this place! The most authentic northeastern chinese foods here
I really like the spicy fish there. As a Chinese, they can cook really local Northeast food from China. My husband and I go to this restaurant really frequently with our friends.
I loved this place. I ate in the restaurant and the staff was helpful with my food selections. I ordered a steamed orange pork with rice. It was really great and the atmosphere was very authentic. Great Dim Sum!
Unfamiliar food choices, and poor service . The Braised spare ribs was all bone and no meat it impossible to eat . After serving our food the waiter did not return to the table until we had to get his attention for the check . Will not visit again .
Wonderful northeast Chinese cuisine. It also has some sichuan style food. Would come again and again and again.
Okay! First of all, there are so many Chinese restaurants in Flushing! BUT I'm gona have to say this is the BEST one I've ever tried!!Their foods are so GOOD, better than I thought it would be! PLUS, it is very clean and the waiters are really passionate!! I highly recommend this place! It is soooo AWESOME!!
The food here taste so good. I love the yam cabbage pork bone soup and braised fish fillet.
This was a wonderful find.  It's off the beaten track and I suspect it's known only to those who seek out excellent meals made with fresh ingredients in authentic ways.  We had several dishes and they were all superb.  We will definitely return!
Good, authentic  food . Chopped salads, carrot /celery and cabbage , at every table - better than typical fried noodles . Braised roasted Pork with vegetable roasted chili was flavorful, not too spicy. Huge bowl of tomato  egg eye drop soup. Large portions. Nice staff . Would return if come to area again .
This is epicurean wonderland of new delights. The food first of all is very spicy so bring your asbestos palate. We had a cold wood ear and super fresh vegetable salad, fried fish with cumin and chilis and a vegetable dish in black bean sauce. The oil content is very low in these dishes which is a break from all the soggy Chinese meals we've eaten, the fried fish was in the lightest batter with the spices just drizzled on top, no sauce, and the black bean sauce was very thin, again not oily, and flavorful. Service is pretty attentive and this is our new go to place in Flushing.
Visiting area for US Open, found restaurant on Yelp and went based on reviews. Great food, friendly service, definitely recommend.
The food is really good! Very authentic! Large quantity and low price! Will definitely come back!
This place has great northern Chinese food. They can accomodate large parties and their lunch specials are a steal at $5.79. Gets pretty jumping late night. Always a good time.
My friend who's from northern part of China took me there. I had no clue what to order. Everything that he ordered were amazing! I don't eat spicy but I heard they have very good spicy dishes too. I like non-spicy foods only. They have interesting desserts too. It's fried taro and sweet potatoes with honey. Dip it into cold water before you eat. Outside is very crispy and inside is soft. Soooo tasty! Prices are very reasonable too. The servers and owner are very friendly
wow! this place is amazing! this is the best Chinese food i ever tried in flushing. their food is so good and you must try the cold noodle, i can say that is the best cold noodle that you can have. if you are aiming for lunch or dinner with friends and family, must come to this place. also the waiters are so nice and serve with passion. MUST MUST MUST!!!! GOOOOOOOO!!!!
The best jelly fish (海蜇皮）and fermented rice soup （酒酿圆子）ever!   They gave us free soup dumplings and fermented rice soup.  Tips: their entrees are more expensive but appetizers and street food is more reasonable.  Next time I will focus on those. The service is super fast and attentive.  I was pleasantly surprised by how efficient and attentive they were but yet we didn't feel rushed.  They got it nailed down!!!!
I have a mean habit of not reviewing my go-to spots. When one visit becomes two, then three, then 10... there's just simultaneously too much and not enough to say.Here's what I can say about Shanghai You Garden (which doesn't feel like enough, but is likely too much):- They make some of my favorite 小籠包 (soup dumplings) in the city. No, it's not consistent - some days the skin is thicker, some days the broth is blander. But they've been great a solid 60% of the time, which is all we can really hope for: flavorful filling, tender wrappers, dangerously hot and quivering with gelatin. For those of you who rate Nan Xiang (yelp.com/biz/nan-xiang-x…) or Joe's Shanghai (yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…) higher, go home and think about what you've done.- If your table spends $10+ (easy), you get a free basket of six soup dumplings - weekends, weekdays, ANY TIME! This is an amazing deal for their signature food, and has been in effect since they opened. You don't even have to ask, they just bring it. This means 2 people can eat a tasty meal for $15... total. Insane.- The cold appetizers should not be ignored. 夫妻非片 (sliced beef and stomach in chili oil) is better elsewhere, but my favorite here is 雪菜毛豆豆乾 (edamame and snow vegetable with bean curd tossed in sesame oil).- The breakfast items are unfortunately not worth your time. The 油條 (fried dough stick), sweet soy milk, scallion pancake - none are the best they can be. The scallion pancake with sliced beef (牛肉捲餅) was plain bad, with dense, greasy bread and practically no beef. Some of their noodle soups, namely the curry beef vermicelli soup, have been a waste of stomach space as well.This little restaurant is busy, and only getting busier. I used to arrive at 11am on a weekend and not have to wait. Now, no matter the time, weekend waits stretch at least 20-30 minutes. On the plus side, they have a system all worked out to accurately guess waittimes and shuttle people into tables in an orderly fashion. Make sure your entire party is present, or you will not be seated. Once seated, the staff are polite and efficient but don't rush you. Shanghai You Garden is not perfect, and is rarely mindblowing. It is, however, pretty reliable and rarely disappoints. I would tolerate a half hour wait to eat here again - and that's saying a lot.
I go there a lot... like over 20 times. Whenever I come alone or with a friend or two, we always order simple dishes: scallion oil noodle, scallion pancake, veggie dumplings and once u order more than $10, soup dumplings are always on the House. How nice!Whenever we come in a big group, we order big dishes, like pork stew, fried fish, fish head soup. All delicious :)Come early and always expect the wait...
Good food, busy as hell, pricing is strange and the force free stuff upon you. Portions are sorta small, maybe that is why.We got the crab and pork dumplings, snow peas and garlic, rice cakes with pork, and soy sauce duck. They forced upon us pork dumplings... And they came first of course.The flavors were good overall. The duck was a lot of fat, but very tasty meat... For 7 bucks, a good choice. The peas and garlic were 16 bucks. No really, 16. Everything else was priced as we expected.This place has a system. You wait 20 minutes or so, but review the menu and order while you wait.Once you sit, the food just appears out of nowhere. It's a good system.Good place overall.
My favorite restaurant in Flushing! Come early, like before 11:30am to avoid the long wait. Came here countless times. Dim sum is better than main courses, I think. Authentic Shanghainese cuisine. Soybean products are my favorite. Any noodle, rice, sticky rice are awesome too. Orders above $10 also come with half-dozen xiao long bao for free. Great deal. Thumb up! You can also get take out for cheaper price at the store across the street. It's a small food court called 88 #%€£... (I forget the exact name)
Absolutely my favorite Shanghainese restaurant by far!!! I've been here a handful of times now and I've never had a bad experience. A lot of reviews say that there is a long wait here, but it all depends on the time of the day you go I guess since I've only had to wait once and it was only a 15 minute wait. The restaurant opens at 8am and closes at 11pm daily.Note that this is a cash only restaurant as well.First of all, I have to say something about their menu. It's great. They offer a picture of every item on the menu, which also makes everything on it seem extremely appetizing and appealing to the eye. The food is very inexpensive. You can get a whole meal for less than $10 a person. Not to mention, they offer a complimentary order of soup dumplings when you spend over $10 or with a Yelp check in. The dishes are large in portion in my opinion. I can never finish my food whenever I come here. Some of my favorites here are the:Sweet Soy Bean Curd ($1.50): The portion is HUGE. The ratio of the honey/sugar and bean curd is perfect. I always order this when I come for breakfast/lunch cause it's so worth it!!Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($4.95): The portion is also huge for $5. The Scallion pancake is crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. It comes with thin slices of beef on the inside with a sauce (I think it's hoisin sauce) and scallion. It's perfect to be shared and a great appetizer. Cold Shanghai Special Chicken ($6.95): This is a cold appetizer. I believe it's a quarter of a chicken and it comes with a side of a sweet soy sauce. I usually order the hainese chicken when I go out to eat malaysian and that dish is normally warm. The chicken is tender and the sauce that comes with it really compliments it. Watercress Dumplings ($3.95): I love watercress dumplings when I go get dimsum so I gave it a shot on one of my visits to Shanghai You Garden. You would've thought that for $4, you are getting a regular dimsum portion of dumplings, but I kid you not, these dumplings are on steroids. The skin of the dumplings are chewy and the dumpling itself is packed with watercress and shrimp, bursting with flavor. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice. The interior decor is very authentic and Chinese. The service is extremely quick. The one time I had to wait, the waitress took my order while I was in line and within 5 minutes I got seated, my food came out. This is now my goto Shanghainese restaurant!
Free XLB and dessert! I didn't even know this deal was going on when I first came here some few months ago with my boyfriend. We ordered an array of dishes along with and order of XLB, and the waiter asked me to clarify whether or not I wanted one or two orders of XLBs, cause one was free! What a sweet surprise that cut our bill to just $20 (with a ton of food we ended up doggy bagging)! Everything was delicious and as expected, and it came pretty darn close to Nan Xiang (my absolute favorite Shanghainese restaurant) just a few blocks away.I recently just came back with my sister, for the free XLB deal. We ordered scallion pancakes, Shanghai shiu mai, Shanghai fried udon, and an order of XLB. This time, though, I feel like the quality of food was lower. The dishes were a lot more oily than the first time I went and the portions, at least for the udon, were smaller. They also brought over two orders of XLB, though I expected just one free order. Our waiter this time didn't clarify whether or not I wanted two which he should have...I mean how can two tiny little girls finish that much food?? Kinda disappointed in that, but I can also see how it was my fault for not being the one to clarify. Overall, great Shanghainese restaurant, it's always packed so don't be surprised if you have to wait, and awesome place to check out for a budget meal!
Are you looking for a cheap dinner with good portions?? Then you are in for a real treat! Tucked away in Main Street flushing is this little restaurant. It gets extremely crowded if you go later than 7 because come on.. check in and you get a free order of steamed xiao long bao?!! WHAT IS THIS SOCERY!! The restaurant is narrow and long so there isn't a lot of space in between the tables so don't be afraid to get intimate. The prices on the menu are also too good to beat!Tip: Order the xiao long bao once you sit because you never know how many people ordered and how long it will take. Food ordered:1) Regular and crab meat xiao long bao - I usually don't eat crab meat but surprisingly this place cooks the broth and meat really wellBut I can't really compare to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao because the skin is a lot tougher and thicker. 2) Shanghai pan fried noodles - You can skip this.. the entree came out cold and dry3) Noodles with beef and peppers - This dish had great portions and was really good compared to the shanghai pan fried noodles. 4) Big soup dumpling - It was so small and disappointing... you can really skip this I wouldn't rave about this place but if you are looking for a quick fix in flushing and trying to ball on a budget, this is the place for you. Because everything my friend and I ordered was under $30!
Bf and I was circling around Flushing for about 30mins looking for street/lot parking.  We were going to give up and leave when we spotted someone pull out of a spot.  I was so glad that we didn't leave because Shanghai You Garden xiao long bao was some of the best that we had.  Well worth the wait.We got there around 2:30pm for a late lunch and the restaurant was still packed with a line out the door; we waited 15mins.  The waiter gave us a menu and took our order as we were waiting.What we ordered:Hot soy milk $1.50 - it's been a while since I've gone to a Shanghainese restaurant and I was so surprised when the waiter brought over a large bowl of soy milk.  For a second I thought they had given us someone else's soup order.  The soy milk was fresh and slightly sweeten.Scallion pancake with beef $4.95 - the pancake was doughier and sweeter than I was used too.  The best part was that it wasn't overly fried and saturated in oil. There wasn't much scallion on the pancake. It was ok, not bad.  Decent portion.Pork xiao long bao $5.75 -  soo good!  The XLB was much plumper and had more soup than the ones I've had from other restaurants.  We burned our tongues slurping the soup, but continued eating anyway :)Crab xiao long bao $6.75 - We're getting 2 orders of this next time! Decent amount of crab-pork filling ratio and didn't have a strong fishy flavor. I can't wait to dine here again and to try some of the other dishes.
Great food and service and decent prices but they only take cash. Quite a few different options to choose from and nice turnip cakes! Good soup dumpling and nice scallion pancake with and without beef. Good soy milk too, you can also require to less it less sweetened. A few spots but always crowded but usually not too long of a wait. Opens from 8am to 11pm everyday so it's great! Pretty convenient with a couple different bus stops and 7 train at walking distance. Love the place and will definitely be going back and highly recommend! Promise you will not be disappointed, in fact, you will regret for not checking it out!
The place is popular and line is quite long. I came early to try their food and see what the rave is about . The staff is overwhelmed but attentive to a certain point. Since I'm not familiar with their menu, waiter explained the dishes that were unfamiliar. Delicious to the last bite .  Food quality is 5 star but service can definitely improve by adding more staff. Great experience overall.
Had me at 1 free order of pork dumplings when you check in! Food was amazing! We came pretty late, they were closing in about 45 minutes.. didn't feel rushed at all. Food was very very good. I will be suggesting this place to friends and family
Really cheap and authentic Shanghainese food here! ESP since you get free XLB pork soup dumplings if you order more than $10 worth of food. We came here on a Saturday afternoon and waited 20-25mins for 3 ppl. Also cash only! Beware to not order too much because the food is really filling and each order of bao/dumpling has at least 6+ pieces. I would say my favorite dishes would have to be the red bean puff pastry (they also have turnip cake filling) and the pan fried pork buns. They were our spontaneous orders and turned out to be surprisingly really good.
Saw Mike chen here! Whoa.Anyways I wasn't going to review this place but something happened that made me have to say something.My friend wanted hot pepper sauce, and asked the waiter. He said ok, then came back and gave us black pepper in a shaker. My friend said, no we want hot pepper, and the guy said "that's all we have!" and walked away before we could respond. The fuck!? Super rude. It was a tall guy with swept back short hair and glasses. Hey, screw you dude. We don't need your shit attitude.Could've been a 4 star, but his bad attitude ruined it for me. Hope the manager reads this and tells him to shape up... Rude af.
First time at this restaurant and it definitely won't be my last! Came here for dinner on a Saturday night around 8pm and it was packed. We waited around 20-25 minutes before we got seated which wasn't too bad of a wait. While we waited, we got a chance to look over the menu and put in our order so that by the time we sat down our food was ready.My friend and I ordered the Steamed Crab Meat Pork Buns, Steam Pork Buns, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Pan Fried Noodles with Beef and the Soup Filled Bun. And get this... they offer a complimentary order of the soup dumplings when you spend over $10!! What a steal!! Sadly by the time we were seated they were sold out of the Soup Filled Buns (I WILL BE BACK FOR YOU!!). So here's the breakdown of the food:The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef was delicious! The pancake was crispy on the outside and paired with the sauce and the thin slice of beef was a great combo! This would be a great option if you're looking for an appetizer. The Pan Fried Noodles with Beef was a bit too oily for my preference, but nonetheless it was still good.Lastly, both orders of the soup dumplings really hit the spot! By the time we were finished with this we have fallen into a massive food coma. My overall experience here was positive. The service was quick and the overall ambiance was nice. Can't wait to go back to try out other items on the menu!
Went here for a quick dinner before a concert...friends were in the mood for Xiao long bao (soup dumplings)... not a very big place, so if you have a big party, best to make reservations. we had a party of 5 for dinner and ordered a couple of crab and pork soup dumplings, noodle dishes, scallion pancake and dessert.  Dishes are not too big so if you are hungry, make sure you order a couple of dishes.  Busy during the prime time dinner hour, so best to order fast as it may take time for the food to come out esp the dumplings. Reasonable cheap eats for dinner in Flushing.
This place is the only place that makes the large soup dumpling for an affordable price $3! Where can you find that others than this place?!!! The skin of the soup dumpling is thicker than the one I had before but still good for the price. They give free pork soup dumpling when you buy up to $10 stuff (no need to check in). The Beef pancake was so good (the sauce they put was tasty)
So nostalgic of Shanghai. Named after YuYuan Garden, this Shanghainese restaurant had so many of my favorite dishes from the motherland. I wish I had the stomach to eat everything. There's also a current promo going on where you can get a free tier of pork xiao long bao soup dumplings for free with $10 dine in purchase. You don't even have to check in, they will just bring it out with your meal. We also got a big bowl of 酒釀 glutinous rice dessert soup at the end. What a bonus! The staff was efficient but like any other Chinese restaurant, don't expect them to be super friendly and catering to your needs. The food, however, is fantastic. Here's some things I ordered:烤麸 Kao Fu Bean Gluten - One of my all time favorite cold appetizer dishes. It is slightly sweet and juicy. It has wheat gluten cubes, shiitake mushrooms, black fungus, bamboo shoots and this yellow flower veggie that is wonderful. You Garden makes it pretty good. Legit Shanghainese style.素雅 Su Ya - Different than how it usually comes as layers of tofu skin. This restaurant makes it more like a veggie patty. My friend also got veggie dumplings and they looked handmade, not frozen.小笼包 soup dumplings - We got the crab and were given the free pork ones. The crab meat ones were delicious. Thin layer of skin with a hearty portion of pork and crab inside. One bite and a big mouthful of soup comes out. They mix tiny pieces of ginger into the filling to make it less fishy, which is my only complaint cause I hate ginger. Other than that, it was great. Stir fry snow pea tips - Not a very big portion and a little heavy on the oil but the veggies were very tender and clean.猪脚黄豆汤 Pig feet yellow bean soup - Healthy and good for you. Pig's feet is full of collagen, good for your skin. This is a rich flavored soup and I love the soft yellow beans.This place is definitely giving Joe Shanghai and Nan Xiang Xiao Long a run for their money. Good competitor.
A nice spot to eat out with friends.Be aware that you will not be seated until your full party has arrived! In the waiting area, you can watch the chefs make the XLBs and there are many choices of delicious cold appetizers out front as well. So look around and choose as you're waiting!My 2 friends and I ordered 2 orders of steamed pork buns. Any orders over $10 comes with one free order of steamed pork buns, so we got one per person. Additionally, we got salty congee, beef pan fried noodles, and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were pretty good. Chewy on the inside and very crispy on the outside, but not greasy at all. I was disappointed at the beef pan-fried noodles. I very rarely order these when I go out because they're hard to make right and generally expensive. These were a bit salty and not crunchy at all. Sadness! Though the pork-bun deal is good for the price of everything, I can't say i'd go back here for more...The flavor of the pork buns here aren't fantastic. There are more choices for XLB around this area. If you want quantity, come here. If you want flavor, go elsewhere. Service isn't great here, but there's pretty nice decorations, free wi-fi, and it's on a Pokéstop. The grand total for 3 people was ~$10 each. It was not very busy here for a Saturday morning.
Came with a group of four and ordered the young chow fried rice, pork XLB (free with check in), rice cakes with chopped vegetables, shrimp shumai, scallion pancakes, grandmas braised pork, pan fried pork buns, Chinese dou Miao leafy vegetable. This was too much food, although the lady at the front said we should've ordered more.Everything was good, came in decently sized portions, and was priced fairly. The grandmas pork was a little sweet in my opinion. This place had pretty good service compared to other Chinese restaurants. Worth a visit for quality Chinese food. Not sure if it's worth the trek to flushing though.
This place was PACKED. I didn't realize it was this popular until I Showed up. There was a line out the door in the doorway and inside! They give you the menu while you wait and you can preorder so that you don't have to wait too long for the food and to be quite honest I'm sure it helps them with turn over as well. We order the soup dumplings of course since we wait all year to come back to NY for This wondrous taste. It skin was just right as well as the juice and the nicely packed meat. Most of the time it doesn't break unless you don't know how to handle it. We also order the vegetarian dish which was fantastic. The udon noodles were super salty and saucy but it was delicious. Less salt on the noodle dish would have been nice. Seafood udon, chicken udon, and pork udon. There was also orders of fried rice which was tasty. The staff was friendly which is a nice change from service in Flushing restaurants.
Not everything was bad, but we were disappointed by the majority of items.The best item by far was not the soup dumpling, but the savory moon cake.  The soup dumplings were decent -- the skin was acceptably thin, but the soup was too rich/fatty for my liking.  As an FYI, the filling is also a bit on the sweet side.  The braised pork in brown sauce (紅燒肉) was also one of the better items.  The Shanghai noodles were standard -- fine, but nothing special.Now, onto the really disappointing.  The beef noodle soup had no depth to the flavor; the beef had almost no taste and was not that tender.  Shanghainese cuisine is supposed to be delicate and intricate, but many of the dishes were anything but that.  The scallion pancake beef roll was so incredibly thick.  I can't think of the last time I had such a fat scallion pancake...it was probably the size of 3 normal sized ones stacked together, so needless to say, it was not much of a wrap and was barely folded over.  The fried bun with chives and egg was also ginormous.  Granted, the skin there was not overly thick, but it was a bit overfried and unnecessarily large.  The malantou (veggies and tofu side salad) was really mushy and not fresh.There are so many great Chinese food options in Flushing, so I'm bummed that we spent a rare trip to Flushing here.
Can't go wrong with free soup dumplings with a $10 dine in purchase. Depending on the time of arrival you might have to wait from 20-35 minutes but they let you place your order with them in advance so once you sit down the order gets submitted to the kitchen automatically and it helps with the food coming out faster especially those delicious soup dumplings. The service is ok and only some of them speak and understand English. We always order the pork soup dumplings, fried rice, and pan fried udon noodles. The dishes look small but it's quit filling. If you want to get food for take out I suggest ordering on the phone in advance then coming to pick up as the place gets super crowded and there's no where to sit and wait for take out orders.
Update 1/5/17:!!! EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY, FOOD, SERVICE & GOOD VALUE !!! Do not miss this spot if you're visiting or stopping by Flushing!!!Shanghai You Garden is now the spot my boyfriend and I will frequent for dinner. We ordered Pan Fried Dumplings for dinner and we were presented with a dish that came with sesame seeds(unexpectedly, since on the picture there were none--my boyfriend absolutely dislikes sesame seeds). We asked the waiter if he could scrape off the sesame seeds for us, which couldn't be done. The manager then came by and offered to take it back to the kitchen and arrange for a new set of Pan Fried Dumplings to be made(thank you so much!). The pan Fried Dumplings were a bit oily, but overall tasted great and had a nice crisp texture on the bottom. All in all, we had a great dining experience, and look forward to coming back here for dinner again. :) -Good bye, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao on Prince St... I never liked you anyways even tho you're zagat or whatever-rated. The Xiao Long Bao at Shanghai You were fresh and delicious. Crab Meat & Pork Xiao Long Bao:-rich broth-light on palateRegular Pork Xiao Long Bao:-Typical Pork xiao long bao that is not soggy nor greasy -free with orders $10+Scallion Pancake w/ Sliced Beef(My picky SO approves!):-Scallion Pancake was steamy hot & crisp-sliced beef had great flavor and hints of star anise-this was really goodGrandma's Red Braised Pork Belly:-This dish is overpriced, especially in regards to the portion size -Freshly made from scratch-comes with quail eggs-the sauce was good, similar to teriyaki sauce but way better -pork belly had a good proportion of fat to meat(wasn't overly fatty) -the meat was not too soft, but chewable Aside from the xiao long bao, I can't wait to come back here to try other items on the menu. It was a great flavorful experience. ^_^
Cash only!On a Thursday afternoon, there was a bit of a wait but not too long. They give you a menu while you wait which was pretty nice so I can think of what to order with my friend. They have a deal where if you spend more than $10, they give you a free order of XLB. Food here is relatively cheap. My friend and I ordered a bunch of food and we couldn't finish so I ended up taking to go. We had the free XLB (yay!). It is good, the dumpling layer was thin and the soup was good. I felt there was a lot more veggie than meat. But not complaining since it was free.The scallion pancake was fluffy and good. It was very fried but the more fried, the better tasting! We also had the fried wontons. It was stuffed with a lot of meat and was very crispy. The shanghai shumai here is pretty good but I'd have to say I prefer the one from Kung fu XLB. The sticky rice inside the shumai wasn't as flavorful as the one in Kung fu. But the one here is definitely a bit bigger. The fried fish wrapped in seaweed was surprisingly good. I have never had it before and the taste was interesting. The fish is perfectly fried and there is a lot of meat inside. The seaweed isn't overly empowering but adds a different taste to the fish. Overall, I would come back again. There was enough food for three and super duper reasonable price.
Where do I start ?!? Well, my fiancé and I have been coming here for some time now- we always seem to beat the traffic (long wait)... thank you god!! The turn over service here is 20mins - which means there's no talking while eating here - it's all just yummy!! Soup dumplings are all hand made which you could observe soon as you enter the restaurant. Also, they have complimentary soup dumpling (pork filling - with orders over $10 bucks), tea and dessert. Three good reasons to stop and try this place out .
We've dined in many places in Flushing and I will have say this has been one of the best and most attentive service.  We did go during slow time, 3 PM on a Wednesday, but there was still a nice crowd that you can tell the food was going to be good.  I would hope the service is just as good during peak hours. The food was delicious, the prices are low enough that you can sample a little of everything. We order a lot that we were gifted a complimentary order of soup dumplings. Looking at the place on the outside, it does not appear to be much, but the moment you walk in, you can see that it's charming and with the chefs busily making soup dumplings in the front of the restaurant.  Overall, the food was delicious, the service great. We will definitely come back.
Key words: (1) CA$H only, (2) long wait (but some seating available inside while you wait), (3) very cheap, (4) lightning fast service, (5) FREE xiaolong baos.Recommend: soy sauce duck (though we are pretty sure we got tofu instead).  Even though it looks like it was drenched in soy sauce, it was not too salty and it was marinated well.A narrow but quite clean Chinese restaurant with a small dim sum selection.  I prefer one of those carts places for dim sum, but this place still features steamy fresh dim sum to go along with a wide selection of authentic Chinese food.Note that even though this place offers a check-in offer for steamed buns, they give everyone for free as long as you order more than $10.  Though the line can get long, it moves quite fast because the service is really quick.
Giant soup dumpling was a fun experience BUT oh so salty!!! Actually a lot of Shanghai food is on salty spectrum. Came in day after Christmas for lunch and they were packed. You take a number and you order food while waiting in line. Cash only and they have a ATM inside.  As soon as you sit down the food you ordered will quickly arrive. Decor is cute. A lot of Chinese water color painting and such. Nice wide booth. Walls a bit dirty though. Needs a good wipe down.
I came here for New Years Dinner and the restaurant wasn't crowded. We ordered 3 items- Soup dumplings, Pan fried Soup dumplings, and Sticky Rice dumplings. The Soup dumplings were good. The sticky rice dumplings were interesting but literally stuffed with sticky rice inside and on the top; I wish there was a meat inside instead. The pan fried dumplings were good, but soaked in too much oil.The total came out to be only $16!Cash only.Pro tip- Check in on yelp and receive a FREE order of steamed pork dumplings!
"You lost that dumplin' feelin'Whoa, that dumplin' feelin'You lost that dumplin' feelin'Now it's gone, gone, gone, wohohoh"All you've gotta do is stop on by and order up some freaking awesome dumplings from here, and that dumplin' feelin' will be fillin' ya up!With a large dining room, fast service, and a nice range of choices that dont come in a menu the size of a holy text is a nice change from some dumpling places. The lack of personal service and the fact that one waitress took my plate that had my fresh spring roll that she SAW me put down after just one bite was a bit annoying. Come on you saw me put the spring roll down after just one bite and snatched up the plate and turned away in like 1 second. Waited for my actual waitress to ask if everything was OK so I could say something, but my food was dropped off briskly as if I were a leper.Ya get 4 stars because the dumplings were good, the prices are great, service was fast. If there was any kind of personal service it would get 5. Why you just take my spring roll? =(4 stars.
My wife and I had a pretty solid lunch experience here.  We got a lot of food for 2 people:Fried bun with chives and egg - We get this all over Flushing and I think theirs is one of the better ones.  The bun itself is quite good. 4/5Soy bean pig feet soup - The broth was hearty and the beans were good. Can't go wrong with pig feet. 4/5Rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetables - The rice cake was slightly overcooked but the flavor was good. I was afraid the preserved veggies might make the dish too salty but it wasn't too bad. 3.5/5Spicy tendons - This is one my favorites dishes and I really like the way they flavored it.  It wasn't just dipped in chili oil. Tendons were sliced thinner than what I usually see and I think that helped to absorb more flavor. 4/5Salty bean curd soup - Not as salty as some places (a good thing) and overall a pretty decent shout if you like tofu/milk/garnishes thrown in together. 3.5/5XLB (free!) - Hard not to like free food. The pork XLBs we got weren't as oily as some other popular XLB places which is a plus. 3.5/5They score pretty high on my taste per dollar ratio given the cheap prices and the set-up is comparatively nicer than most similar joints in then neighborhood. Will definitely come back to try their Shanghainese style noodles next time. CASH ONLY!
I should've left a review along time ago .We always have a wonderful meal here.  Every dish is  a delight. They always give a free basket of Xiao long baos. But we always end up ordering 2more baskets.  (Haha my love for these are an excuse to ditch my diet from time to time) There is always a line out the door whenever we come,the wait time can range anything from 30mins - 1.5hrs however I discovered the trick to skipping the line... come dine during lunch time on a weekday.But hey if you and up waiting for awhile the waiters actually give you a menu while you wait and take your order so when you finally sit down there's not a long wait time for your piping hot yummy food to arrive. Everything from the steamed veggie dumplings,  seaweed croaker fish, scallion pancake wrapped beef, YUGE meatballs (lionhead) , beef lo mein and much more cooked to perfection. During dinner time they gave us free desserts after your meal (sweet glutinous rice balls w wine sauce and eggs) it's said to be very nutritionous and keeps you warm on these cold winter nights) Anyways prices are very decent as well. My husband and I once took our out of town family members here and we ordered like a beast for a table of 10. We left here taking doggie bags and on top of that so full the button on my pants literally popped opened (nah jk it didn't, but you get the idea)  and the bill was just around 200$ plus tips
A bit baffled as to why people say this place is better than Nan Xiang. Sure, it might be a bit cleaner, and the table gets a free order of soup dumplings, but the taste is not even close to Nan Xiangs soup dumplings, and the rice cakes here are pretty tasteless compared to other places in Chinatown. The wait here is also pretty long because of the slower turnover rate compared to nan Xiang, so I don't know why people say Shanghai You is so much better. It's not. Also a travesty is the jumbo soup dumpling, which is a far cry from the jumbo soup dumpling I've had in Shanghai. The one here is literally all soup, but it's a weird vegetable soup thing which you slurp with a straw. It's super gimmicky without the flavor to back it. It's cute for a picture but honestly a waste of money as the soup tastes funky and the soggy skin isn't exactly something you want to eat.Their cold dishes are decent - I always get the hau fu at soup dumpling restaurants. We also tried their cold chicken which was pretty mediocre, but the price isn't bad. Their spicy beef is decent also, but it's kinda hard to mess up these cold dishes. We also tried their pork "mooncakes" which is pretty much the dumpling meat inside a flaky pastry. It looks nothing, nor tastes like, a mooncake. It did not impress me at all, but my parents told me they reheated it the next day and it was delicious. The scallion pancake was pretty standard as well. Their fried pork buns are pretty average as well - a little too much bread and not enough meat which seems to be a common trend nowadays. The soup dumplings were the biggest disappointment of all, as people said it was superior to Nan Xiang in flavor which is not the case at all. One of my friends told me the chef used to work at Nan Xiang but it tastes nothing like it! The rice cakes were flavorless as well.Overall the plating here is much nicer, and it's a cleaner feel overall, but I do not think it's worth the sacrifice in flavor. Nan Xiang is a little bit dingier, but the soup dumplings there are the best. We also got a complimentary dessert which was some sweet porridge with gluttonous rice. It was pretty good but there was a lot of alcohol in it.
After seeing long lines in front of You Garden, I finally found the time to make a visit. You can easily get here by getting off at the Main Street Station in Flushing on the 7 subway line or by taking the LIRR to Flushing where the restaurant is literally across the street from the LIRR exit staircase.When we arrived, it was about 11:45 am on a Sunday morning and already there was a small waiting line in front of the restaurant. There was a lady giving out numbers and told us that the wait was about 25 minutes. She also handed us a takeout menu. We actually got in after 15 minutes. What was interesting was that before we stepped inside, another worker took our order. I didn't expect this, but luckily I was already making up my mind what I was getting.The restaurant is long and narrow and is nicely decorated with calligraphy and bright lighting. Seating is dominated by many 2 to 4 seater tables. I didn't see any larger tables but perhaps my view was obstructed.We ordered several dishes:Large Soup DumplingPork Soup DumplingCrab and Pork Soup Dumpling Tang BaoDeep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried SeaweedPork Rice CakesPan fried Udon with BeefSince this restaurant is known best for its XLB soup dumplings, it was a priority to try them. We were delighted to learn that the restaurant had a buy one get one free offer for their regular pork XLB. I felt that both orders of soup dumplings were very good. The skins were on the thicker side and not translucent. I never felt the skins would break as I picked them up with my chopsticks. The meat inside was dense and formed a finely formed meatball. The soup quality had flavor but I felt it was a bit on the neutral side and this was for both kinds of XLB. My partner and I thought it was a 7.5 on a scale of 1 to 10.We also ordered the giant "Tang Bao" or extra large soup dumpling. This is served in a dim sum steamer. The XLB is about 4 inches wide and is lined on the bottom with parchment paper. It's filled with a yellow-ochre colored crab soup with a small crab and pork meatball. We felt that the soup tasted really watered-down and didn't have any character or heft to it. The meat wasn't any better and the skin was very thick, I think to hold in all the soup. We felt that the tang bao was much better as a standard XLB soup dumpling. Super-size didn't do much for this dish.As for the Yellow Croaker, we've had this dish at many other restaurants, however, I felt that there was a slight sourness to the dish. Not sure if it was vinegar that they added, but it wasn't really to my taste. Other restaurants would make this dish a little more to the salty side without the sour flavor.As for the Pork Rice Cakes, I really enjoyed this because it was combined with thin slices of mushroom and packed a punch of umami in the brown sauce.The Pan-fried Udon was also well done. It had "wok-hei" (wok-smoke flavor) and was seasoned right, not too salty or oily. The beef slices were really nice in the way that they were cut. It was pencil-wide strips but cooked to the point where there was a nice browning and char on the meat. I really liked this compared with how other Shanghainese restaurants make this dish.You should note that this is a cash-only restaurant.All in all, this was an excellent, first-time experience. I would definitely come here again because there so many dishes that stand out in their visually appealing menu. Those tiny pictures really do sell the food!
One of the best place to eat lunch (Shanghai food); food is delicious and extremely cheap. You'll know once you get here. I've been coming to eat lunch here for a while now.
I came here on a Sunday early afternoon with a friend and they told us the wait would be 20 mins and we're like ok. Turns out we waited almost an hour until we got our table. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef (crispy, delicious and not too saucy like other places), crabmeat soup dumplings (it was alright, not too salty), pork soup dumplings (free with $10 purchase which is alright too), soup filled bun (big soup dumpling which was overrated and definitely dont eat the skin, and pan fried seafood noodles (delicious when hot but could use less msg) Half hour later, they pretty much asked us if we got all our order. We said yes and bam gives us the check. Food came on a timely manner only because we ordered it in advance while we were waiting "20 mins". Overall, this place is mainly for tourist and for those that never been to see what the craze is about. Don't mind coming back here for the scallion pancake with beef and maybe try other foods but definitely not coming back for the soup dumplings.
Good decor and design and the good food makes the restaurant better or above avarageI had crab and pork  and a soup dump beef scallion pancake. The food was delicious and hot especially the beef salcallion pancake is really beast very flavorful and taste the haven right there also the steamed vetetable dumpling are also very good2 friends and i was there for lunch and it was good to be in here with all those delisted food and dumplings and soups.
I came here for the second time last week.This place is always superrrrrr busy! BUT even if you have to wait to be seated, it's not usually for too long. Shanghai You Garden is VERY AFFORDABLE and is a great place to come with a group of friends if you want to eat a ton, but not break your wallet.One order of soup dumplings is complimentary!! We ordered pan fried noodles with shredded pork and seafood pan fried udon noodles. THEY ALSO SERVE BREAKFAST ALL DAY. We also ordered shanghai egg roll, fried dough, and sweet soy bean curd.I wouldn't say the food was incredibly delicious, but everything we got tasted good and was decent. The portions were family style so they were easy to share. All the food came out very quickly too!
Found Shanghai You Garden on Yelp and decided to give this spot a try. Switching it up from my typical Flushing go-to, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. This place was definitely more on the authentic side. Upon arrival, there was a short wait and was given a little beeper. What I found so interesting is that there's someone walking around taking each parties orders before they even sit. Once called, you are seated at your table and your food arrives shortly after. Kind of cool! Have never seen a place do this before, very efficient. We ordered pork soup dumplings (you get an order for free when you check in on Yelp!) & the shrimp dumplings, which were both delicious! The pork buns were just OK. Really not that great. As I just got back from Shanghai a few months ago, I'm holding these to quite a high standard. We also ordered beef udon noodles & sesame chicken. Both pretty American dishes that really weren't that great. Probably should've only stuck with dumplings at this spot.
Very conveniently close to the flushing 7 train station. We went at 5pm, and luckily got seats for two quickly. Around 6pm and after, the wait looked pretty long.They had a Buy two get one free soup dumpling deals, so of course we had to get it. For two people, we ordered three racks of soup dumplings, one beef pancake, vegetarian mock meat, wood ear mushroom and a stir-fried udon noodles. Boy, we were stuffed! The soup dumplings, were actually pretty good -- thin skin, piping hot liquid and tender meat. The beef pancake is amazing. Not too oily, but was still very crunchy (the beef was tender and delicious). The side dishes of vegetarian mock meat and wood ear mushroom were tasty. The only thing that lacked was the udon noodles. It was oily and just wasn't that flavorful.
We care here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We came on a Thursday night around 7pm and there was a wait for seating.  That is a good sign as we passed other restaurants and they were empty.  The restaurant has a large selection of dishes to choose from.  It was so hard to decided on what to order because everything looked good.We ordered Crab Meat filled Xiao Long Bao (Steamed Soup Buns)Jelly Fish,  Beef Pan Fried Noodles and a regular Xiao Long Bao.   When I tried to order the Xiao Long Bao the waitress told us that we would get it for free if we plan to order more than $10.00 of food.  That was is what I call great customer service. Kudos to the waitress!All the dishes we ordered were fresh.  The skin of the soup dumplings were thin and the soup filling was delicious.   We even got free sweet soup with our meal.  We're definitely coming back to this restaurant for more food!
We were here Sunday for lunch and it was a lot~~~ of people. The wait was not too bad. You order first while waiting then 20 minutes you'll be seated. They're doing promotion of free Steamed Pork Bun not sure what you need to do to get it though~Ice Soy Milk: 3/5 Nothing specialSalt Sticky Rice Roll: 1/5 Mushy fritters with mushy and lose sticky rice. The whole thing was fulling apart.Pork Moon Cake: 3/5 The waiter had to reheat it because it was cold when he gave it to us and this was the first dish he brought us so kind of surprised that its cold.. It wasn't too bad after he reheated it though there was lots of meat in it.Crab Meat Pork Bun: 5/5 My BF's favorite~ Both this and the steamed pork buns are the gem of this place. The skin is very thin and lots lots of soup inside. I would definitely come back for this.Steamed Meat Pork Bun: 5/5 My personal favorite. I think this is better than the crab meat one but both are good. Just get both~Rice Cake w/ Pork & Preserved Veggie: 4/5 A bit on the oily side but pretty tastyPork Wanton in Chili Oil: 4/5 There's peanut sauce inside...I didn't read the English description so I thought this would be a typical wanton in chili oil that I usually like...not a big fan of peanut sauce but my son love love love this dishRice Cake w/ Salted Egg: 3/5 Very thick oily skin with duck egg and dried shredded pork inside. I can make this at home...Staff: 5/5 Very fast service. They are definitely busy but you can get their attention easily and get what you asked for within a minute or two.This is going to be my go-to place when I crave for steamed pork bun. There's so many other items on the menu I would want to try. Definitely recommend it~
Finally got to try this place! This place is located in one of the shady streets in flushing on 40th road. It's also mixed with a bunch of different establishments but it's the door to your left when you first walk in (don't go upstairs). The inside is actually pretty nice. From the waiters dressed in the chinese uniforms to the decor. I really wanted to come here for the soup dumpling! We got quoted 15 minutes, waited less than that. The hostess will give you a ticket with a number and party size. WAIT INSIDE!! as they will not come out to find you. The hostess even told us to just wait inside.We ordered the rice cakes with preserved veggies & pork, crab meat and pork soup dumplings, fried bean gluten, one free rack of pork soup dumplings, and the soup dumpling. The 2.99 soup dumplings (only soup) has a crab flavor which is nice. It's also an amazing alternative to that $10 big soup dumpling in the city. If anything, this place is deff way more worth! Everything was super delicious but these aren't the best soup dumplings i've had. I do think that nan xiang in flushing has better soup dumplings BUT you get a free rack of regular pork soup dumplings when you spend over $10 here which is pretty worth it in my opinion. This place also serves more shanghai dishes.- You don't have to check in on yelp to get the free soup dumplings, just tell them and they'll give it to you. This place also has really good customer service which is surprising bc chinese restaurants usually suck in terms of service. This place is cash only! Our total came up to about... $33 for two people including tip!There is also dessert at the end of your meal which tasted pretty good. It was semi sweet yet really healthy tasting. Overall, love this place! Would deff come back if I was craving some good Shanghai food but if I was craving soup dumplings only, I would prob opt for nan xiang.
A very narrow, but nicely decorated restaurant specializing in the it-never-gets-old XLB. The space is bright, with lovely Chinese calligraphy folding panels used as ceiling decor. The gold wall decor and green velvet cushions were also nice touches. Three of us came for dinner and had a bit of a wait, but the servers took our order during the wait. Food arrived in no time once seated.The pork soup dumplings were fine, nothing special, with decent pork filling. The pork/crab mixture was more flavorful, but still not as good as Joe's Shanghai or even NXXLB. They were piping hot though. The scallion pancake beef rolls were well done, but some slices sinewy. The pan-fried pork buns were soft and their bottoms crispy, but again the same pork mixture showed up, all unadventurous-like. I did like our seafood crispy noodles dish, which was very saucy and generally a hard dish to mess up. The sweet soy drink also nice and warming on a cold night.The freebies were a plus, including an extra order of pork soup dumplings and rice wine dessert soup with goji berries. Business was booming, but it didn't feel like much of a find, more like another middle-of-the-road option in the grand landscape of Flushing dining.
An exceptional combination of great food, pricing, cleanliness, and time needed to get seated.My friends and I visited 3 times over the course of 3 days when we visited Flushing. The stand out dishes are their scallion pancakes with beef and hoisin sauce, grandma style braised pork, spicy noodles with beef and peppers, and their soy bean gluten (a savory tofu like dish). The scallion pancakes are incredibly fluffy and currently my favorite in the NYC area. Shanghai You also has a promotion where they give an order of xiao long bao (soup dumplings) if you order over $10. Their XLB is pretty good, but if it wasn't for the promotion, I would probably skip it. They also make their own savory Zhong Zhi (sticky rice wrapped with banana leaves) and I ordered a few to freeze and take home. Each time I steam one for lunch, I reminisce of their scallion pancakes. I can't wait to go back.
This is my favorite Chinese Dim Sum restaurant in town. Steamed dumpling (xiao long bao) is so juicy and fresh. Staff are very friendly and introduced their hometown cuisine very clearly. I also tried Toufu Fa at this time. The flavor is salty with green onion, a kind of Chinese mushroom and soy sauce. Yummy.
All time favorite XLB spot in flushing! My friend showed me this place as few weeks ago and since then, I've been coming here. For dine-in only, if you purchase a XLB order, they offer you a free one. Amazing service and the best part was them offering complimentary dessert. I loved all their dishes!- XLB regular and crab.- Rice cakes with preserved cabbage and pork.- Scallion pancake with beef.- Shanghai shumai- Wonton on chili oil
This was my first time visiting this restaurant. Went during the weekend before 10am was worth it. If you order more than $10 you get a free Xiao Long Bao. My advise go early to avoid the long wait time and bring someone who knows Mandarin because they know little Cantonese and English.
Don't know how I walked right pass the long line of people! Food was amazing...had the seafood noodles, shrimp dumplings, cold duck. The noodles were very perfectly crispy with sautéed veggies, the duck was tender, and the shrimp dumplings were steamed and set precisely. Service was quick, waiters not friendly but that was overlooked as soon as we started eating. You know the place is good when you see natives eating there...and you're the only non-native.
Definitely one of my favorite Shanghainese spots in the city. Love how the restaurant is trendier and more comfortable than other places in Flushing, but still equally as affordable and delicious! I stopped by on a Saturday and waited for about 20 minutes before getting seated. We were encouraged to look over the menu and order while waiting (which I am a total fan of). By the time we were seated, it took only minutes before our food arrived. My friend and I tried the extra-large soup dumplings, mainly for the fun-factor. They were average and I would recommend saving stomach space for more xiaolongbao instead. The xiaolongbao's (pork soup dumplings) were awesome and comparable to other popular spots in the area. What I absolutely loved was the seaweed battered fish. Perfectly fried and not overwhelmingly oily. The Shanghainese stir-fried noodles and chicken soup were solid as well. Verdict: This is the place for you to get delicious Shanghainese food without needing to sacrifice comfort/service.
Short version: go here, eat good food. Expect to wait. Free order of soup dumplings! Skip the giant soup dumpling unless you really need to insta it. Long version: Shanghai You Garden has the same head chef (or owner?) of Nan Xiang so of course the soup dumplings will be great! Really nice decor and the waiters are nicer here. Expect a frenzy as you wait though; they'll ask you to order first so once you sit, the food arrives! Pretty efficient, but makes me feel rushed. Been here a few times and never had anything bad. Wish their pan fried pork buns had a little bit more meat! That is all. Go here, wait the wait, you won't be disappointed.
This was my first time eating soup dumplings.  Mmmm, they were delicious!  We came at a good time too, the line built up very fast.  It's a small location, so I'd recommend not going at a typical prime meal time.I preferred the pork soup dumplings to the seafood soup dumplings, but they were just a tid-bit too salty, but still delicious none the less.
I have eaten at many of the nearby restaurants but until today I had not tried the food at Shanghai You Garden (I checked in once before but then realized that the line was too long and went elsewhere). I came with my cousin who works one morning a week in Flushing and often stops here afterwards.When I arrived, the place was full but unlike on weekends, there was no line outside. The people who greeted us were friendly and promised us a table in about 5 minutes. And right on cue, we were seated 5 minutes later.The servers were all very friendly, attentive and too polite to laugh at my awful command of their language!  We began with scallion pancakes....not on my current low carb diet, but because my cousin said they were the best she had ever had, I said I would try one...and ended up eating three - enough said.Next we inquired about stinky tofu which our server warned smelled awful but tasted great. Right after he left we thought we smelled raw sewage or a baby that needed changing but it was a close by table that was also having stinky tofu.  When ours arrived, luckily we trusted our server and ignored the smell. The dish itself, was flavorful with a nice spicy kick. While eating the tofu I noticed some of the servers watching us...it was at that point that I realized that we may have been one of the first "lao wai's" to take the stinky tofu plunge!As others have noted, you get a free order of xiao long bao (soup dumplings) when you have ordered $10 of more of food (even on weekends). Our soup dumplings were exceptionally juicy and flavorful. They reminded me of ones that I had had eateb when in Shanghai and stood up in flavor to the ones served at Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai - the two most popular soup dumpling restaurants in Flushing. Our bill with tip was about $15 for two people...not a bad deal...unfortunately they do take credit cards - 4.5 stars!
What is not to love about a delicious shanghai dumpling spot where you could go into food coma for $20. I am currently the "duke" of this place for good reason. The food is just sooo good and sooo cheap. Free dumplings for $10 worth of food, get the pan fried noodles, couples beef and a few appetizers.
I'm ridiculously proud of being Shanghainese, and You Garden exemplifies everything I love about my culture. I came here with my family, all three generations, for an early dinner on a Saturday night, and we were grateful for this place and its authenticity. Shoutout to the entire waitstaff who spoke Shanghainese. We felt so at home.First off, this place gets PACKED. It's so busy, and they don't have a ton of space, but they'll get that food to you as quickly as possible so you're in and out within a 2-hour window. My aunt's been here a few times already, so we already knew what to order, but trust me when I say I doubt you'll get to dawdle over the menu - it's too busy for that.We got an assortment of Shanghainese staples and each was as authentic as the next. The xiaolongbaos are definitely real af here; get that and Grandma's braised pork. Those were hugely delicious.Cash only! The food is thankfully as cheap as it is yummy; nine people spent about $250 - and we all ate decent portions. I can't wait to roll through again.
Having tried both Nan Xiang and Shanghai You Garden now, I think the soup dumplings are definitely better at Nan Xiang (which is probably why they're giving them away for free here... just saying). The other dishes were very good, but lacked authenticity in my opinion. The spicy beef and beef scallion pancakes were my favorite. I thought that the stir fried udon noodles were a little too oily and tasted like your typical takeout food. The sticky rice rolls were also definitely better at Nan Xiang too - the fried dough breadstick inside was a bit stale in the order we got and super hard to chew. However, Shanghai You Garden is definitely cleaner and has better food presentation than Nan Xiang. Shanghai You Garden would also probably be better for larger groups based on the table setup. Still a solid place to grab brunch with decent prices!
This is the go-to place for soup pork dumplings with or without crab meat.  The skin is a bit thicker than the Taiwanese style, but there is plenty of soup inside.  The lines can be long, but it's worth waiting for the dumplings, scallion pancake wrapped beef sandwiches, and baked, shredded turnip cakes.  If their sheng jian bao also had soup, I'd give them five stars.Service is fast and friendly.  Parking can be tough on the street, but there are nearby lots.
My parents love this restaurant. I'm pretty sure it's because of the free soup dumplings you get if you order $10 or more. Not my favorite place for them, but they're pretty good. I actually prefer the regular pork soup dumplings to the crab and pork ones, which normally isn't the case.The rest of the food is okay, but too oily for my taste.I'm sad about the noodles with beef and chili pepper. That used to be my favorite dish here. It was surprisingly spicy, plus I loved the fresh, slightly springy texture of the noodles. However, on my most recent visit, the peppers were lacking that zing of flavor and spice, and in turn the dish tasted a little bland. The noodles were also a little too soft.The kung pao eel was... different. Eel in place of chicken? Interesting. It was too sweet and the ratio of fried batter to eel was so uneven. I guess I prefer the eel's natural flavor and texture.Hopefully they can cut back on the oil and return the noodles with beef and chili pepper to its former glory.
Kinda love it here. It is popular and there is a line on the weekends. But they are efficient and will take your order while you're waiting. It's very clean and the decor is very authentic Chinese and modern. The food is great - very authentic Shanghainese and delicious! Some of the best I've had anywhere in NYC. Service is fast and efficient and friendly.
This is a limited review, and a more expanded review will come after trying more food. In the meantime:I really wanted a Chinese style breakfast, and my fake cousin and I went to get salty silky tofu. It was a bit too salty, and not clear enough for my taste. However, I did like that they added pork floss. If you order more than 10 dollars worth of food, they give you a basket of soup dumplings. I was not impressed by their soup dumplings. The skin was quite thick and the broth was boring. I would like to come back to try their noodles -- it looks really good. Not sure if the place is worth the wait that often accumulates.
They get a full star just because when you order soup to go, they give you a nifty bowl that has a tray like insert that separates the soup from the noodles. Genius! Saves the grief of that extra take-out container of soup only.Naturally, as other reviews say, the xiao long bao soup dumplings are delicious. I haven't had the ones at their nearby competitor, but these were pretty damn fantastic to me. They pop with soupy goodness in your mouth and warm you up inside to out on a cold day like the ones we're finally having. I can't say I'm a XLB connoisseur because I rarely have the pleasure of eating them. I was always under the impression Din Tai Fung was the only legitimate place you were allowed to eat them at, and there's none nearby :( I have no complaints with this being my substitute though!I also ordered the cong you bing scallion pancakes and pork veggie noodle soup. The pancakes were some of the best I had to date in New York for its level of crispiness and right balance of chewy dough. So many others get so soggy and the dough tastes cheap. Not here!And as for my noodle soup, it was fab, even in to-go form and eaten the next day for lunch. Imagine now how it would've tasted fresh off the stove!Now, none of this was dirt cheap steals like Flushing days of yore or maybe some other spots, but reliable taste and quality go a long way. The dining room interior was also really pleasant. A far cry from the chaos of the street it's located on. Wouldn't hesitate to dine here again in the future, and look forward to re-reviewing for the final star once I've had a taste of the full menu and dining experience.
I came here with a friend a few weeks ago at the recommendation of her relative who lives in Flushing, quite early in the morning so there was no line. We ordered the the crab XLB ($6.75), sweet sticky rice roll ($2.50), soup filled bun ($2.99), and got a complimentary pork XLB. I think it's been said enough how amazing the XLB are - thin skins and they don't stick together (!), maybe the best I've had in the US - so I'm mostly writing this review to add pictures and clarify for anyone who might be confused as we were that the giant soup filled bun is in fact just filled with soup (with maybe negligible bits of crab). It's very hot and you'll burn yourself drinking through the straw if you don't wait long enough. It looks cute but we found it salty and oily and difficult to drink, and the skin was (understandably) very thick - we didn't eat it.Highly recommended - delicious and inexpensive soup dumplings, but I'd avoid the soup filled bun
This fancier than usual flushing shanghainese restaurant offered a great deal of menu options with their most popular being their Xiao long bao (soup dumplings). The place was packed so if you could make a reservation I would recommend it. Luckily for us, we were able to beat the crowd before the long line began forming.They were giving complimentary Xiao long bao for orders of $10 and up. The Xiao long bao was good and broth was tasty. We had ordered the large soup dumpling as well, which was just soup with no meat on inside. I preferred the regular soup dumplings over that. The veggies, crispy sweet and sour fish, fried tofu, and seafood noodle were all good choices as well.
Very fast seating for 8 people on a crowded Saturday. We were able to get the private seating in the front. Most memorable:Shanghai chicken : delicious sauce made it even better.Scallion pancake with beef: this was better than a lot of places I've tried.Little pepper dry noodle: OMG the noodles. It wasn't really spicy, but then again I love spice. The noodles was so good I wanted to order more.Worth mentioning:Salted tofu dish: similar to your tofu fa from dim sum but it has preserved veggies, worth trying wouldn't say it's for everyone.Xiao Long bao: very yummy soup base and the skin is very thin so you gotta be a pro to eat it lolSpicy beef tendon: very good, we ordered this twice All in all service was very quick, lost one star for portion sizes, most dishes were small.
The restaurant is actually very easy to miss if you're doing your usual rushing down the sidewalk walk in Flushing. That said, when it's busy, they do have a pretty decent system of trying to service all their customers as quickly as possible. While you're waiting in line, they ask you to peruse the menu to see if you'd like to order. This way, shortly after you're seated, the food comes out in a prompt fashion. The restaurant itself is quaint with a story written on the ceiling. The decor is average. To the food...The soup dumplings were ok...good but not memorably so. Then they had a dumpling that is filled entirely with soup. It seems like it's a hit or miss with that dish. All four members of my family got one, and 2 tasted okay, the other 2 were VERY VERY salty. I couldn't finish mine. Seemed pretty much gimmicky IMO. The order of rice cake I had, seemed like they used old, dirty oil to cook it with. Each bite had a flavor of rancid oil. Everything else was fair. Not bad yet not great. Overall, the food needs better attention to detail. They have the service down pat. The food needs to come up to par considering there are SOOOO many competitors.
It wasn't the best I've had in flushing. The XLB were tender and juicy but flavor in the crabmeat wasn't great or very pronounced. The regular pork ones were better flavor, though I found the skin at the top of the bao a bit tough. The shanghai seafood noodle was extremely overpriced for the amount. $9.95 for a tiny plate with just a few pieces of seafood, very oily and lacking in flavor. I would not recommend ordering.Service was fantastic for not only a Asian establishment but friendly! So stars for that. It's kind of cleanly, but grossed out the chili oil on my table had a hair inside of it. Didn't notice until I was done eating. So, wah wah wahhhh.Probably won't be returning
Only came in here for a quick lunch, but this place is legit! Have been dying to find good, wholesome Chinese food that's not overpriced (looking at you Manhattan China Town), and I only have to travel an hr and 15 on the subway to get there.I had the crab and pork XLBs (Xiao Long Bao / Soup Dump) Beef scallion pancake and also an XLXLB (extra large Xia long bao) completely a gimmick, but wanted to try).XLBs - really good, nice soup, very flavorful dumpling and the casing was just the right thickness and texture.Beef Scallion Pancake - this really was a beast. Flavor-wise, absolutely delicious, however was a little heavy on the pancake and light on the beef for my likingXL XLB - I really would not bother, I was suspicious of this before I ordered it, but thought I would try. One of the beauty's of a regular XLB is that you get the taste of the casing, soup and meat all in one go. It's the mixture of textures. With the XL XLB, naturally it's so big that it's served with a straw. That means you have to drink the soup first, and then you're just left with the casing. Secondly, the soup merely has a few chunks of meat in it, rather than its own little meat ball. Do not botherThat aside, the menu here is insane. So much choice. There was a family next to me doing a Sunday lunch, going to town on all the greats and it looked and smelled amazing. Will definitely be back to try more!The best bit is when you spend $10, you get a free portion of XLBs. For our meal of 2 x XLXLBs, beef scallion pancake and free XLBs, the meal set us back $11.95.NICE
This is the THE best and the most authentic Shanghai restaurant in New York in my opinion; as someone who was born and raised in Shanghai, I think this place really reminds me of my hometown. Hearing all the servers talking in Shanghai dialect gives me a homey and nostalgic feeling as well. This restaurant stands out from the crowd for one major reason - both their Shanghai Dim Sum and actual entrees are all very authentic and tasty. Most restaurants tends to specialize in either the dim sum or the entrees; while at this restaurant, no matter what you order, you won't be disappointed. You can also find delicious dishes not sold anywhere else, such as Fried Yellow Croaker with Diced Seaweed (苔条小黄鱼), which seriously tastes like childhood. They also have the best soup dumplings - I think they give you for free pork ones if you dine in is over a certain dollar amount, but I prefer the crabs ones because of more flavor. What's more, they also have pork moon cake (鲜肉月饼) and green sticky rice buns (青团), which are seriously authentically delicious and hard to find outside of the the region. I highly recommend this place - everything is good here. Service is a little rushed but adequate, since they are busy.
This place had excellent service maybe because they have around 8-10 staff on a weekday. We came in around 5:30pm and it wasn't too busy yet, however when we left it was getting pretty busy. You can see the place in one look. It's a straight line; the decoration was beautifully designed. I order shanghai noodles, the crispy noodles with sauce (too much sauce), and ha gow. I have no idea why we order ha gow (shrimp inside with the white skin on the outside), it is definitely better at dim sum places because the skin just fell apart very easily.  I liked the shanghai noodles and we also got free soup dumpling for checking in as long as you spent more than $10. Overall the bill was $20ish for 2, which is very inexpensive because we got the soup dumpling for free. They also give dessert at the end. This is a reminder they do CASH ONLY. It's a good thing I brought cash or I would have to go to the bank. Service was worth giving more than 15 percent.
OH MY GOODNESS YES. This has definitely become my FAVORITE Shanghainese/Chinese breakfast place in all of New York City. The food is authentic and fairly priced, the service is quick and pretty competent, the ambiance is lively, and the decor isn't as run down as other authentic places. I came here with a friend for Tuesday lunch and it was already popping!! We had to wait 5 minutes for a weekday lunch which is so rare at that time. Even with that small wait, there are ample seats to wait in and the waiters give you menus and let you order first so your food are ready when you sit down. And for the most important part....... the soup dumplings 1. THEY DON'T BREAK WHEN YOU PICK THEM UP. So many places serve dumplings that break, which sucks because the whole point is to be able to suck out the soup. 2. YOU GET A FREE ORDER OF SOUP DUMPLINGS IF YOU SPEND MORE THAN $10. They probably do this because their soup dumplings are just THAT good and it's really not hard to spend over $10, especially when you're eating with other people.All in all, amazing find and tucked away in an often-not-visited street of Flushing.
I had such high expectations from the pictures and Yelp reviews. Heard about the long lines and waits so I wanted to try so bad. Ordered the spicy beef tripe, cold cucumbers, crab meat dumpling (regular dumpling on the house), the big soup dumpling, grandma's pork belly, the stinky tofu sautéed in sauce, and the beef scallion pancake. First of all, EVERYTHING was on the sweeter side. Cucumbers was crunchy but why the added sweetener? Spicy beef tripe was tasty but was average. Crab meat dumplings were a little better than the original, you can get better soup dumplings in the area. Beef scallion pancakes had very little beef and sauce, the skin was too rocky and chewy. No crunch! Pork belly taste was ok, the meat can be braised a little longer so the fat wasn't too chewy. The big soup dumpling is overhyped! Literally just soup inside, no meat. It was very bland, tasted fishy if you don't drink it while it's hot. Taste like crab shell water. Get you what you pay, think it was $2-3.Worst dish was the stinky tofu! I've tried many many stinky tofu and this one is horrible. Yes, it's suppose to be stinky but when u eat it, you're not suppose to taste the stink. I think the tofu expired or something, was asked a waiter and he just walked away and was nowhere to be found. He didn't say anything. I asked him to take it away so I can at least finish the rest of the food. Nope! He wanted to avoid us. Lastly I wanted to say the staffs weren't every clean. We sat at the very last table on the right and I'm looking straight at this waitress cleaning the edge of the sauce container with hare bare finger when refilling it. She saw me looking and continued. I know this isn't a fancy place but ALL restaurants should have some kind of hygiene practice. Tea tasted like bad water.... won't recommend this place and won't come back. Spend your money somewhere else in flushing.
Despite not being a fan of soup dumplings, all of the times I have eaten here, I have been extremely satisfied. The wait staff will automatically give you a free order of soup dumplings as long as your bill is over $10, no check-in necessary. Be aware when you order because you might end up with too much food or could potentially pay for one less order of soup dumplings if you order multiples like my friends do.I thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes I've tried such as their rice cakes, stir fry noodles, noodle soups, spicy wontons, wonton soup, gluten, cucumber, spicy tendon, drunken chicken, seaweed flavoured fried fish and I am a major fan of their fried stinky tofu. The stinky tofu is a very big reason why I give Shanghai You Garden 4 stars. I do sometimes feel bad for people that can't stand the smell of it but c'mon!, that's exactly the reason why you're reading my review. This is a heads up for you that the restaurant will 100% smell of stinky tofu cooking in the kitchen or being brought out to another customers table at some point during your meal. They also offer a much more pungent, in my opinion, alternative version to the traditional stinky tofu. This one comes with a braised meat sauce with bits of edamame over the stinky tofu.I would avoid ordering the giant soup dumpling and the free dessert tong sui unless you are a fan of chinese rice wine. Note: I had the great idea of surprising a friend with a birthday cake here. The wait staff very obviously never prepared or anticipated for this and did not know what to do when I asked if they could put the cake in the kitchen and or when to know the social cue to bring it out for my group of friends. So maybe this isn't a great place for having celebratory cake.
Great place for xiaolongbao and other shanghainese snacks. I've been here a couple times - they have a special promotion where you get a free order of xiaolongbao with any order over $10, which is awesome. The xiaolongbao is on point, thin, almost translucent skin, flavorful filling and scalding broth, exactly as it should be. Also recommend the braised pork belly, the turnip puffs, the pan fried buns, the drunken chicken, and the stir fried rice cake with mustard greens. Although they have a bunch of noodle soups but suggest skipping these, there are much better noodle options in Flushing. Overall would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for shanghainese carbs.
Spend $10 and get an order of soup dumplings! Had the typical preserved veggie with pork and rice cakes dish, beef and scallion pancake, along with the big $2.99 "soup" dumpling. Why soup is in quotations? There's no filling just soup so I thought I'd put an emphasis on that (could totally skip it not worth the hype). Everything was very inexpensive for flushing prices. I think an order of soup dumplings and Nan Xiang are $6+? Or somewhere around that but the dumplings here are far less oily or fatty tasting.
I think it's safe to say the really popular Shanghainese place on Prince street is still king. I went here on the recommendation from a friend and I thought the food was just OK. The place is pretty popular and the waits can be long, so try to go early. The decor is typical Chinese restaurant and I hate to say it, but the male bathroom is also typical Chinese bathroom, if you know what I mean. The food:Steamed Pork Bun- The soup dumpling broth was good, but I had issues with the dough. The dough was way too thick, the dough was thick on both the top as well as the bottom of the dumpling. The pork flavor was not bad, but the dough kinda overwhelmed the dumpling. Also, if you order over $10 worth of food, they give you a free order of steamed pork buns. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan Fried Pork Bun- The pan fried had good flavor but was super oily on the outside, it was so visibly oily that I had to pat it dry with a tissue. I also felt this bun had too much dough. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Cucumber & Garlic- This was the shocker appetizer, this was my fav dish of the night and it was a cucumber dish??? The texture of the cucumber was so firm yet tender at the same time. This was really good. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef & Tripe- I have had this at many Chinese restaurants and the one here was just so so. The flavor was pretty good but the dish came off very salty, the tripe was nice and tender but the beef needed to be cooked more. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Rice Cake w. Shredded Pork & Preserved Vegetable- The rice cakes were made well, they had a really nice texture and the overall flavor worked, the dish was a touch sweet but overall something worth ordering. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan-Fried Noodle w. Shredded Chicken- The pan fried noodle was my least fav. There was way too much sauce and it made the dish very gloppy, the dish was also greasy and came off salty. The dish has to be eaten lightning quick since the nice crunchy noodles will get soggy quick. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Free order of soup dumplings for checking in? I'm down!The soup dumplings are delicious so I usually get an extra order (it also helps that they are reasonably priced). The rice cake dishes are pretty good too. And at the end of your meal, they give you a sweet soup as dessert. They get pretty packed around dinner time (starting from around 7pm)- you take a number from the lady with a clipboard who is usually standing by the entrance. Then, you wait outside a while (be prepared to stand because there's only a few chairs). When your number is called, they take you inside where you have to wait some more (at least there's more seats and you're protected from the elements). When you're waiting inside, they give you a menu so that you can place your order in advance. However, not sure if this even mattered as we still had to wait a while to get our food after being seated at an actual table.  The restaurant itself seems pretty clean and the waiters are friendly. They speak Chinese and English. Seats are pretty close together though, so it can get kinda loud in here. If you are a group of 4 or less, try to snag a booth (more space). Don't try to come here with a large group because you might have to wait a long time. It was just the two of us and we were quoted about 25 min. wait time. Didn't get seated until 45+ min later!Maybe come here during lunch hours as it seemed less hectic and was definitely not as crowded as during dinner time (and we were able to snag a table for two pretty easily).
Very traditional Shanghainese restaurant with fantastic XLB. We also tasted some of the dim sum dishes that are available at dinner time. The food was very tasty, and the service was excellent. I expected a larger variety of dumplings and condiments (if you serve dim sum you should have hoisin and mustard IMO). Overall a great experience. We will be back....with our own hoisin
Service was excellent! Soup dumplings were very good! I can't and could never have stinky tofu again in my life ... I think the cup noodle soup is much better than their noodle soup... it was so bland! I guess it was meant to be!
Definitely coming back here!! I've had many a soup dumpling and these are some of the best! They're thin and full of soup and pork. And the deal of getting a free serving is totally worth it. Came with family and some friends and we all enjoyed the food. Had the thick cut pork belly and it was so sweet and tasty. We were the only white people in the restaurant which I take as a good sign. If the locals are there then it's good.
Came in here on a Friday late morning for brunch. There was a line to get in so I assumed that t was pretty good. We had to take a number and then wait about 30 min to get a seat. Typical Chinese restaurant in flushing, very busy, cash only. We got a menu and placed an order in advance so when we got to our seat, the food would come immediately because we were hungry. Ordered the fries gluten, pretty good. Ordered the large soup dumplings, they give it with a straw. It was not that great but it looks great for photos. The large soup dumplings taste like the broth has crab mean or flavoring in there. But it's not worth it. Ordered extra regular soup dumplings and they were pretty good. Only thing is that the skin of them are a little thin so they may break pretty easily when you try to pick it up. Overall pretty good though.
$30 for 5 dishes? yessssss. The service is relatively fast. There is a rush of people so the waiters want you to eat quickly and leave. I would recommend getting here before the initial lunch rush so you don't have to wait for a table. Noodles: Actually really good and wasn't expecting dating this to be this good. They were crispy and plentiful for $10. The sauce was just right... not too salty. There was also a lot of shrimp and pork. Scallion pancake: Really inexpensive and filling. The pancake is filled with beef and smothered in sauce that tastes like the one in peking duck. Only $3.50 or something so definitely worth it. Xiaolong bao: MAKE SURE TO EAT IT ONCE IT GETS TO YOU. we ate it after a while and the fat solidified. Wasn't sure if they didn't steam it long enough or it was cooled down after it got to us. It's what they're known for so get it. You also get a free pork one if you get more than $10. Pan-fried dumpling: The filling was a combination of meat and lots of veggies. I'm not completely sure about what kind of vegetable it was but it seemed like spinach or chives. It was okay ... lots of other places sell cheaper dumplings like this.
My favorite place in flushing, pretty much come here every time I'm in the neighborhood. Come early as there is always a long line. Free order of soup dumplings if you order more than $10 and free dessert. Fantastic Shanghainese specialties all for great prices. Yes it's loud and the servers are pushy, but the food makes it all worth it
My ultimate favorite Shanghai restaurant. Nothing beats the food, the price and how quickly you get served here! Wait: There is almost always a wait, but it's worth it. You can make a reservation in advance which will bring you to the "top" of the waiting list, but that does not guarantee you seating as soon as you arrive. Price: Super affordable, full bellies (too full). They give you a free pork soup dumpling with your meal assuming you are ordering over a total of $10Go to dishes: EVERYTHING. It is best when the food is cooked fresh and it almost always is because there is such a large crowd. They're really known for their meat filled moon cakes, soup dumplings (even one dumpling that is filled with just soup - served with a straw) and of course the many other signature Shanghai dishes. Authentic food, good price, must visit
I honestly didn't know this place existed because it has a side door in a street that I don't really walk by, but I came here through a friend's suggestion. When we walked in, it was about 5pm-ish. There was no wait and we were seated right away. In terms of seating, they seat you together with another group in one table (especially if you don't have a large party). They try to fill the empty seats from tables first before filling up another table to get as many people seated as possible. When looking at the menu, they have a lot of similar dishes to a typical soup dumpling place.Since my friend and I wanted soup dumpling, we got that. It tasted like normal soup dumplings. No surprise there. **If you spend more than $10, you get a FREE pan of steamed pork buns (yes, it has soup inside).We also got the pan-fried beef noodles, which I suggest because soup dumplings itself is not very filling. Lastly, we opted for the soup filled bun. It looks like the popular XL soup dumplings and I never got to try it, so I definitely wanted to test it out. However, I was very disappointed... It is literally a soup filled, larger than normal bun. It has very tiny chucks of crab meat inside. First of all, the soup was not good (rating 2/5). And second of all, I'm not a fan of crab. But, my friend who likes crab said that she didn't really like it either. So, we were both let down. Other than that, everything else was great. The free steamed pork bun deal definitely made up for the disappointing soup bun.
My mother and I arrived at around 5:45pm on a Saturday evening to find the restaurant already packed. We waited for about 10 minutes, during which a waiter took our order so that the dishes arrived soon after we were seated. The place is fairly narrow with a limited number of booths (note for people with large parties). Also note: free dish of steamed dumplings for orders over $10! The waiter told us about the deal even without my showing him the Yelp check-in offer. We ordered the steamed crab dumplings $6.95 and the eight-treasure steamed rice delicacy ($5.95). The soup dumplings were indeed full of soup. I appreciated that the dumplings had a soft thin skin, with good skin to meat to soup ratio. What I did not appreciate was the misleading name of the steamed crab dumplings, since the filling actually very little crab and actually quite a lot of pork filling. The restaurant should actually mention pork in the description. While I might have been naive to assume that the filling would have been all crab (given the price), I would have thought twice about ordering the dish. Besides the misleading description of the crab dumplings, I'm also docking a star for the fact that they don't offer vegetarian soup dumplings (except for the large dumpling of $2.99 with solely soup inside). That's not to say that they don't have vegetarian options--they do--but not even a chive option for the soup dumplings. The eight treasure dish was generous in portion, but didn't have eight treasures. I counted the red bean, dates, grapes, and lotus seed, unless there were others I missed. We were also given a small complimentary bowl of goji berry rice wine soup. Very bland with way too many filler rice balls, but a nice touch at the end of the meal in any case. Service was ostensibly better than at most Chinese restaurants, with the wait staff friendly and helpful. The interior is quite lovely. I could bring my more fastidious Caucasian friends and family here in the future (but on the early side to avoid the long wait).
Really enjoyed my meal here! Although I can't really say that any of the food really blew my mind in terms of taste or uniqueness, I'd still have to give this restaurant 5 stars because it's just run so well and efficiently and the food is good. The price is also very reasonable. Plus a free basket of soup dumplings is super generous of them to offer. (Though I ended up ordering more food than I needed because I didn't want to take advantage of it~)The soup dumpling here is really good though. Perfect in flavor and texture. Service is excellent and quick in a good way. They had us order food while waiting to be seated so the food comes fairly quick after being seated and the line moves along. You get a pot of tea with your meal too. And the place is clean. The only thing I would dock maybe .5 stars about is that the stir friend rice cake dish and the fried spare rib that we had was a tad bit too oily. I'd definitely still come back soon though~
A 3.5 restaurant. 4 is encouragement, to do better. I've been a faithful costumer of their take out store when they were still at the old location, which was corner of Main Street and 40th Road (an old post and video during Chinese New Year 2012  IreneEng.com/?p=40643). After they moved to the current location, a few doors down to 40th Road, I followed them. Their bbq ribs, duckies, chickens are very good. They accepted credit card over $30 purchase. Then one day earlier this year, they stopped accepting credit card, which made me stop going. Recently another popular eatery in Flushing, a block away, Nanxiang Xiaolongbao was closed for tax evasion. The government is not dumb - they have a 'blue book' for restaurants. So ...Today I went here with a family member, which is cross street from their take out store, which is a surprise to me. So close and I used to go so often, yet didn't discover this one. It's very busy at 1 pm. We waited for 30 minutes. When we left around 2pm, the restaurant's slowing down - the waiting line was gone. The decor is ok, for this type of eatery. Service is good. Food is 4.0 out of 5.
A close Japanese friend of mine is moving away from New York City. He wanted to try a good authentic soup dumpling near Flushing area, and we narrowed it down to Shanghai You Garden due to all the positive reviews and pictures on Yelp. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a friendly lady staff outside of the restaurant. She gave us a number and told us to wait outside. A few minutes later, we were asked to go inside. As we walked through the main door, the dumpling making and steaming stations were immediately on our left. You can watch these ladies making soup dumplings through the glass like a fish tank. After the dumpling station, there's a cold dish station serving fried bean gluten, jellyfish turnip and etc. A few minutes later, we were seated. The whole process of taking a number, waiting, and seating was very systematic. I applaud their management for making it less anxiety.We were presented with a beautiful picture menu. Sometimes, a picture menu is far more helpful for someone who is not familiar with the Shanghainese cuisine. The waiter casually mentioned if we ordered more than $10, we will get a set of soup dumpling. We were surprised and pleased. One thing I learned from eating at Shanghai You Garden, is that Shanghainese food, in general, is not as spicy as compared to Szechuan style. We came here for their famous soup dumpling and did not disappoint. Several dishes really stand out from the rest are the Fried Croaked Fish, Fried Bean Gluten, Black Fungus, Grandma's Braised Pork, and the Red Bean Rice Cake.I minus one star from the review due to cash only. All in all, I am glad that I've tried this place and really enjoyed most of the dishes here. Will be back soon.
I have lived in Flushing for most of my life so I have had my fair share of pork buns but this place definitely ranks high on my top ten list. While walking to the LIRR one Sunday in the clusterfunk that is Main Street, I randomly saw a huge line outside of a restaurant and decided to mentally and literally bookmark it so I too would know what the hype was about.  I ended up coming back later that week with my mom on a Thursday night and only having to wait 10 minutes which was fine with me because I got to watch the women actually make the dumplings right in front of you.  The speed and efficiency in which they work is pretty incredible and watching it is deeply hypnotizing. The space is bright and spacious as well as lively.  We ordered the crab and pork buns, scallion pancake with beef, shanghai noodles, and fried ribs with garlic sauce.  We also ended up getting a complimentary order of the pork buns which was a random bless up moment.  Everything came out fast, hot, and fresh.  The ribs were a little on the fatty side but I didn't mind it cause it was so crispy and the bits of fried garlic helped to cut through the fattiness.  Having had both buns, my mom and I definitely preferred the pork over the crab.  The pork was just so flavorful and tender and soupy and just the best thing for when the day is under 55 degrees.  The crab tasted a little tough and were not as delicate as I prefer.  The shanghai noodles were amazing.  Talk about comfort.  Served with thin strips of pork and bok choy, noodles obviously hand pulled and had a good bite to it.  The scallion pancake with beef was lit as the kids say.    Order it, even if you don't finish it, take it to go.  Next morning cook a sunny side up egg put that on top and call it breakfast.  Boom.  You're welcome.This place is great, it has pictures of everything on their menu.  The waitstaff was super friendly and you get a complimentary dessert.  I mean really what more could you want from your local bun place.  Great experience will for sure be coming back!
Awesome spot for Shanghainese food. There's an extensive menu with dumplings, noodles, cold appetizers -- don't come here expecting dimsum though because that's more of a Cantonese thing.Pros: affordable, great variety, decently nice interior, food comes extremely fastCons: can be hectic, can feel rushed, cash onlyIt's always a good idea to start off with hot sweet soy milk and crispy dough to dunk into it. My go-to appetizer is kaofu/gluten (sounds weird, but it's like spongy tofu + bamboo + mushrooms marinated in sweet soy sauce). I also loved the noodles with scallion sauce (dried fragrant scallion tossed with soy sauce based sauce), handmade dumplings (high-quality pork and leek filling), soup dumplings (DUH) which is buy 2 get 1 free. Pass on the wontons in spicy sauce unless you like peanut butter.The panfried pork buns are probably the best in NYC because there's actually soup in there, but only a teaspoon. I was sad that the scallion pancake with beef wasn't as good as Nanxiang - too much pancake and not enough beef. The rice cakes with shredded pork were just ok, I prefer my rice cakes cooked longer until slightly gooey. If you want a taste of some pretty legit Shanghai food and great xiaolongbao, I HIGHLY recommend making a reservation - I booked a table the day before for noon on a Saturday and skipped the long line.
We arrived around 1:30 pm on Saturday (Labor Day weekend) and already tons of people were in line waiting that went out of the restaurant, many were families of 4 or more. We had two and were told the wait time was at least 30 minutes. We got our number and were given the menu to look at.15-20 minutes later, staff came to is and took our orders so that we could start eating soon after we sit down. After ordering, we moved to inside the restaurant and waited for another 15 minutes or so.Less than 5 minutes after we sat down, our food started to come out.  We ordered a lot of stuff: Shanghai style Pork Moon Cake ($8 for 4), Savory sticky rice roll ($2.75), Millet Rick cake ($1.25), Sticky rice balls with salted yolk ($10 for 4), Pork and Chinese vegetables wonton soup ($5.5 for 8), Fried stinky bean curd ($7), Plain soymilk ($1.5), Sweet sky bean curd ($1.5), Chinese vegetables with bean curd stir fry ($5.5), and a Soup filled bun for each of us ($2.99/each). *** They offer a free case of Shanghai pork buns (Xiaolongbao) per table. If you are not here specifically for the buns, or you just want to have a flavor of it, you don't need to order extras or the individual soup filled buns. *** I Everything was delicious, but I really loved their-- Sticky rice balls with salted yolks (青团): chewy doughy sticky rice (think of mochi) itself has no taste (maybe a little herbal or grass taste, if you are familiar with Asian cooking), but goes so well with slightly salted yolk and shredded dried pork. So tasty! -- Sticky rice roll with fried dough inside (糯米团子): I simply love anything made with sticky rice and my favorite, fried dough!!! It's not seasoned with heavy sauce or anything but salt, and the fried dough has also simple sweetness from just the dough. What makes it yummy is they have these sweet and salty crispy pickles that enrich the taste and texture.-- Millet Rick cake (糍粑): One of my favorites and I haven't had it for over 10 years!!! Very simple taste. Just some salt, black pepper, and pan fried sticky rice! So chewy but unlike the sticky balls, you can feel you are chewing rice itself. Reminds me of my childhood!!!!-- Pork and Chinese vegetables wonton soup: gooey wonton skins and a lot of fillings. Had the original flavors of the meat and vegetables. -- Soy milk and sweet soybean curd: a large bowl of soy milk as well as bean curd and they both were only $1.5!!! I didn't finish my soymilk and had it taken home.The only thing you can skip, imo, is the soup filled buns. It's a bit big. The soup was delicious, but too greasy and salty. The bun skin was really thick in order to keep the soup inside the bun, so it's not easy to eat. And the bottom of the bun absorbed all the oil from the soup, making it fattening and less tasty. The price for the dim sum is reasonable since the portion is large and the taste is yummy. Would go back for takeout (yes, they have takeout!)
Great dim sum all day long. First, we had the crispy pork bun. The bun was crispy and flakey. I added the pepper paste for enhanced spiciness. Next, we had the soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings. The regular (I believe pork) dumplings are complimentary. I liked the regular ones a little more than the crab, yet they were both savory and delicious. After, we had the spicy beef tendon. It's served cold and thinly sliced. It has a jelly like texture. I enjoyed it. Lastly, we had the fried pork bao. This last one was my favorite because the bao absorbed the juiciness of the meat. I also thought it was seasoned the best.All in all, the service was quick and attentive. We found it reasonable priced considering we sampled five dishes for about $30. Parking on 40th Road is difficult, so you may want to park elsewhere and walk to the restaurant.
We try to get xiao long bao every time we are in Flushing and used to go to Nan Xiang a lot, but there's always a pretty ridiculous wait there. When we came here (for lunch), there was no wait so we were pretty happy about that. The restaurant is also nicely renovated and feels pretty clean.The soup dumplings are solid but some of the other food is not authentic. The wuxi spareribs, for example, were memorable for being huge, but did not look or taste the way wuxi spareribs are supposed to look/taste.We'll be back for the soup dumplings, but only if there's no wait.
@charlotte and I haven't been to flushing much, so we picked the closest thing to the mall since we were starving. The best part of this place is the soup dumplings that they make fresh in the front of the restaurant. Check in for a free steamer of Xiao long bao! Such an awesome deal. We got this veggie dish called indica because that's a classification of weed - plus we're immature. Turned out to be minced bean curd and green veg and actually delish. The noodles with beef were way over cooked and all mushed together. Braised pork belly could have been a lot softer and didn't come with rice. Still ate a ton bc I was starving. We spent a total of $40 for two which is great in my book. Cash only!!
I love Shanghai You Garden! We as a group of 4 came at ~6pm and were seated immediately. We ordered way too much food, but everything was so delicious. We had scallion cake, shu mai, xlb pork and pork +crab, cucumber garlic, chicken special, chicken in wine sauce, lo mein, sweet and sour fried fish. My fav was definitely the xlb and fried fish. The fried fish was so crunchy and flavorful. And the soup from xlb was superb. The staff was friendly. Food was served quickly. At the end we were given free dessert (some kind of sweet congee) but i dont really like its taste. I'll recommend my friends if they want a good restaurant in Flushing. Remember to check in for a free xlb!!!
Our second Shanghai restaurant experience in Flushing. This might not be a fair competition given that we ordered many more dishes, but we like You Garden better than Nanxiang. First off, you get six Xiao long bao for free! The staff is fast and friendly (a funny guy took our order Witt great humor). Though we waited half an hour for a Saturday lunch, we were happy with everything we ordered in the end, especially the crab xiao long bao. After lunch we packed some Shanghai-style sticky rice desserts home, and they are all delicious. We will definitely come back when having a crave for good Shanghai dim sum.
I am very very disappointed Shanghai You Garden! My aunt was visiting from California and after a long 6+ hours flight, I told her we have the best Shanghai in NYC and I decided to take her to your place as her first meal in NYC and you serve us nothing but raw chicken and egg shell in wonton?!? Also, your soy bean is not smooth, in fact, it was not that great. The only reason why I left some stars on is because your salty bean curd is still delicious and your staffs are nice and were helpful.
A friend told me about this place offering free soup dumplings with Yelp check-in. Sure, why not give it try. Who isnt a fan of soup dumplings and especially when its free? It was way fancier than we expected, almost felt underdressed. I mean, we were almost in our pjs. LOL. Tables are very big and even the chairs are heavy. But just because they spend money on decor that doesnt mean the food is good It was packed for a Sunday night. We arrived at 930 or so, and good thing it they are opened until 11. They have a section next to the cashier when you walk in for the soup dumplings. It is prepared and made there to order.Once we sat, I showed the waiter the free soup dumpling special. Very friendly staff. Always attentive. Since we got the soup dumplings for free, we ordered an extra dish. We got two entrees, the meatball with crab meat, general tsos chicken and rather than getting the white rice we got a noodle.It was a little on the salty side for me, just a bit but overall the food wasnt bad. The meatball dish was bigger than expected, so we didnt finish that. the general tsos chicken was very good.To end the meal, they had some sweet dough dumpling soup. It was a great way to finish the meal and not your typical fruit.
Solid xiao long baos (not literally). There's always a long line but it goes quick! It's worth the wait. I like that the place is spacious and you have ample table space for all your baos. The crab & pork xiao long baos are the thing to get here. Comparable to Nan Xiang. Thin skin, soup inside, crab meat. They also gave us complimentary pork xiao long baos, I think, because of the wait. If you check in on Yelp, they also do the same. (I did check in on Yelp but didn't show them... unless they thought we looked like Yelpers and just gave it to us automatically?)
Love the fact that they open early at 8 am and really appreciate their spend $10 or more, get a free pork soup dumplings deal. My friend and I came here for breakfast around 10 am with the intention to try their soup dumplings out since we've already been to all the other XLB places in Flushing except for this one. The restaurant is located right across from Corner 28 and was pretty small but clean with a nice interior. Plenty of street parking nearby but not in front since you can't park at those spaces 'til 7 pm. The staff were very nice and friendly, probably because my friend was speaking to them in their language. We ordered the crab meat & pork soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings and pan fried pork buns. The soup dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but they were still decent and flavorful with just the right amount of broth inside. The pan fried pork buns was a bit oily and the skin was sorta thick but it was quite tasty, it even had broth inside just like the soup dumplings. I'd definitely come back here again.
They have amazing pork and crab Xiao long bao I always go there for that but they need more English speaking people
I think this is my SO's favorite Chinese restaurant in all of the world, so ten stars for that. Everything is pretty solid in this restaurant. I guess the thing I appreciate is food is more or less consistent. As is service. They're very popular but they're pretty smart about seating and turning over tables. They also work together as a team. I appreciate this place. Will be back!
I came here because my friend said this was her favorite soup dumpling joint to go to. Sort of hard to find, but it's right next to T-Mobile. I came here with a party of 4 on a Sunday. We made reservations for 5pm, and good thing we did because it was super packed. It was so busy that I found it hard to flag down anyone. If you order more than $10, they give you an order of soup dumplings for free! Their Shanghai udon noodles were really good, so was the spicy bamboo shoots, vinegar cucumbers and their pancakes. I don't recommend their beef pancakes...the meat was too old and tough. I was expecting ground beef but this was dry. The soup dumplings were pretty good--the dumpling skin never broke, that's a plus! Probably my go to spot for soup dumplings!  Their dessert soup was a nice surprise. It was warm rice wine with mochi, egg and goji berries.
Really fast paced restaurant in Flushing, New York!They serve a delicious free pork XLB which is the reason why I wanted to go to this restaurant.  My family and I are here a couple days ago and I wanted to come here again to take my friend.  The food was on point and very quickly made.
This is the BEST dim sum spot in my opinion! To be honest I think this is better than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. Although, I would avoid coming here on the weekends because it is beyond packed. The service here is quick and the place is very clean! I also got a free bao for checking in!This is what I ordered:Iced Soy Milk ($2): This is really good and a little sweet. Goes great with the food there!Shanghai Egg Roll ($1.50): Very flavorful. It is a little on the oily side tho. Fried Bun w. Chives and Egg ($3.95): This was okay. I can't say I would go crazy for it. The flavor was a little bland and there wasn't that much filling. The skin was a little hard to bite too.Pan Fried Pork Bun ($6.50 for 6) I actually didn't eat this the day of. Kind of got to much food. I reheated this two days later and it was still spectacular! The filling was juicy and flavorful and the skin was soft, but crispy on the bottom!Pork and Vege Wonton in Spicy Sauce ($4.95): This was probably the worst in all the dishes I ordered. They put peanut butter in the sauce which made it taste really funky. The filling was bland and nothing about the wonton was spicy. Spicy Beef Tripe ($7.95): I highly recommend this dish. It was excellent. Variety of flavors in the beef and tripe. The tripe was done to a perfection, where you can't taste the nasty flavors. Soy Peas, Pickled Cabbage & Shredded Bean Curd ($3.95): This was not what I expected. Tasted very nice and very well put together. I just needed vegetables in my life.Big Soup Dumpling ($2): If you do not like crab tasting or fishy food, do not order this!! There is no filling on the inside but, there was a lot of soup in the dumpling.Pork Soup Dumpling (Free): This was just like any other soup dumpling you get at dim sum places. It was pretty good.The portion here are pretty small so, you can try a lot of stuff. I was stuffed by the time I left. Would highly recommend this place!
I had a variety of items on our first visit here. Steam Pork Buns (FREE with Yelp promo!!!)Steam Crab Meat Pork Buns (MUST HAVE)Shrimp DumplingPork & Vegetable Wonton in Peanut-Chili SauceSpicy Beef Tripe (BEST DISH)Grandma-Style Braised PorkPan Fried Noodles with PorkRice Cake with Beef (LEAST FAVORITE - too salty)Giving a four star because it was CASH ONLY :-(Overall, I had a great time, fast service and delicious food.
This place is the bomb.  Clean inside, plenty of space, great price on delicious food!  There's usually a wait in the evening but they have a great system down for handing out numbers and as it approaches your turn to get a table they'll come outside and take your order so that as soon as you are seated your food is coming out hot. We tried a bunch of stuff:Shrimp DumplingsPan Fried DumplingsVegetable DumplingsSoup DumplingsScallion PancakesCrystal ShrimpCrispy Noodles with SeafoodXiaolongbaoAlso, their Xiao Long Bao is amazing.  Thick enough dough to not tear when you pick it up but not so thick that it's super chewy.  And easily the richest soup broth I've ever had in XLB.This is a go-to place for sure.
Crappy service here. All the employees treat the paying customer like a piece of trash here. FYI it's the same owner here as the duck shop across the street. Food was tolerable. Purchased the soft tofu
Had a disaster experience here not because of the place, but because I let the juice of the Xiao Long Bao blast all over my clothes...The food and service here is pretty good! We ordered 1 Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao, 2 Spare Ribs w/ garlic sauce, 1 Shanghai Noodle, 1 Beef Scallion Pancake, and got a free order of Pork Xiao Long Bao.The Xiao Long Bao is good, but I still think there are better ones in Flushing. The meat inside was a little tough, and the outer skin was a little dry. The Shanghai Noodles were as it should be, and delicious! The scallion pancake wasn't my favorite, the meat was very chewy and hard to eat, but the flavor was ok.The Spare Ribs with Garlic Sauce was a big MISTAKE. I was expecting something similar to when you eat at Chinese Restaurants, but it was completely different. Every bite was oily and tasteless. I would not recommend this dish.The price is very reasonable and the food overall was doable, I'd come back again.
Great soup dumplings and service! Not to mention it's definitely the prettiest one in the area. When in Flushing, I usually go either Joe Shanghai or Nan Xiang. Maybe even Kung Fu (which is further, but still). Anyway, I think it's safe to say that this is a new go-to for me! The free order of XLB also helps. When we came in on a Saturday night, there was about a half hour wait. Once we did get seated, the server took our order right away, set us up with some tea, and food came out pretty quickly. We had pork buns, the udon noodles, two orders of XLB, and one "giant" XLB. I liked that the menu had pictures of everything and it was organized in a way that made sense to me. Everything was delicious. The XLB had a good broth, and the dumpling was thin but sturdy enough to hold everything in. The giant xlb wasn't really what I was expecting - it was all soup and no meat. It made for good pictures, but I wouldn't order it again. Lastly, they ended our meal, inexplicably with jiu niang. Neither me nor my boyfriend had had it before, but it smelled like sake and the balls were chewy so we were a fan!
I wish there was a 3.5 star option. We actually really enjoyed our meal, but two out of our party had GI issues after our visit. However, while we were there, it impressed us enough that we were already making plans to come back with family. My husband was born in Shanghai so we have eaten our fair share of shanghainese food. I will be comparing the food to Nan Xiang since that is my go to shanghainese place. The koufu (gluten) was a little bit more firmer and less oily than the one at nan xiang. So it is a tie there in terms of flavor. The Shanghai noodles were a lot mushier at Shanghai you, seems like they boil the udon. It seems a lot firmer at nan xiang, almost like they fry their noodles and I like the salt pepper powder they use at nan xiang. The skin on the soup dumplings are a little thicker, so less breakage. Soy bean milk was on the sweeter side. The salted silken tofu dish was very good. The yuoteow is better at nan xiang. But the decor and service is better at Shanghai you. Don't forget the free order or pork soup dumplings through yelp. Nan Xiang still wins in my book, but I plan to go back for dinner to try their other traditional shanghainese dishes that nan xiang does not offer like the dipong (pork belly). Hope my husband and mother in law are willing to give it another shot given their GI issues. The giant soup dumpling was probably the cause.
Everything we ate was incredible. But the soup dumplings are amazing! And when you spend over $10, you get a portion of soup dumplings for free!!
I was looking for a place in Flushing with amazing soup dumplings. With the plethora of restaurants in NY, it's so hard to find "the best" anything. I read a Thrillist or Eater type article about "where to find the best soup dumplings in Flushing" and Shanghai You Garden came up as one of them. And to be perfectly honest, I'm not totally sold. Though I've had plenty of SDs that are good, I've never had one that rocked my world. Shanghai You Garden is exactly that - good, but not amazing. If I have SD cravings, I can certainly come here and be satisfied. But I'm still on the hunt for those SDs that will change me. If you know where I can find SDs that will give me a new perspective on life, please please please help me find them. One more thing to note - when you get there, someone will be outside taking names. They will always tell you 20 minutes. Doesn't sound too bad right? Well, 20 minutes really just gets you into the door and waiting again. Then you spend another 20 minutes waiting for your table. But the smart thing that they do is that while you are waiting for your table to clear up, they take your order. That way when you finally sit, your food starts to come out pretty quickly. I see what you did there Shanghai You Garden. I see you.
Shanghai You Garden makes some pretty mean Steamed Crab Meat Pork Buns ($6.75). Crab Meat Pork Buns. They offer a regular pork option, in fact, they give it away when you use their Yelp promotion or spend a certain dollar amount. Their pork version is so poorly made that they're better off removing it from their menu. I think they carelessly mass produce a bunch in the morning because they know they will be handing them out for free.The Steamed Crab Meat Pork Bun version is vastly better. The smooth skin that enfolds the soup and meat is delightfully thin. There's a decent amount of crab flavor blended with the pork and the soup is rather tasty.Finally, we get to the Soup Filled Bun ($2.99). This menu item made Shanghai You Garden popular with 5-year-olds all the way to 98-year-olds. This single item spread throughout Instagram, Facebook, and word of mouth because of its "innovative" redesign of the millennium-old soup dumpling. It definitely made Shanghai You Garden successful based purely on its customers and publicity, but its success ends there.This dish disappointed me more than the complete and utter failure of the Batman vs. Superman movie. The Soup Filled Bun at Shanghai You Garden was absolute, without a doubt, trash. I wish I had a trashcan so I could hurl it in there and shout, "this is fucking vile." I saw two grandmas eat this and whisper in Mandarin, "this tastes bad." Grannies, this dish is worse than bad, it's utter horse shit.It's literally meatless oily soup (the exact same soup from the regular soup dumplings) inside a large, tough, thick dough enclosure. If you are unfortunate enough to order this, you will be drinking 40% oil and choking down this stale dry excuse for edible flour. In fact, you're better off burning the $3 because then you'll at least witness something cool.
Cuisine: 6Service: 5Decor: 7Value: 5Overall: 6Being from Shanghai, my family had high hopes for this restaurant. Walking into the dining room, it sure looks good, but the food and service left us wishing for more.Their best item is the soup dumplings, especially the aromatic crab & pork version. It is definitely one of the better ones in Flushing. However, almost everything else was just okay. Service was average, and nothing special enough that made me want to come back regularly. I guess I would every once in a while for the soup dumplings since they are one of the only places open for breakfast early.
Last year. my boyfriend, friends, and I came here for a friend's birthday dinner. The restaurant is relatively new with beautiful Asian artsy decor. The restaurant is fairly clean and the ceiling is hung with Chinese calligraphy and the walls have a Chinese floral design with Chinese paintings hung on the wall as well.I made reservations for 8PM, but the restaurant would not sit us down until everyone arrived. While we were waiting for the arrival of some friends, the waiter in the restaurant was willing to take down our orders so at least the food would be ready when we sat down. It can get crowded here easily, so best to come early and/or make reservations.My friends ordered chicken in wine sauce, cold beef tendon, and spicy beef tripe. I've never been a fan of chicken bathed in wine sauce. The cold beef tendon was delicious and had a bit of a sesame taste to it. The spicy beef tripe was okay, but not something I would normally eat.We ordered a dish of crispy noodle with beef. It was absolutely delicious! My only complaint is that the noodles didn't have a crunchy texture. I was looking for that golden brown and crunchy bite, but it wasn't there. I ordered the rice cake with shredded pork & preserved mustard. This is a must-have whenever I go to Shanghainese restaurant. This was amazing, but the only complaint here was the portion size. It was quite small and we finished the dish in minutes.We weren't full from the dishes we ordered so we actually ordered additional items, but I didn't have a chance to take pictures.Steamed Pork Buns & Steamed Pork and Crab Buns - these were amazing! I was never a huge fan of the steamed pork and crab buns at another restaurant I've been to with my boyfriend, but amazingly these were delicious.Steamed Soy Milk - I haven't had steamed soy milk since I was a child. It brought back a lot of memories. I was super happy and excited about having this. I thought it was interesting that it was served in a plate.Rice Cake with Beef - We ordered an additional entree as we weren't full from the dishes we had earlier. The beef version was okay, but I prefer my shredded pork and preserved mustard rice cake.Overall, we had a good experience. Food was definitely a lot better than some of the Shanghainese restaurants I've been to. Service was good, but the only issue is that most of the staff speaks Mandarin and my boyfriend and I don't understand the dialect.. I would definitely return to this restaurant again.Just an FYI:Most of the staff don't speak English except for one or two staff members..This is also a CASH only restaurant.
Love the dumplings. They even have a super size dumpling.  Juicy!  The offer a free item with a certain purchase amount.  You have to check with the wait staff for the deal.  Atmosphere is very welcoming!
2.5 stars**Came here with the husband on a lunch date on a rainy Tuesday. Shared a table with 2 other Asian people - disliked them staring at us eat and talking about us next to us lol The food was just mediocre. Nothing special or outstanding. Maybe we did not order the popular dishes?The Shanghai noodle did not have enough "wok hay". It tasted as if they only added soy sauce and mixed it in the noodle. Don't recommend.Ordered 2 steamed buns, 1 just pork and another a pork and crab meat combo. Then I checked into Yelp and realized you get a steamed pork bun for free on orders over $10, which is automatically discounted, no showing of the yelp check-in needed. The skin was good and thin, but the meat was slightly bland and dried, very rough tasting. The soup was not steamy HOT, the way we like it.Maybe the only good we found was the free pork bun deal. And also the quickness of the food coming out of the kitchen since we were hungry.Will not return.PS: They kindly give you a bag for your wet umbrella upon entering the restaurant.
Went to see Lady Gaga at Citi Field. Well, Flushing has a bustling Chinatown. Googled Best Cheap Chinese near me & this pop up, read some of the reviews and we decided to take a walk. Yes, walk, the place is only 1.2 miles away from Citi Field or you can take the subway from Citi Field to Main St Flushing, one stop.We arrived at about 6:30PM. OOPS, the place was packed, there were people outside, inside waiting to be seated. The hostess told us there was a 15 minute wait, we decided to stay. We were not sure if that would be the case but we were seated in about 15 minutes.The menu, in four languages Chinese, English, Korean & Spanish plus photos of each dish. As soon as we were seated teapot of hot tea arrived. After another 10 to 15 minutes we decided on three dishes. Shanghai Special Chicken, Steamed Snowleaf with Shrimp Dumpling, Pan Fried Noodle with Shredded Pork and two beers.The first to arrive was the chicken, half a breast with skin on. Don't know what they do that chicken but it was deeeeeelisious! Moist, tender - yum. Next, came the Noodles, also yum. In the meantime a serving of dumplings arrived but not the one's we ordered. We told our waiter that those are not what we ordered - he, complimentary on the house. Six Pork Soup dumplings & they were deeeelisious. Finally our dumpling arrived. By this time wife and I were full, had the leftovers packed. And last but not least complimentary dessert of congee or sweet soybean curd arrived.Now for the bill, all of this came to - drumroll please...$30 including tax, two beers. The most expensive dish on the menu is Duck Soup at $29.99 but that is for four or more people. I would venture to say 85% of the menu items are under $10, the cheapest is Millet Rice Cake at $1.25.So if you're heading out to Citi Field for a game, concert or any event & don't want to spend an arm and a leg of stadium fast food take a walk or subway to Main St. Flushing. I guarantee you, you will no be disappointed.Oh I did forget to mention this is better then Joe's Shanghai or Ginger.
You best get yourself over here before Shanghai You Garden gets any more popular. Their soup dumplings, nay Shanghainese foods are some of the best NYC has to offer. The rumor is that the head chef migrated from Nan Xiang to Shanghai You Garden, leading to an influx of xiao long bao enthusiasts, tourists, and garden gnomes. The interior of the restaurant is a bit nicer than typical Chinese restaurants. They also had a slickdeal at the time I went, spend $10 and get an order of XLB for free.
This place is awesome! They give you a free order of XLB if you spend over $10 which is easy if you come with 2 or more people. The XLB is delicious - flavorful, and juicy. I also got the large XLB they advertise outside that you drink with a straw, but that was underwhelming. Just a bond broth in a glorified bowl. Other favorites on the menu also include the dofu hua (tofu pudding), soy milk, and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancake with beef is also a must - crispy, flaky and flavorful.
The best thing to order here is soup dumplings: definitely pretty authentic :) the other dim sum dishes were mediocre so I wouldn't come here just to get dim sum. I will come back for brunch again most likely. Keep in mind of the long wait time during weekend peak times.
I like this one better than nan Xiang because they have better service and also offer one free steam dumpling per table. However, their food is on the salty side.
** Free order of soup dumplings when your bill goes over $10 **** Cash only **I came here with a party of 10 for a birthday celebration and as long as you arrive early enough there shouldn't be a long wait. Their soup dumplings, in my opinion, is good and I do find them delicious, but I think the Shanghainese XLB on Prince Street prepares them better. Their actual entrée and side dishes are bomb.com here. We must of had 10 different dishes, aside from the soup dumplings, and everything tasted so good! I would avoid ordering the large soup dumpling since I've heard reviews that it's pretty unimpressive in taste/flavor, unless you're just doing it for the 'gram.
In all honestly, I just came here for the soup dumplings. When they offer to give a free order of soup dumplings because the wait is long, my thoughts are that it is too good to be true or I am going to be a bit let down. Who gives away free orders of their best dish? Their soup dumplings are pretty good. Some ppl gets the crab/pork dumpling (yellow thing on the dumpling in case you didn't know how to tell it apart). I stay with the pure pork dumplings mainly because I can't taste the difference. It holds its own in flavor with other restaurants in Flushing and NYC. It won't wow me, but it will definitely won't disappoint either. Soup Dumpling is nostalgia at this point in my life. It's a perfectly bite size of delicious happiness. Their other food that I ordered were okay: croaker and pan fried noodles. Overall, the food is not bad, but I am not sure I am willing to wait for my next visit. The wait varies depending on group size and is usually between 15min-1 hour.
Shanghai You Garden Haiku:First Xiao Long Bao Free! Steamed Vegetable dumpling good! Food come fast and hotAte here twice in 2 days, and think I've hate enough of my XLB fill for this month. I really like that the first XLB batch is free! I will admit the soup is fatty and a little dull on taste, but the skin is thin enough and soft. The vegetable steamed dumplings seem to be a hit with everyone I bring here, and the Nian Gao is a must have to go with the oily XLB.
First time here on a Tuesday at 6:30pm and still had a very short wait. Not sure if it's popularity came from every table getting a free order of XiaoLong Bao (soup dumplings) which tasted pretty good. I came mainly to try the Soup-Filled Bun where you drink the crab soup through a straw. It looked adorable but was disappointed with the fishy taste. Also got the Scallion Pancake with Beef, Salty Soy Bean Curd, Cucumbers and Garlic and Wonton with Hot Oil. They were all okay but the cucumber was kind of bland. Overall the decor, utensils and service was nice so I guess I'll still come back to try their other dishes
my family's go-to spot for shanghainese cuisine.  really good.  and i really appreciate that they have youtiao and sweet soy milk.
Really tasty and great bang for your buck! There were three of us and we got 8 or 9 plates to share...lots of food and came out to about $12/person. Our favorite dishes were the spicy wontons and ribs (fell right off the bone!). I really liked how they gave us to go menus and were able to take our orders outside while we waited for a table. We barely had to wait when we were seated.
My quest for NYCs best soup dumplings led me to Flushing. A friend recommended Shanghai You Garden to me, advising I try out the XXL soup filled bun.We arrived around 1.30pm on a Sunday afternoon and this place was popping off! All the tables were full with both large and small groups all tucking in to a feast of various dishes. Naturally I started to re think my Flushing Dumpling Tour (aka dump tour 2017) and order everything on the menu! It all looked great. But for the sake of reserving our stomachs for later we got the scallion pancake with beef (recommended by the lady sat next to us), two large soup filled buns and to our delight as we spent over $10 we were given a free portion of the pork soup dumplings - what a deal! Scallion pancake with beef was real tasty. The only thing I would say is that the pancake was a little too thick for the amount of beef but the flavor combo was spot on.The pork soup dumplings were up there with some of the best. A very solid soup dumpling.The large soup filled bun.... meh. I didn't particularly enjoy the flavor of the soup inside and to be honest I couldn't even confidently say what flavor it was. Also the bun it's self was very stodgy. I'm glad I tried it but can confirm, it sucks.Given how good the other food that we saw coming out cooked, I feel that a big Sunday lunch with a group of friends is next on the cards here. Good food at a good price... will be back!
It's get super busy so prepare to wait. The mini dumplings are so delicious! I enjoyed drinking the giant dumpling soup out of a straw.  Service was a tad bit slow, but the food made up for it.
Great spot! This place is very organized and has you seating with your order within minutes. At the entrance a women takes your party number and gives you a time and also hands you a menu. Then a waiter takes orders from the wait line.3 minutes after we sat down we were serve our dishes.If you like soy milk the sweet soy milk is a must! Taste very fresh and homemade.The XLB is good as well. Thin skin with a chewy texture.Don't forget to check in for the free  bun that you slurp with a straw.
Our family comes here a lot and I will have to say the flavoring of the food and quality of the food has slowly gone down each time we visit.The very first two times we went it was amazing, we were blown away how delicious the dishes were. Everything was flavorful, not too salty, just the way our family likes it.But the past two times we have visited, the prices has definitely gone up, but that's fine as long as the food is amazing, but we felt that the flavoring of things just were as good as it were the first few times we went.Not sure if they changed chefs, but we haven't gone there for a while now. Hopefully we will go back again and hope they still taste as great as it was when we first went.
This restaurant is so delicious!! The service is great and the price is right! I would recommend the soup dumplings, green sticky rice balls, fried Hong Kong bread, and much more. You can sit down and eat and the line goes really quickly. I would go here any day!
The location has a big affect. It's located at a shady place; however what you find inside is truly what you would call a hidden gem. Beautiful interior. Well-dressed employees. They all speak mandarin. I believe the manager took our order which made it a plus.I can't go through all the food so generally, I would have to say this was the best "dimsum" I've had. The free soup dumplings was a plus. Not the best soup dumplings, but that was already expected. As for everything else, very well made and seasoned impressively. +2 starsThe service was impeccable. Even though I couldn't speak mandarin, the server explained everything and recommended choices without feeling disturbed. All in all, great service. +2 starsWas it a journey? It did impress me, but not there yet. Definitely find this gem of a place. Don't get scared by the surroundings.
Advice for first-comers: it's cash only, and absolutely do NOT order the large soup dumpling!Came around 5-6 pm and there was no wait. I liked seeing the cooks make the dumplings behind a glass wall as I walked into the restaurant as it gives you a sense of freshness. All the employees seemed to be Shanghainese so I guess that also gives you a sense of authenticity. Things ordered: har gao (shrimp dumplings), pork soup dumplings, and crab and pork soup dumplings. The food came out relatively quickly. All the dumplings were plump with meat and full of flavor. In fact, the har gao had 2 whole pieces of juicy shrimp, and I didn't have to dig for the meat when I bit into the soup dumplings. There's quite a bit of pork inside, but the crab and pork dumplings were a bit on the oily side. They were flavorful, but I think the crab meat was oily because the pork only dumplings weren't oily at all. Being highly curious about the large soup bun that's advertised, it was added to the order. I should've been suspicious of it when the waiter said "maybe" when asked if the large soup dumpling was any good... It turned out to be a complete waste of $3. I wish they would've charged more for it and provided a better tasting soup bun! The bun had no meat what so ever, and the soup inside it lacked any good flavor! It literally tasted like thin soup that had yet to develop any flavor. I was really disappointed the broth in it didn't taste remotely close to the broth in the regular soup dumplings. I actually prefer this place to Joe's Shanghai. The dumplings are more flavorful rather than just salt seasoning. Would definitely come here again!
This place has delicious pork & crab meat soup dumplings and great service. The overall environment is clean and all the other food options, including the stir fried udon and rice cakes are pretty great too. Had to wait quite a bit for my soup dumplings, but I was glad with my overall experience. I will definitely come again :)
This small storefront restaurant nestled in the busy section of downtown Flushing turned out to be a wonderful gem!The restaurant turned out to be "deep" and was bigger than how it seemed from the street. The tables were good sized, able to accommodate multiple delicacies one could possibly ingest!Everything tasted really good! That's a rare find for me.We ordered: Shanghai Special Chicken that looked like Hainanese Chicken, but with the most delicious sauce.Chinese Vegetable with Bean Curd - Something I usually steer clear of, but this finely chopped dish was so delicious that I put in another order for take out.Sauteed Tofu with Salted Preserved Egg Yolk & Shrimp had the soft, silken tofu in delicious preserved duck yolk sauce.Rice Cake with Salted Egg that has the most delicious combination of dried ground pork and duck yolk encased in green mochi.Fried Loofah Soy Bean with Gluten was refreshing and no bitter taste from the loofah at all.Bean & Pig Hoof Soup was reported by my eating companion as most delicious - She is a connoisseur of delectable foods, as is an expert culinary home chef, so I totally take her word for it!The waiter brought us complimentary steam buns : ) which tasted fine (I still hold out for Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao on this one).The bill was really small for all of this most delicious food!When I bragged about the restaurant to others, a colleague of mine recommended trying Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef - she said the pancake is deliciously crispy.I can't wait to go back to try more delicious dishes!
This is one of my favorite places to go to for soup dumplings. They have a great selection of food and it's always nice to receive an extra order of soup dumplings after ordering more than $10. Some dishes I can recommend are the sweet and sour fried fish, pan fired pork soup dumplings, wonton soup and noodles. However, when you go, be ready to wait in line since this place is incredibly popular.
I love the soup dumplings here and the service is great. They give free soup dumplings if you spend at least $10 which is on the yelp check in offer. Today I got the wine chicken, scallion pancake with some meat, and an iced soy milk. With that they gave me free soup dumplings. Loved it.
Have I really not written a review for this place yet?! I feel like I come here at least once a month or two. According to Yelp, 8 times already.First things first: 1) Come early. Every time I come here, every table is usually filled and I have to wait. The longest I've waited was 15-20 minutes which wasn't too bad.2) Cash only. 3) Check in on Yelp and get complimentary steam pork buns. Sometimes they let you redeem for pork soup dumplings instead.OK! Now that you've settle down here is my typical order: Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed - You're probably wondering what the heck is this dish. If you like fish, this is your dish. I don't know any other restaurant in Flushing that serves this so give it a shot. It's a seasonably well fried fish. It is a tad greasy so beware.XLB - Crab & Pork meat - This is my favorite of the two they offer. I like how their dumpling skin is thin and you get more meat inside. Turnip Puff - Usually a breakfast delicacy, but you can order for dinner too. Love the wholesome heartiness of this.Noodle Soup - Generally speaking, it is huge. I think it's meant to be shared family style. Very generous with the noodles.Pan fried U-don noodles - very good, flavorfulOn my to try list:Rice cake with beefBig soup dumpling with straw (new!)At the end, they may or may not serve you complimentary rice wine ball soup. I believe the Chinese dessert is called "jiu niang". It's basically tang yuan, glutinous balls, floating in fermented rice wine. I was pretty sad yesterday they didn't give us any. If you never had it before, it's definitely an acquired taste. Most of the time I just pick out the glutinous balls and eat that. So gooood.Well, I guess see you next month Shanghai You Garden!
Nice spot to go on a weekday to avoid the crowds.  It is tuck away in prince st.  I have to say the big crab soup dumpling is really great to drink.  Super hot and don't eat the skin.  It is extra thick to compensate the soup. I think its order 10 bucks or more you get an extra set of soup dumplings for free!  I haven't tried everything yet, but you won't be disappointed.
Worth the long wait on Mother's Day.Complaints: turnip puffs were cold in the middle but they gave us a fresh order after we let them know. The giant xiao long bao were way too crabby/fish for me. Really good stuff: kung pao eel, regular xiao long bao (2 orders for free), snow pea leaves, chinese vegetables and beancurd, watercress dumplings. Wifi.
Delicious! The soup dumplings were just the right amount of meat & skin ratio and it never broke while picking it up. The soup was delicious and it came out pipping hot which i Love! Short wait but they're efficient about it -- waiter takes your order while you wait for a table. They even charged my phone for me while we ate, so thankful!
Shanghai You Garden is worth the long trek to Flushing, Queens. This has been one of my favorite Shanghainese dining experiences in NYC. The restaurant is very busy so expect a wait to get seated. Efficiently, they have you place your order while you wait, so the food comes out right away once you're at your table. Excellent authentic dishes, generous portions, and affordable prices. We ordered 10 dishes and the total bill came out to be only $66. It fed 5 of us with plenty of leftovers. And to top it off, the restaurant gives complimentary soup dumplings and dessert.The service was very attentive and the restaurant had nice seating. Don't forget- cash only!
I was in Flushing staying with my family and was CRAVING Soup Dumplings. I hardly get out and eat chinese food on my own--partially because I'm lazy and partially because there's something about Chinese food where it's always better with a crowd. And honestly, the soup dumplings in SF are overpriced and whatever. Came in on a Friday morning, just around 11am or so. We were seated right away and it was hardly packed :) Of course, had to order the GIANT soup dumpling! We also got the regular xiao long bao as well (free with check in!) and some other small plates (savory tofu pudding, soy sauce chicken, and the SCALLION PANCAKES with Beef!)The giant soup dumpling wasn't bad.... but very thick skin (of course) and no meat (or just like small tufts of it). Be careful, you WILL burn your mouth if you don't wait a little. I much preferred the smaller dumplings and if I could go back, I would definitely get that instead next time. The scallion pancake---THE SCALLION PANCAKE. The dough was perfect, the seasoning was perfect, this was the best scallion pancake I've ever had period. DONE.Recommend! Good cheap eats for the win, Flushing has the best places to go, and this one did not disappoint :D
Super busy, which means that the food is good and we were not disappointed! The wait is actually not that bad. The food is great. All of them individually doesn't cost much, but it all adds up! So beware because everything looks sooo good! We got 5 things at it came out to be $58 ish (before tax).
If you have an Xiao Long Bao (XLB) aka soup dumpling craving, this is one of the go to places. Chinese breakfast (soy milk and egg pancakes) and great options for lunch and dinner make this place busy most times.  The design and decor is wonderful, and as told by one of the managers, an interior designer was hired to give that higher end feel.  The restaurant is in the middle of a three different billion dollar developments where units sell in the $1,200+ p/sq ft range and the street it self (which used to be more disheveled and somewhat dicey seems poised to redevelop. It can get crowded walking there and in the restaurant.  The booths are more spacious than the open tables. However you get to watch the chefs hand make the dumplings while you wait for a seat and if you have room you can do a XLB tour by going to the other popular XLB restaurants only 2-3 blocks away.   I think a XLB showdown is due.
Do you have a soft spot for the pretense of authenticity?  There are restaurants out there claiming to bring old school flavors back, whatever the heck that means.  Take for instance, the ridiculously long wait outside of Tim Ho Wan's new East village outlet, which was supposed to call forth the flavors of modern Hong Kong.  There's also You Garden - they are so confident of their Shanghai soup dumpling tradecraft they are willing to give away products for free to generate buzz.  What's their deal?You Garden is named after Yu Garden 豫園, a classical garden next to the City God Temple 城隍廟 within the old core of Shanghai.  Next to the temple there is a famous eatery that lays down the very benchmark for soup dumplings -  Nan Xiang Bun Shop 南翔饅頭店.  Have you had a good one?  Probably not until you had a steamer or 2 of the stuff at Nan Xiang.  Someone in Flushing already cribbed the name, so I guess someone else could crib the neighborhood landmark.  The natural question to ask is...are they the American version of Nan Xiang?  No.  You can't really expect it to be just like the original.  Even if they are able to import everything and the labor, local minutae will still make it slightly different.  However, they do compare well to its in-town rivals.In terms of decor, it's Chinese contemporary.  The seating is shared tables with strangers, but a bit less spartan than the usual.  That being said, it's oddly  discordian with takeout counters, cramped and with disturbingly untidy downstairs restrooms.  Service is typically Chinese, brusque and to the point.  Hungry?  Whaddadyawant?  Okay, thanks.  How about the food?  In terms of the soup dumplings, I would say that You Garden did a decent job.  The skin is the thin-and-gluten-driven variety and stands up well to the chopsticks.  Amazingly, it does not stick to each other even when overlapped, which requires some tradecraft in dough prep.  The soup within is well composed, not too greasy, not too thin, and served piping hot, which is the way it's supposed to.   Now, what about the other stuff?  The stir fried thick noodles (or udon in the menu) has the right combination of vinegary kicks and salty hits along with the uctuous mouthfeel.  The soy milk is served piping hot in a bowl without any weird cross contamination of flavors (which happens with alarming regularity in Flushing), just a very clean, slightly sweet and thin soy milk, which shows you the care taken.  The shanghai style wonton soup base is made with thin strips of fried egg, dried baby shrimp 蝦皮 and seaweed  海苔 which is quite authentic, as I can attest eating a few of my Shanghaiese ex-girlfriend's family meals.  The wonton is the looser cabbage and pork variety with the thicker white skin, which is different from the Cantonese egg based variety with shrimp and pork fillings.Okay, to wrap it up, it's not as good as my experiences in Shanghai or Taipei, but it's good as an American proprietor of soup dumplings.  Sure, why not.  We can use another good place for that.
Shanghai you garden sells authentic shanghainese food. I'm shanghainese so I know they put sugar in almost everything. Also, the waiters and waitresses all speak shanghainese. You can't get more authentic than that :)The food was great. My bf and I got the grandma beef thing with quail eggs. We also got xiao long bao with crab meat and the regular one. We tried their big soup dumplings which is just soup in dough and you drink it with a straw. We also got a tofu like dish and tripe. Personally, I don't like my food to be very sweet. Growing up as a kid, my dad had diabetes so we curbed the sugar and always added salt instead. Though I know this is what true shanghainese food is like, I'd probably still eat the modified version of the food cause i like salt more than sugar lol. All in all, I like this place for the authenticity, ambience of the place, and the food though some were sweeter than I liked. They also ended our night with a sweet rice ball soup.
Tiny place with extremely long and slow wait.  And it's not because it's that particularly busy, but it has very limited space and not very efficient.  And the hostess was very pushy getting us to order while we're waiting.  She was basically naming every dish on the menu and ask if we want it.  Also, we even made a reservation, which meant absolutely nothing.  We had to wait outside with my baby and they couldn't care less about us.  We only came here because I saw Strictly Dumpling's YouTube review.  But I think because of that, this place has become a tourist trap, which is no better than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  So disappointing...
My family and I come here a lot and usually have a good time. Lately, when we order some fried stinky tofu, they really skimp on the side vegetables (pickled cabbaged) that pair with the tofu. There are probably a few slices of cabbage to about 15 pieces of tofu, and whem we ask for a bit more they said they only give what the order comes with. I understand this place has gotten super busy and popular lately but either you give enough cabbage to pair with the tofu or don't offer any at all. Disappointing in that aspect, but  the food is generally good, like the soup dumplings, rice cakes, and fried noodles.
Modern Shanghainese restaurant that offers the highly coveted signature Shanghaiese steamed soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包 $5.75 for 6 pcs in full juicy.  I am truly enamored of soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包.  Ambience is very clean, bright and modern where the ceiling is suspended with beautiful Chinese calligraphy- perhaps poems?  Walls are adorned with Chinese floral design of Chinese paintings fending the illusion of being in Shanghai's Yuyuan Garden (aka Yu Garden) 豫園, located in City God Temple northeast of the Old City of Shanghai, People's Republic Of China.  Having traveled there and back myself Yuyuan Garden 豫園 is BEAUTIFUL unscathed by man.  Friday brunch time was packed of homogeneous Shanghaiese (my party of two with strong Cantonese roots stood out very obviously).  However, we were seated almost immediately without waiting.Shanghai pan-fried Udon noodles $6.95 (noodles were prepared well with fresh Shanghai Qing vegetables but induced heavy in oil, fat)Pork cabbage noodle soup $6.25 (Chinese vegetables are fresh and the noodles were joyful)The waiter provided one free order of soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包Our bill totaled a reasonable $20.63.  My mother and I were not rushed upon near completion of our meal which separates this restaurant from most typical Chinese restaurants.  Restroom facility is clean and modern with a light colored slate wall tile.  The utensils seemingly appeared designed for this restaurant.  The spoon handle is curved to be placed at the edge of the soup noodle bowls to prevent it falling into the bowl.  The tea pot has an clear plastic extension for the sprout to prevent spillage unto the table as I usually spill the excess when pouring tea into my cup.  Therefore, serving tea in keeping to Chinese tradition is easier.  Tea was served in-between cold and luke warm and by the time the two of us was near the end of our meal the tea was stone cold-- not good for Chinese tea.  Wait staff are able to converse fluently in Mandarin and English-- select staff who are linguist have a limited working capability for Cantonese.  Shanghai You Garden is easily accessible nearby 7 train at Main Street in Flushing and nearby MTA buses.Note: CASH ONLY - no credit or debit cards accepted.
The xaiolongbao soup dumplings here are very good. So good that we ordered seconds. It was definitely worth the 15min wait to get a table. We had the shredded pork & preserved vegetable noodle soup, shredded pork and salted cabbage noodle soup and pan fried noodle with shredded chicken as well and they are all very good.
The dumplings were delicious! They steamed and pan fried soup dumplings. The steamed are better the pan fried is more of a bun consistency. They have the big fluffy scallion pancakes! Yummm  glad i found this place! The service was just ok.
nice place with great deals.free aoup woth $10 dine in purchase. the wait time is about 16-29 monutes dpending time you arrive.  amy way you can order your food in advance and wait for you food on your table.good service polite people, you may have understanding problem but its ok they will work outits a nice spot to eat out with friends and family
This is by far one of my favorite places for xiao long baos (soup dumplings) in all of Flushing. My go to spot has always been the restaurant on Prince Street, but this place taste so much better! The entrance of the restaurant looks like a little "hole in the wall" type of restaurant, but once you go in, it's much bigger than it looks like from the outside! I went there at around 1pm on a weekday and there was a short wait, around 5-10 minutes, but they offer plenty of seats while waiting. The one thing that drew me in was the free order of soup dumplings with a purchase of $10 or more (free stuff is always a win win!). They were delicious, and did not taste too oily like the ones in Joe's Shanghai.. I also ordered turnip puffs, rice cake with shredded pork, and chicken with wine sauce. The rice cake tasted a little bland to me and it would have been better if it had more taste. However, the chicken with wine sauce tasted very flavorful and delicious, so I highly recommend it!Another plus is that the bathroom was clean! (It's pretty hard to come across in Flushing)Overall, I was very pleased with the food and I highly recommend this place if you're craving for some soup dumplings!
This restaurant does deserve the mixed reviews it has received from Yelpers. This review contains a lot of loosely translated items from Mandarin to English. Food: allow me to start off with the good stuff. I recommend scallion pancake with beef, "snow vegetable" with meat noodles in soup, "vegetable fried rice," which is, of course, fried with fatty pork bits, vegetable steamed dumplings, the cold spicy beef appetizer, and the red bean paste pastry. The mediocre items include: the free xiao long bao that come with every meal over $10, the fried pork ribs (more on this issue later), and the soy milk. The issue with the xiao long bao ("soup dumplings") were that the dough used to wrap around the pork is a bit too thick and hard. I believe Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao does it better. The issue with the fried pork ribs was that we had discovered that they were under cooked! We also found an ant in our soy milk, but upon further reflection, it more than likely got in there somehow after it was served. Service: the people are generally quite responsive. However, there is a feeling that they were trying to get us to leave immediately at the end of the meal. Although understandable, my only tip for everyone to avoid this situation is - please do not come on weekends after, say, 11:30 a.m.Decor: interior is interesting and surprisingly large, to say the least. There is an issue with the chair being way too short for the table, but I'm a bit taller than many, and had no issues. I'm a little bit nervous about the fact that the kitchen is in the basement, with people who appear to be walking into and out of it for a smoking break every few minutes. Note: cash only.Tip: read the signs outside carefully before parking. I recommend the garage across the street from the park on the same side of the restaurant that has vehicle elevators. Parking there has been safe for me so far and relatively hassle free.
I've known about this place when it had lower double digit reviews and have always wanted to come here because.. umm, free xiao long baos?! YES, I AM THERE. (PS: If you don't do the Yelp check-in, I think the xiao long baos are free if you purchase over $10.. but I'm not sure if you need a Yelp check-in AND spend over $10). I also am not sure if this place is affiliated with Corner 28 because when I asked for a take-out container, they gave me a bag that said Corner 28. Anyways, this is getting off topic and I'm sure you're more interested in hearing about the actual restaurant.It's on 40th road which is one of the shadier roads in Flushing for me. Neighbored by an alcohol shop, massage place ($20 for 60 minute back rub.. hm, I need to check that place out on Yelp), across the street from Corner 28, and relatively close to a park. The exterior definitely does not compare to the inside which is extremely clean, spacious, and well light. It gives off a very nice ambiance.. fairly reminiscent of Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao (I know a lot of people compare this place to that place... I mean why not? They serve the same food). This place is definitely an upgrade though, because it's new.. has booths and is way more suitable for larger groups than Nan Xiang is. The food is slightly more expensive, but you would have to pay that 5% premium for the larger and more spacious environment.The workers here wear a cute little ancient China outfit, can't describe it but I always think it's neat when workers actually have a uniform. They are also extremely nice, not sure if they could speak English though. They also give you a free pudding dessert at the end of every meal. I didn't try it but I heard it was very healthy and delicious. The xiao long baos are excellent! Honestly, I could not taste the difference between Nan Xiang and this place.. though I wish I could've tried the crab xiao long baos, as they are my favorite opposed to the pork ones (didn't get a chance to look at the menu so I honestly don't even know if they have it).They have this singular large soup dumpling that you can drink with a straw for $2.99 which I thought was pretty awesome. I didn't get to try it tonight but I will definitely come back to try it! This place is CASH ONLY, no surprise there. And please, do not try to find parking in the area.. or pay for parking at the parking lot in skyview or across from Queens Crossing.My meal here was kind of rushed, a result of my own late arrival.. but I will definitely update my review once I come back to try those personal soup dumplings!
Long lines especially on the weekends but it's worth the wait. XLB are tasty, brothy with the perfect amount of wrapped dough. Highly recommend their beef scallion pancake as well as their fried spare ribs!
Service isn't great, but the food is good.If you spend over $10, you get a complementary set of pork soup dumplings.
Best dumplings ever! Always busy in there and they give you a free pork dumpling with any order.. they are great and very quick! Love it here :)
The crab and pork XLB were good here. Both my hubby and I actually liked them! (He likes Joe Shanghai's, I prefer Nan Xiang.) Went there recently with the kids for brunch. The big booths were roomy and allowed the kids to be dufus-like and not mash into us the whole time.We ordered quite a few items:savory silken tofu - really good (reminded me of the ingredients used at White Bear's spicy wontons)shanghai udon noodles - meh, too oily but the kids liked them for their heft.*pickled veg & pork soup noodles - big serving and the kids liked the noodles, too. the broth was mild and wasn't greasy.wuxi spare ribs - fall off the bone tender. Didn't need the flimsy steak knife. Good flavor but a little too gloppy / too much cornstarch in the sauce. steamed veg dumplings - good flavor from the garlic chives and spinach. hubby thought it tasted like grass. The service was mediocre. It's gone downhill since it first opened and they're less worried about pleasing and fawning over the customers (maybe since their NYTimes or Time Out NY reviews.) The bathrooms were a mess and the mens vs. the womens bathrooms are in vastly different locations (tough for a mom who has boys.)All in all - we'll definitely go back for the crab XLB, tofu and noodles.
Bad experience! Recommend Nan Xiang xiao long bao. The foods are more flavorful than this place.
Edit - They have the giant soup dumplings here too!Shanghai You Garden is everything good about Nan Xiang without any of the bad parts. I am the biggest fan of this place and their xiao long baos. Even better, the restaurant is currently an deal of a free order of XLBs with every order over $10. It's a great chance to try their signature dish, although I'm sure you'll be ordering more.Just an FYI, it is tucked away a bit from Main Street towards the LIRR stop.I'm not sure of the affiliation between this place with Nan Xiang (almost identical menu and flavors) or Corner 28 (uses their plastic bags and some workers have jackets with their logo), but I'm not complaining at all. The XLBs are deliciously filled with lots of broth and meat and the skins are thin enough that you can see the amount of soup inside!  The handmade pork dumplings are also great and chive-y and offer a bit of a different texture. An unexpected winner was their noodle with beef and chili oil. The beef is tender and noodles with chili oil are just the right amount of spicy and savory. The restaurant itself is also beautifully spacious, renovated and clean. Shanghai You Garden deserves 5/5 stars and I will definitely be back with friends and family.
I absolutely love this place. If you go on a weekend, BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR A TABLE. So many people love the yummy soup dumplings they serve and they won't seat you until everyone in your party is there. But I say it's worth the wait .The food is really good and they offer a deal that if you order comes out to $10 or more you get one free order of soup dumplings. The soup dumplings surprisingly comes very fast after you order so that's always a plus. Besides soup dumplings they have a very big menu to pick from. There's soups, cold dishes, noodles, breakfast menu with soy milk and they're all really good.Service is good and they have plenty of servers that are working so all customers are taken cared of and not have to wait long. Oh, and last but not least they're a cash only establishment so be sure to stop at the ATM beforehand. But even if you forget that's alright, they actually have an ATM in the restaurant right next to the front counter.
With so many options for food to choose from in flushing, I think shanghai you is an option you wont regret. The food here is very flavorful and depending on the time of day you come, the wait could be quick or long. My friend did most of the ordering so I'm not sure of the names of the dishes but we got scallion pancake with meat, crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, bean curd cold dish, tripe and meat cold dish, grandmas pork rib? And the large meat balls.Most of the dishes were flavorful and the meat was very tender. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
The only up point I see of this restaurant is cleanliness and quite well decored compared to other Chinese places in Flushing. My friend wanted to try this place cause she thought it was dimsum, like catering dimsum. But it actually serves small-sized Shanghai dishes.The menu kinda looks like Joe's Shanghai with the highlight of Xiao long bao. Personally I like the soup dumpling here a bit more than Joe's. The stuffing was the same flavor but the bao skin was chewier. We ordered two Crabmeat xiao long bao and got a complimentary Pork bao with a check-in on Yelp (Yelp for life!). Asides from that, other dishes were quite disappointing. The Shanghai special chicken was actually Haianese chicken and was a bit lack of flavor. The chicken feet in white wine was weird to me cause it tasted like chocolate lol. We also ordered this hugee bowl of pork feet soup with bamboo and it was really bland. There were these huge meatballs in sauce that came well with white rice but nothing special.Price was cheap, ranging from $5-$10 per dish as I remember. Overall the xiao long bao wasn't good enough to make up for other dishes so I probably won't come back.
Amazing. Day or night is busy but for good reason! Always wait maybe 5 minutes for a table but always so worth it. Service quality, service speed, service efficiency all great. Food quality, menu choices, menu prices, all wonderful. Plus free xiao long bao! Interior always gives perfect atmosphere.
We ordered too much food. I was really expecting that the popularity of this place would have kept us waiting much longer than 20 minutes on a Sunday night. We put our names in, and wandered over to Tous Les Jours to have some very disappointing savory pastries. When we returned 15 minutes later, we were seated within 5 minutes, as expected.We ordered four dishes -- the crab soup dumplings, beef tendon, soy beans with cabbage and bean curd, and pan fried pork buns. They warned us that the pan fried pork buns had a long wait time because things were a little backed up in the kitchen -- around 40 minutes, but those are a favorite of mine, so I insisted. They gave us a free order of pork soup dumplings to compensate for the wait. I can't really complain.The cold beef tendon appetizer is precisely what you'd expect -- it's comparable to what you would get at any other place serving this same dish. The soy bean dish is one of the cheaper vegetable dishes that they offer, and it's also as expected. The crab soup dumplings are incredibly crabby, and the skins are rather sturdy. We had not a single one burst or leak before we finished them all. They are full of delightful soup, and the meat is excellent as well. The free pork soup dumplings were a little less sturdy, and a few of those burst, but I can't say that didn't happen because they sat a little longer, since we ate them after the crab ones. I can't complain too much because they were free.The fried pork buns are excellent. These are better than my favorite ones at Shanghai Café Deluxe in Manhattan Chinatown, because the dough is a little more tender, and less dough-y. The bottoms are crispy, and the whole thing is still a little oily, but less so than the ones with Shanghai Café.They also serve a dessert, which is a fermented rice dessert that resembles Korean makkeoli in flavor. I wasn't a huge fan, but again, it comes with the meal, so I can't complain too much.We ended up paying $29 before tip and we ended up waddling our way out from eating way too much food. I would happily come back here.
Forgot how many dishes I ordered, but the free 小籠包 was the only one I would give a positive review. Everything else was just.... fair. Good for them that although it's frxxking busy at peak hour, place was still clean.
This place is amazing!!! Big portion, nice food, reasonable price - this is the place to be for a nice breakfast, lunch or dinner. The pork buns filled with soup just burst out of flavor, the noodles are very nice, and the scallion pancakes are superb! Instead of the normal plain pancakes, a little bit of BBQ meat was added to enhance the flavor even more. Hot tea was waiting for us at the resraurant, and the waiters were very nice and efficient, even if they spoke more fluent in Chinese rather than English - but then it's a given in Chinatown already. I've been here twice, and I would definitely go here a third time!
The most delicious Shangainese food I've ever tasted. My family and I went here for a nice Mother's Day dinner and although the wait was an hour it was well worth it. However I did notice that later in the night the wait for tables did lessen significantly. Compared with the outside the inside was not what I expected, the decor is so lovely and unique.I can't wait to come back here again!
For a quintessentially hidden gem in flushing chinatown, shanghai you garden features a menu full of shanghai delicacies that represents the jewel of asia. If i were to lie, i would tell you how everything on the menu was average. However the truth is everything was fantastic, in fact between two grown adults we finished enough food for four people in one sitting because it was that good. My only mark off for this place is due to its XLBs. I remember it was ordinary and not wowingly amazing. However eveything else from lions head meatballs to pork knuckle was spot on.
This place is a ok. Their steamed soup dumpling is the only thing good there. I ordered eel stir fried in hot oil, pan fried dumplings. The eel tasted not so fresh, the fried dumpling wasn't good either. If you want soup dumpling, then that's the place to go. If you want anything else, go elsewhere.
Food is decent, nothing special. The wait is a little crazy on any given weekend evening.. which I guess should be expected. The soup dumplings are pretty good, but everything else is just decent. On the plus side, the food comes out super duper fast, to the point where I found myself trying to eat everything before they whipped the food off the table.
I came here several times and each time I walked away with a happy belly. First thing you notice when you enter is the Shop Rite mat. Yes, there's a Shop Rite mat by the entrance way.My first visit here, they took our order before sitting down. It was extremely busy on a Sunday afternoon. Each time the service was impeccable, the pork soup dumplings were consistently better than the pork and crab soup dumplings. The skin is paper thin, but the dumpling is loaded with soup and meat. On the side, we got the cold cucumbers, crispy noodles with veggies, udon noodles with veggies (crispy wins), different types of fried rice (which were alright), and their braised pork belly dish.It's hard to find great soup dumplings. It's even harder to find consistent soup dumplings. But you can find both at Shanghai You.
tl;dr: the best cheap and affordable soup dumplingsIt's amazing how far $18 gets you in Flushing. I was bursting at the seams after that much food here and still got to try an amazing variety of foods. My lunch consisted of salty soy milk, 2 baskets of soup dumplings (they're currently doing a promotion where you get a basket of soup dumplings for spending at least $10), a scallion pancake, and a giant soup-filled bun.First off, don't bother with the giant soup-filled bun. It's pretty much a novelty and the soup inside tastes rather bland with chunks of crab meat that I almost choked on. The bun itself is also flavorless.Other than that, the salty soy milk and scallion pancake were pretty standard fare. However, the soup dumplings were simply amazing. Not only was the taste phenomenal, but this was the first time where I hadn't broken a single soup dumpling by accident.Lastly, I want to give props to how clean and organized this Chinese restaurant is, which, sadly, is such a rarity.
Not sure of this place relative to others in Flushing but I thought it was great and all I could ask for from a Chinese restaurant! It was so cheap and very good. We ordered two of the giant soup dumplings ($2.95 each) which were super cute but weird because there was no filling? It was literally just a crabby soup which is fine but not what I expected for sure. We also got the scallion pancake with beef in it and that was good and pretty much exactly as expected - very fried and there was enough scallion taste but the beef definitely covered it a little more than usual. We also got the fried pork buns which were SO filling and so fried/oily but very good. We were so pleasantly surprised by the free soup dumplings too, which were great! The total order for two people stuffed to the brim was only $17 - but it is CASH ONLY! The interior is very nice but there did seem to be a long line when we left at 6pm so plan accordingly.
A couple months ago on Facebook all I saw was the whole dumpling craze. You know the one where you drink the broth with a straw and then there's a big chunk of pork inside the rice cake covering it. Lol. My husband's family is from New York and I believe it's here where the craze started. Like many hyped things, this in my honest opinion is hyped. It's really wonton soup. Lololololol. The broth is similar to wontons soup. The pork meat reminds me of the prob meat inside a wonton in wonton soup. It's just that it's a steamed dumpling. For the experience it's okay, really and honestly, nothing too special. The servers for this place is really a hit or miss. I know you worked all morning but please don't act like I made you have that attitude. Ugh. Rude Chinese ladies really irk me. My MIL is super passive so I try to be so she doesn't feel uncomfortable but if it wasn't for her I would've said really mean things. Other dishes and food was good, will give this place another try, another time.
Keep passing by this place whenever we are in the area and never realized what it really was! My husband is a dumpling fanatic! We ventured in one night for a late dinner, good decision! We were immediately seated with numerous smiles! Our waiter was sooo friendly and HELPFUL, especially because we don't eat pork, he literally pointed out all the things they were known for that didn't have pork! We ordered beef scallion pancakes, this sliced beef noodle dish, shrimp dumplings, veggie dumplings, and a red bean paste puff. It was all really good!! I can't say which was my favorite! I gave them 4 stars because to be known for dumplings, they didn't have a huge variety of different kinds.. almost all their dumplings had some type of pork in it. Ughhh!!!! Other than that... we will definitely go back!
The poster advertising their super big soup dumpling lured us in. We walked into a surprisingly beautiful restaurant. We frequent this area of Flushing and LOVE the food, but the decor is usually a step above dumpster patio. Not Shanghai You. This restaurant is very nice!We ordered two of their colossal soup dumplings and an order of the steamed crab meat and pork buns. When the food came we (very pleasantly) found out that if you order over a certain amount you get a free order of the steamed pork buns. AWESOME!We were disappointed in the huge soup dumplings. There was not meat in them. Just soup and the dumpling wrapper.However, the crab and pork buns and the pork buns vaulted Shanghai You Garden into our top spot for soup dumplings. They had plenty of soup, plenty of meat and a whole lot of flavor. They also didn't fall apart as soon as you tried to pick them up. Anyone who's eaten soup dumplings before knows that getting them onto the spoon un-popped can be tricky. Still tricky here, but not as bad as a lot of other places we've been.Shanghai You Garden has been added to our Flushing Dumpling Tour as a star!
I first heard about Shanghai You Garden earlier this year when it was the trending new restaurant in Flushing, Queens. My best friend and I had off from work on Friday and decided to catch up and to have lunch here. We arrived at around 12:30pm and there was a line surprisingly. I thought that there would be less people here since it's the long holiday weekend and people would escape NYC early Friday morning/afternoon. :P Among the both of us, we shared the following:1) Fried Bean Gluten [$5.75] - Good. It's gluten with mushrooms, bamboo, and Chinese lily flowers.2) Pan Fried Pork Buns [6 pieces, $6.50] - Very good. I loved the texture of the soft doughy bun. There's a tiny bit of soup inside the pork buns too.3) Pan Fried Pork & Vegetable Wontons [$5.50] - It was a bit oily. Tastes good, but I wouldn't ordered it again tho.4) Steam Pork Buns [6 pieces, this was FREE since we ordered more than $10 worth of food. You have to ask for it.] - Very good. But, some of the soup dumplings were slightly stuck to the bamboo steam tray even though there's parchment paper on the bottom. So, the dumpling skin kinda ripped when we were taking the dumplings out of the tray. Overall, delicious soup dumplings and I like it better than Joe Shanghai's. Also just as good as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.Service was OK. There were times that the waiters were about to give us food that we didn't ordered. Very weird - in my opinion.At the end, I was really stuffed!!! Good and tasty food here. I'm definitely coming back to try other dishes here in the future. The food is pretty cheap too and we ended up sharing $11 each for the meal.
Love going here - my favorite dish is the kao fu (vegetarian).
Delicious and inexpensive! It can get crowded, and on the weekends be prepared to wait a short while (it was packed and 4 of us only had to wait about 15 minutes on a friday night). The space is very clean and nicely decorated. They also have inside space to wait for a table, which is appreciated in the winter! We have consistently enjoyed all of the food we've been able to try. The service is quick and attentive. Definitely worth a visit!
Food is so so, but for the cheap price, it's a good deal! The free dumplings is a plus for sure
I am pleasantly surprised to find this place. The restaurant is new, good taste in decor, and clean. The best part is the food. The tofu flower is the best I had in Flushing hands down. My new spot for breakfast in Flushing.
Purposely drove into Flushing for some food court eatery, happened to find a parking spot right in front of Yu Garden and got gazed into their supersize xiaolongbao (which we did not order) advertisement on the window.  The food was AMAZING! The 2 of us ordered the: Crabmeat xiaolongbao - very flavorful, juicy, yet not greasy.Kaofu - Just the right seasoning and texture. Braised pork belly - OMG good! perfect coloring yet not too salty, sweet yet refreshing. Spared rib with garlic - crispy brown outside, moist inside. Snow pea leaves - fresh and bit salty to my taste. In all we left as very happy customers and will definitely return and superb reviews. P.S. we got an order of regular xiaolongbao on the house SCORED!
Really great food!  The free dumplings with a check-in on Yelp was icing on the cake.  The garlic spare ribs were sublime as was the giant soup dumpling...yum!  The seafood with udon noodles was fresh, hot and delicious as was the sesame chicken. We came at a good time as it was rather early for dinner.  By the time we left, there was a huge line out the door waiting for a table!  Service was excellent too!
Typical Shanghainese fair, but the quality was definitely there. I would go back if in the area.
Excellent service, super fast. food came right after we order. It was very tasty. The price is reasonable comparing to the amount. Atmosphere is very friendly. We received a dessert although we didn't order. It is a place you wanna go back and taste all what is in menu. The place is clean and cozy.
I would have rated it 3.5 stars if I could. The decor is stylish and place is very clean. Love that I can see the soup dumplings being made. There is a line but they are very efficient and fast with moving everyone along. The large dumpling with only soup in there was just ok, its whimsical to eat but not to eat more than once. I had both the plain pork and pork/crab soup dumplings and they were also just ok. Not as flavorful and a lot less soup than shanghai joes. I also feel that they should be $$$. Most dishes are $8+ and very little given for the price paid for.
I'm a huge fan of this place especially when they first opened up. For the location, the restaurant is a decent size and although sometimes there are 15-20 minutes of waiting time, the line moves fairly quickly. The staff is quick, efficient and friendly. Their spend $10 to get one basket of free soup dumplings is the best part. Their soup dumplings were plump, juicy although they are nothing out of the ordinary flavors. I would completely skip their noodle dishes as a few of my experiences were meh. However, if you really want to step out of your comfort zone, try some of their cold dishes. My favorites are the spicy beef and tripe and the cold gluten. The flavors are pretty mind-blowing and they always taste just right! The only snafu I encountered was when the spicy beef and tripe dish only had 3 pieces of tripe with with beef slices piled high. I had to ask for more tripe (like the pictures displayed) and the chef gave me the stank eye. -_-For the price and the food quality, I highly recommend!
Their current promo was a pleasant surprise as me and my mom walked in to the tiny restaurant after she was raving about it the last time she came with my family members to try it out first. It was a full house but their system is very efficient and organized which is VERY hard to find in any restaurant in flushing. I used to swear by nan xiang since thats what i grew up knowing but this xlb place really blew me out of the water. Everything was so delicious and didn't leave me with the sluggishness I'd have everytime I'd eat at nan xiang. The prices are also amazing in comparison to other xlb places I've been to considering the freshness and quality of the food. You can see the chefs preparing the buns on the spot once you walk in and it shows that regardless of how busy they are, they dont spare the time consuming labor needed to put into making their most famous soup dumplings. Now I'll be swearing by this place whenever my xlb craving kicks in!
Located right off Main Street in a not so nice block. The food is good but can get very crowded. If one can find parking, this place is a definite try.
I come here with my family often and we love it. The prices are really great for the quality and quantity of food you get. They also offer a great deal, free soup dumplings with a $10 purchase, can't find a better spot for the quality of food at this price point anywhere else.
Amazing food for a great price! Love the soup dumplings/xiao long bao. Best thing is that they're free when you order $10 or more. Quick service and seating. I will definitely return here during my next trip!
Okay. I finally came here because of all the statements saying this was the spot to be at and that the originals from Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao had moved over to here and honestly it was kind of a let down. Yes, I am a bit biased as I have been a loyalist to Nan Xiang. In order to properly judge my friend and I ordered the same exact things we always order so we could compare: 4 XLB orders... (when we eat, we eat), bamboo shoots, and cucumber. How do they compare?The cucumber side dish was honestly pretty much the exact same thing.The bamboo shoots at Shanghai You had a hint of cinnamon going on, not saying it was a bad thing but it definitely threw me off. I think I kind of liked it more than when it didn't have that hint of flavor. It was oddly complimentary? I wouldn't have thought to add that as a spice but it definitely worked.And the most important part, probably the only part of this review you are looking for... the xiao long bao! First things first, they *do* offer a free order when you get $10 worth of food (which my friend and I obviously did). So that is quite a nice offer. However, I think that they're not as good as the ones over at Nan Xiang. They seemed to be less flavorful overall.I likely will continue to keep going to Nan Xiang to get my XLB fix. But I'm happy I decided to try Shanghai You out! It's definitely easier to get to by train if that's your source of transportation.
Another great soup dumpling establishment. Their pork soup dumplings are juicy and hot. The workers are friendly. They also serve hot tea once you sit down. Their stir fried rice cake is really good.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 3.0/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 3.0/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 I'm a little torn on this one.  I heard great things about SYG before coming and knew the lines could be long.  I showed up for an early lunch on a less busy Saturday with half the tables empty when I showed (~11.15am) and only a short wait as I was leaving (~12:30pm).  Service was good for a Chinese restaurant and staffing was more than adequate.  The food, while pretty good, was honestly a bit underwhelming.  The XLB seemed like a typical B+ product, and they have a big soup-only (ie. no filling) soup dumpling that I was frankly disappointed by given how overwhelmingly fishy the broth/soup tasted (based on other reviews it's possible they had an off day).  Portion/pricing on some of the cold apps seemed a bit light/high.I suppose this just shows how important it is to manage expectations going in.  Not super excited about going back a second time.
Warning, NO ENGLISH!Things I like to order here: Soup dumplings "Xiao Long Bao", fried tiny buns called "sheng jian bao?", beef with scallion pancake "Nu ro ja bing"Their XLB is alright. There are so many of these soup dumpling places popping up now, it's totally the new White person fad. haha! Joe's Shanghai's XLB is always my favorite because of their molten lava of lard that comes out. I go to Nan Xiang when I need a change then I come here when I need a change then go back to Joe's and the cycle starts over. What makes this place different is their GIANT SOUP DUMPLING with a straw!It's a novelty, I can't see anyone getting it more than once because it's all soup. Definitely order it though!Their fried tiny buns are a little bigger than I'm used too and not very juicy but good enough. I really miss the way that lady with the street cart in the late 90's made them on 41st Ave by the parking lot. The beef with scallion pancake is great as well!
This is our family's go-to restaurant for shanghai foods. They make really authentic soup dumplings and steamed chicken. They are usually really busy and every time we had to wait for a little bit, maybe 10 mins, but they bring the foods out pretty quick after you order.
Expect a wait.Shanghai You Garden is very, very popular, but with very good reason. We were quoted about half an hour, but it ended up being around 20 minutes. Luckily, they have ample seating in their waiting area, with chairs lined up against the wall. The restaurant itself is long, but the front is half kitchen and half waiting area.First thing's first - check in on Yelp or Foursquare and you'll get a free order of soup dumplings. Actually, they don't really care because they have a poster on the wall saying the same thing. They'll just comp you an order no matter what.Our dumplings took a bit to come out, so we actually got some premade appetizers first. The first was the jellyfish with turnip and the second was the fried bean gluten. The fried bean gluten was tasty (and a Celiac sufferer's worst nightmare). Had some sweetness to it and a chewy texture. Wasn't a big fan of the jellyfish though.Also got the scallion pancakes, which needed more salt, but were otherwise thick and pretty hefty.Then the soup dumplings came. We ordered a free one of the pork and paid for the crab. The pork was the better of the two, but both were great. A little flimsy, but filled to the brim. On par with the Joe's Shanghai in Flushing, if not a tiny bit better.For our mains, we shared a bunch of stuff - the noodle with beef and chili pepper (good and spicy), the pan fried udon noodles (simple, but great), the braised fish (really flavorful, but watch out for the bones), and some sort of pork shoulder (tender and in this great brown sauce).The booths here are actually really big, and we fit 5 people into one.The only thing that sucks is that there's only one bathroom, and there was a perpetual line.I would say if the wait is under half an hour, it's worth trying out. But any more than that, and it's just excessive. It's not like Flushing has a deficit of good restaurants!
Both of us were pleasantly surprised how beautifully balanced was everything we ordered. Things I've had many times many other places which are usually just satisfying but forgettable were, here, not just memorable but actually remarkable. The tendon and tripe, for example, was a masterpiece of perfection and presentation -- this is a longtime favorite of mine, and every aspect of it was absolutely spot on, although it's not as spicy as some, it's also not as oily as just about everywhere else, and, oh my gosh, the meats were so tender. Equally impressive were the superbly oceanic, unctuous, and succulent Crab with Pork "XLB" which were easily as good if not better than any I've ever had before. Just these two dishes alone would have me returning frequently and recommending this place to anybody who would listen, but the subtlety and suavity of the tofu and the noodles and the jellyfish with radish really helped to seal the deal with how thoroughly impressed we both were with everything. Even their house vinegar & chili are great! Also, when all of the staff are this gracious and attentive, I really cannot wait to return.
The restaurant was packed this Sunday because it is thee hot XLB place in Flushing. That is why I'm here!We waited until 2:30 PM, the tail end of lunch, to go in and eat.We still had to wait 20 mins after getting a number. They have a nice set of bench seating area which is very nice. By the time we got seated I was starving and will eat anything.First round is "Little fried buns" and "Scallion Pancakes" - The fried buns came out nice and hot but there was a lot of liquid inside and was very greasy; on the outside and the inside. They used too much oil. Rate 3/5The Scallion pancakes was bland; lacked taste and short on scallions. We asked for soy sauce or oyster sauce for the pancakes but they did not have any?! Rate 3/5.Next came the pork XLB, six in an order, was good. The favor is good and the soup was not too greasy; enjoyable. Rate 4/5We ordered a second dish of XLB.Vegetable XLB- not a lot of flavor in the filling but enjoyable. Rate 3/5Our last dish is the shredded pork on pan fried noodles. I immediately noticed the burned noodles on the edge of the dish. The pork was small in quantity and over whelmed with chopped Napa cabbage. There were mushrooms but it lack any mushroom flavor. Rate 3/5Decor- very clean and creative. Rate 5/5Service- language became a big problem because the waiters lack Cantonese or English skills. 3/5Restroom- a problem because there is only one so there was always a line waiting to go in; I know because was seated at the last table near it and saw all the action! The single restroom is also located right next the the plating area for the waiters so there was a constant conflict between the waiters and folks waiting to pee. Also when we were there they ran out of toilet paper! Overall my experience was not what I expected.
I am between a 2-star and 3-star rating. Since 2 star literally means "Meh. I've experienced better" that's what I'm going with. Maybe people are being generous because of the free basket of Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling)?I am not sure if I understand why people give Shanghai You Gardens such high ratings. We went today and we were not bowled over by the food. We ordered the pan fried pork buns which were beyond oily. It was so oily that it left a pool of oil on the table! That is just disgusting! I found the food difficult to eat because of the grease it was sitting on. We have had the pan fried pork bun dumplings in many other Shanghai restaurants in NYC and Philadelphia so we have others to compare it to. Never again at Shanghai You Gardens! The Scallion pancakes were crazy bland! There was no scallion taste at all. It was terrible. We were not given any sauce to flavor it. Was there even scallions in it??!!The Pan fried noodles with shredded pork was blah, no taste. Was that canned straw mushrooms? This dish was mad bland. I've had better pan fried noodles at Cantonese places. Ugh. It was difficult to eat. Vegetable dumplings were good but why is there a layer of oil again outside of the dumpling? I guess oil is their condiment of choice?My gosh at least the Xiao Long Bao's were decent. That was the saving grace of the meal we had. I was very disappointed by the meal in general. The service was spotty. Some of the waiters tried harder than others. Some ignored us, the one lady who finally helped us was pretty patient. She worked really hard to try to help us with our meal. I felt that was nice of her. Why is there one bathroom for a semi large restaurant? There were lines for the bathroom. Why is the bathroom entrance where they store the plates, cups and utensils??!! Weird placement. The line was in the way of the waiters, terrible layout.
Found this place on yelp when I was trying to search for non dim sum in Flushing. I went there with my 2 kids under 8 y.o. and mother.  We all loved the food.  They have a system while waiting to be seated. Once you get your number to wait for a table, you then get directed to sit on the bench and someone will give you a menu to look at. They will then take your order while waiting for a table. Once you get seated, the food you ordered while waiting for a table will start coming out one by one. Will definitely cone back. They have a big soup dumpling which we didn't order but would try out next time we go back!
The most authentic place I've ever been for Yangzi river/ shanghainese cuisine! So many awesome traditional dishes - make me miss home. The eel is great! And they have the best crab juicy bun. Most US places including ding tai fang that sell crab juicy buns have very strong fishy unpleasant flavor, but traditionally this dish should use river crab which is not available in US. Somehow the You Garden solves this problem - the flavor is perfect! Sweet crab taste mixed so well with pork - must have!
Soup dumplings were the best I've ever had. I plan to be back soon. Also - outside the place looks dirty, and my husband and I almost missed it. Inside it is a true gem. Great service, delicious hot tea, and great food.
This place is just ok, considering there are so many options in Flushing, if you have to wait I'd skip this place. Their dishes are a bit more on the sweet side. We got the free soup dumplings and didn't think it was that good.
There's always a long line in front of this restaurant so I never went in untill today. I only want to comment on the pork soup buns. The skin was too thick on both regular pork soup buns and the crab ones, and the "soup filled bun"that they let you drink with a straw was just bad. It taste like a watered down regular big meat bun , the soup in there has no taste. Cold dishes were ok, the deep fried rice cake was not even fried to golden color it came out pale color. Overall... not worth second a second time for me.
I love this place. Being Shanghainese myself, this place just makes me so happy, bringing back memories of the things I ate when I was a kid. The price is also super affordable. We ordered for 5 people: xiao long bao pork, xiao long bao crab, drunken chicken, some fish thing, stinky tofu, rice millet, you tiao, sweet soy bean drink, salty dou fu, Shanghai sheng jiang bao, jellyfish with turnips, pork moon cakes and green onion pancakes with beef. They didn't have Shanghai sao mai that day, sad!!! Everything was delicious. Biting into the xiao long bao and getting a ton of soup, amazing. Sheng jiang bao also had soup inside. The rice millet thing was just the right amount of saltiness, which at first I was worried that it was gonna be too bland, but nope, perfect. The stinky tofu, wow, legit smell. Only I eat this so everyone else at the table were holding their nose, which shows how legit this is. I wonder where they get the stinky tofu from since I haven't been able to find them anywhere else. Total ended up being around 80$ which is a steal for how much food we got.  Will definitely go back!
I have never walked down this street before until few days back and saw this restaurant. So the whole family tried it  day later for brunch. The food was wonderful if you don't mind the wait and the tight spaces. They got the system figured out, you ordered while you are waiting for table and you get served quickly once you sat down. We ordered all the typical Shanghai dishes and they are ALL excellent. The service is a bit lacking partially because we sat in the very front of the restaurant toward the street/entrance, the wait staff never come this way unless we motioned them. The restaurant is very brightly lit and feel inviting. I will definitely come to try some of their other dishes.
Considering flushing restaurants, the cleanness is great. The service was overall horrible.Let me start off saying I came here with 1 of my friend so there was 2 people total that came. We saw a booth that was open and we requested to sit there. However, they decline to let us sit there eventhough it wasn't even busy. We then ask them why we couldn't and they told us those tables were only for 6 people and more. If that was the case, why did we see another 2 people sat there? If it wasn't for my friend I would've had an argument with them. Like are you for real? Do have hate towards us?Food wise, the cold side dishes we ordered was great. The pancake wasn't as oily as other places and the cold dishes and the was awesome. (I recommend the pancake!!!!! Sooooo gooddddd!!) The free juicy pork bun was alright, the skin of the bun wasn't as good like it was left out. (Dried like) but it's free so won't complain. This place would've received 4 stars if it wasn't for the service.
Had the fish and preserved veggie soup and felt closer to god than any church has gotten me. Cheap, authentic, and super good.
Probably the best place to go to for soup dumplings and Shanghainese food in Flushing. The place is a little busy but with attentive and efficient staff it did not take long to start eating. The soup dumplings were much less oily than other places (both the crab, and the beef which come complimentary) and the scallion pancakes with sliced beef are a must. We also ordered the beef pan fried noodles and everything was excellent. The bill in the end was much lower than expected as well, which is always great.Truly transformed the flushing dining experience.
Came here to just get the sheng Jian bao and the xlb, then realized they give you the xlb for free! But there was a $10 minimum so...we ordered the jellyfish too. Sheng Jian bao...could be fried more. Too much breaking compared to meat and not crispy. The jellyfish was also pretty meh, it came with some radish and was nothing special. The star for sure is the xlb. It is rather big compared to other ones. The inside was very juicy and once you poke a hole in it, the whole spoon is immersed in the nice soup.
No doubt this is one of the best Shanghainese dumpling restaurant around.  There are usually a long waiting line. The staffs will provide you with manus and ready to take your order while you are waiting. Your dishes and delicious dumplings will be served shortly after you are seated. Their system are quite efficient and worth the wait.They are different choices of Shau Lon Pau  (Shanghainese steam dumplings). Nevertheless they are all made with very thin dumpling skin and to encapsulated very tasty soup and pork filling (caution: very hot).
The best soup dumpling (xiao long bao) I've had in Flushing NY. From the chewy skin, to the flavorful meat and delicious flavorful soup. One great thing I like about this hidden gem is that the food doesn't make me thirsty when I leave the restaurants. Normally when eating at many restaurants in flushing the additional salt or msg in their foods forces me to chug water when I leave. Another benefit to this place is they have a free Yelp offer that's limited time only for a free xiao long bao order with a purchase of some $$ amount I don't recall. They have other foods that are tasty and delicious such as the scallion pancakes, udon noodles and soups. The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. Other places in Flushing such as joe Shanghai are more crowded with expensive prices and less than decent food. Come here to get your soup dumpling fix and you won't be dissatisfied.
A new competitor has entered the soup dumpling ring in Flushing! Soup dumpling lovers like us get more unique choices! Win! Located just across the street from the Westbound exit of the LIRR - Main Street Flushing spot. Decor is very impressive with a Chinese calligraphy poem spreading the ceiling with red vase cut-outs wall on one side and paintings on the other. Whether your seat preference is are the booths or benches, it's available! My companion and I came here on a Monday evening for dinner. We were able to snatch the last available table before the 7:00 pm dinner crowd floods in. With a $10.00 or more purchase at table service, your party will receive a free basket of six steamed soup dumplings! Stop reading! Pause! Go there now! My companion and I shared a great variety of their popular dishes such as the Cold Appetizers - Seaweed with Garlic and Cucumber with Garlic. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Buns, Steamed Vegetable Dumplings, Little Hot Pepper Beef Dried Noodles, Soy Milk, and of course the Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings. Cold Appetizers can come half and half of two choices instead of just one entire dish of the same one. This is a great opportunity to try all what they have to offer. I did like what I picked out! Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Buns were so beautifully plated! It was nicely fried and topped with black sesame seeds and scallions. Be warned that it is still scorching hot upon arrival and you should take a small bite first - not the whole thing! I loved how crispy the bottom was and how soft on the inside it was. And yes, meat portion is generous! Steamed Vegetable Dumpling. Yes, I am serious and not only it is healthy tasting but it is tasty! It is minced with various leafy greens like chives - yes, very distinctive flavor of it. Also great with soy sauce and hot chili oil, if you don't believe in being healthy! Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings. This was a freebie basket with six soup dumplings! I was very impressed with the soup and the light gingery minced meat. There was a spoonful of soup and it is packed with flavor! The skin was on the thick side but I love dumpling skin, so it did not bother me too much. Little Hot Pepper Beef Dried-style Noodles. Overall flavor was spicy, tasty, and even the shredded beef was tender. This was good but I would get the noodle soup version next time. Complimentary sweet rice wine mochi for dessert. How generous! I must admit that their menu is almost identical to Nan Xiang; for rumor has it that the head chef now works here. Although, Nan Xiang still reigns as the top soup dumpling spot on my list but I would not hesitate to ditch them for this spot once in a while! Not to mention, there is something called good service exists here that Nan Xiang lacks!Side Note: Corner 28 take-out plastic bags cracks me up! Obviously, they are under the same ownership! Haha!
Long wait for soup dumplings... o.m.g With that being said Soup dumplings were plump and delicious. If you check in on yelp or just mention about it, you get free Pork soup dumplings on the house. Dishes to order:Beef tendonscrab meat soup dumplingsSalted soy bean curdSkip out on the Beef & chilli pepper noodles. Noodles were too soggy and very little beef.We asked for a bowl of rice three times from 3 different waiters and never received it. We said it in english and chinese. I'm not sure whats so hard to comprehend.
I came on a Thursday evening around 7pm with a friend and it was pretty busy in the restaurant but we were seated immediately. Waiters and waitresses were very attentive. A huge advantage is that the menu has a lot of pictures. We ordered 1 order of crab soup dumplings and an order of pork soup dumplings. We also got the scallion pancake with beef and beef udon stir fry. I have to admit, I was pretty impressed. This place exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be returning. Everything was delicious. It's a cash only restaurant and I'm not too sure how long the yelp deal will last but if you check in, you can get an order of soup dumplings free!! It can't get any better then that.
Gotta say. It has been a long time since i tried a new restaurant around town and the experience was great am around. The line was long but they had a really good number management system and although there was about 15 people ahead of us for a smaller restaurant, we were seated in about 10 minutes. What was a little shady but worked out pretty well, is they gave us menus to look at while we were waiting, didn't rush us or pressure us, but took our order and our food came to our table within 5 minutes of sitting down. Not bad and the food was piping out and came out very fresh. Aside from decor, the food reminded me a lot like Din Tai Fung. Flavors were new/ clean/ refreshing, and menu was very authentic and every dish we ordered was well prepared and very delicious. They had traditional breakfast items like congee/ sides/ soy bean milk and a very extensive menu with lots of options. If you spend more than $10 - they give you a free order of steamed pork soup dumplings which in itself is tyically about $6-$7. They didn't rush us out but quick turnover was important to them for obvious reasons. All in all, service, food, and prices were all very good. The only issue which is typical of Flushing is that they only take cash. But if that's not a problem, then you will have a very good overall experience.
Great place for dinner! Joe's Shanghai and Nan Xiang better watch out because You Garden is in town and they are here to make a statement.I came here last night with a party of 4 and we were highly surprised at how good the meal was! We definitely over ordered, but I would definitely recommend: steam pork buns, steamed crab meat pork buns, pan-fried dumplings, fried bean gluten, cucumber & garlic, deep fried yellow croaker with diced seaweed (don't knock this one until you try it), spicy beef & tripe, and noodle with beef & chili pepper. The restaurant was quite busy when we arrived so one annoying thing was we had to keep waving our hand to get one of the waiters over, found that quite annoying especially seeing the waiters help other tables and then zip out of the floor before we could get their attention. But the free steam pork buns we got for checking in on Yelp totally made up for it, I mean that's basically what made us want to try this place in the first place, but we were way more surprised with how delicious the food tasted. Cool thing we even got to meet the owner! They also have free wifi, which has their username and password up on the wall but with delicious food in front of you, you ain't got time to be using wifi. Coming back soon!!
Decided to take a risk and try out a different Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing yesterday evening, since we've only been to the 2 establishments (Nan Xiang and Kung Fu) that we know of.  Not to mention, I pulled this place up on Yelp and saw, besides the rave reviews, that they were offering a free steamer of pork soup dumplings upon checking in.  Free food? Why not?We were seated right away despite the room being seemingly packed.  Apparently, everyone in the front were either waiting for take-out or larger tables to seat bigger parties, so couples - don't be afraid, there is room for you!  The tables were also big enough to hold plenty of dishes, perfect for fatties like myself.  May I add, their soup dumpling spoon is huge!  So do some lip stretches before you come here because you will need to expand those babies up.We ordered the pork and crabmeat soup dumplings, along with a spicy beef brisket cold dish, chicken soup, and pork with salted cabbage noodle soup.  Even though the skin on the dumplings were a tad thicker than usual, they were quite flavorful.  I love how the big spoon prevents spillage for the non-soup-dumpling-eating-experts.  The beef brisket was also tasty - perfect amount of heat and less greasy than ones I've had.  The chicken soup and noodle soup were okay, but forgettable.  They also served us complimentary dessert, a "tong sui" that resembles "tong yuen" with goji berries.  It was nice of them but neither of us were fans.  It tasted strange.  Couldn't place a finger on it.Service was decent, but the wait staff needs to practice their Engrish.  Besides that and the dessert, we were rather pleased and would come again!
The restaurant is pleasant on the eye when you first walk in-it's clean and well-lit. Upon sitting down at the booth, you realize the table is too far from your set. It must have been a foreshadowing of the unsatisfying dinner to come for my family and I. To be honest, we didn't get the usual XLB and noodle dishes, but the quality of the food presented to us was terrible. Serving sizes of the cold appetizers were also small.We ordered some sort of sweet and spicy fried whole fish in which the sauce didn't mask how tasteless the fish was. Another dish we tried was an eel dish in a brown sauce and it was hard to ignore the fishy, "dead" taste it had. The free order of XLB was nice but nothing special. The next free dish, which was the dessert soup, was just plain weird. Upon the first sip, the alcohol in it was overwhelming and it shocked me because I initially assumed it would be something sweet. It was something I would have passed on even know it was complimentary. The best thing that we had was the turnip puff, a small part of our meal.
Service - 1/1 StarGreat service, everyone was super friendly and willing to help with any issues or orders you may have. Everyone at the Shanghai You Garden is your waiter/waitress, they were there to ensure you were comfortable at all times. Pricing and Quantity - 2/2 StarsGood pricing, nothing is expensive, but nothing was cheap. They are a medium grade establishment so all prices were acceptable. The quantity of food per dish was very acceptable. I ordered the Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings) and they were 4 of them. All good portion sizes, filled to the brim with shrimp. Also took two orders of Crab Meat Steamed Soup Bun and Pork Meat Steamed Soup Bun. 6 per order lot, but for the price point, it was very acceptable.Quality - 1/2 StarsThe items off the menu I ordered was Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings), two lots of Crab Meat Steamed Soup Bun, two lots of Pork Meat Steamed Soup Bun, and Soup Filled Bun (House Special). The Har Gow was great: the dough wasn't too thick, the shrimp was abundant and perfectly seasoned. The Crab Meat and Pork Meat Steamed Soup Buns were very fresh and not a single soup bun arrived broken, they all contained a copious amount of soup. The issue on why Shanghai You Garden didn't receive full stars in the quality section would result from the house special - Soup Filled Bun, it's an awful rip off of what a traditional steamed soup bun is. The Soup Filled Bun is exactly what it sounds like. A steamed bun filled with soup, no meat. The soup is terribly seasoned and half the soup is pretty much straight oil. Definitely not an item to order.Total Stars 4/5Definitely would recommend this restaurant if you're in the area and you're craving for some Steamed Soup Bun and wouldn't mind spending a little money. Cash only. Stay away from the Soup Filled Bun.
The xiaolongbao here at shanghai you garden are great.  Good balance of meat and soup.  The flavor could be a bit more intense for the crab/pork one, but, overall i was very satisfied.  Chicken marinated in rice wine needed a lot more cooking time as the meat and tendon was not properly broken down and mostly inedible, the flavors of the marinade were not bad.Tripe is delicious but a tad too sweet for my tastes (yes shanghainese food typically errs on the sweet side) as was the scallion and beef pancake (was a bit soggy the day i went).Bringing more friends back to give it another try.Also, two weeks ago I returned from a 5 day trip in Shanghai that was filled with family and food.  I was pretty disappointed in most of the places i remembered from 10 years ago.  My only guess is that the rapid expansion of modern restaurants and fusion / western spots is capturing a majority of the chinese millenials... leaving the traditional and touristy spots to rot... and people dont care about quality anymore (typical chinese)... had xiaolongbao from 4 different spots including the spot in YuYuan and it all sucked.  Nothing like it was before.  Shanghai you garden surprisingly is better than most places in Shanghai.  Sad state of chinese affairs.
The block is really skeevy, with women in 40s offering massages. The people at You Garden were cordial and eager to please, and the food tasted pretty good,  but I got such a dose of MSG! Went in with a very empty stomach, ready to chow down. We enjoyed the food pretty well, though the dumplings weren't the greatest. After about 20 minutes, though, when the food got to my stomach, my heart starting racing, skin got clammy, and my jawline got that uncomfortable tingle that means it's MSG. For about a minute, I could hardly speak as I rode that chemically-induced wave. My friend said I looked really pale. Maybe it's an allergic reaction, because he was not affected. It was like having a seizure. It happened about an hour ago, and I'm over it, but there's no reason for me to go back.
The best spot in the middle of flushing. If you want a glimpse into delicious Shanghai style food this is the place to go. Service is great most of the time and the prices are even better. Make sure to order $10 worth of food to then get a free tray of pork soup dumplings.
Food is good.  Service used to be better.  The way they handle take out is just terrible.  We called in for an order at one time. Food still wasn't ready after almost an hour.   Dine-in is priority for them.  Also, beware of the way they calculate your bill.  We ordered a dish for take out after dining in.  The waiter included the take out dish to the dine in bill, which was OK; but they also calculated the 15% service charge on the entire bill.   We thought it wasn't correct but paid it anyway.  What gets us more upset was the waiter decided it was not enough, $5 tip on a $30 bill.  He harassed us for another $2.  My family used to go to this restaurant frequently when it was first opened.  We are no longer patrons there due to the service.    Plenty of choices elsewhere.
Excellent soup dumplings. Very nice atmosphere. Scallion pancake with beef was incredible. I also love the scallion and onion bun. Loves the fried fish with seaweed also.
As you walked into a very clean establishment with beautiful decor and ceiling hunged with Chinese calligraphy. The booths were taken but the server seated us at a half booth and chairs table. My mom ordered up a storm as she's an ultimate foodie without writing reviews. She ordered Fried Bean Gluten, Chicken with Wine Sauce, Pork Xiao Long Bao, Pork & Crab Xiao Long Bao (my favorite), and Pork Chop Noodle Soup. I love the tiniest of the soup dumpling wrapper...bite a little hole then suck up the delicious soup *hubba hubba* I lost count of how many I ate but it was so yummy as I was under the weather. The Pork Chop was kept separate from the noodle soup which always good. The broth was very tasty and warmhearted for my cold. The Pork Chop was so crispy and noodles were really thin along with Bok Choy. My ordered the Braised Fish and Braised Deep Fried Round Hoof to go. Apparently its under the same ownership as Corner 28. I am dreaming of coming back for some more delicious food!
I tried this place at the recommendation of my boss. You Garden is now my recommendation for xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) in Flushing. In my opinion, You Garden seems to have slightly better food and service than its competitors.Dishes we've had:- Crab Xiaolongbao (螃粉小龍寶): You Garden's version is a thin-skinned dumpling with a rich and flavorful broth. By comparison, Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao's xiaolongbao is very good, too, with a more delicate skin, but muted broth. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao's version also has a flavorful broth, but thicker skin all around. In general, get one order for every 2 people in your party. You Garden supplies an empty condiment dish with thin ginger strips for each person, meant to hold vinegar. It's a small detail sometimes absent at other restaurants.- Cucumber and Garlic (脆囗青瓜): The restaurant's version comes with cilantro. Recommended (unless you have an aversion to cilantro).- Beef Pan Fried Udon Noodle (牛肉粗炒麵): This version is less greasy and has more meat and vegetables compared to surrounding restaurants. Recommended.- Special Spare Ribs with Garlic Sauce (蒜香骨): Deep fried goodness. One rib per order.- Fermented Glutinous Rice Dumpling (酒釀圓子):  Complementary dessert of glutinous rice balls with wolfberries in a rice-wine congee soup. An unusual taste more suited to adults than children, but a delightful dessert nonetheless.Logistics:You Garden is generally crowded, but they make efficient use of wait time. They generally ask you to review the menu and order while you are waiting to be seated, such that your food comes in a timely manner shortly after you are seated. The trade-off for inexpensive, high-quality food is customer turnover -- this is not a place to have a slow dinner. The restaurant staff would like to you eat your meal comfortably, but then leave shortly afterwards to make room for waiting customers.Other:MSG, if used, was undetectable.Overall: Five stars, for great food, efficient service, and a clean, well-decorated, and comfortable environment.
Ordered two orders of the crab pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake yesterday at around noon. I don't know how they cook these things but I got sick within a couple of hours and now I'm up in the middle of the night with pain. Also long wait for this take out order.
I was there with my family during the late afternoon, to try their steamed pork buns and other items.When we got there, it wasn't packed with a lot of people, so that was a good thing.We ordered several items like Soup Filled Bun, Fried Stinky tofu, along with scallion pancake and chicken in cold wine sauce.The foods was delicious and the price was worth it.The staff gave us a free order of steamed pork buns.Overall, if you want to have a relax and enjoyable meal with your family, this is the place.
Small hidden dim sum place.  You can actually watch them make the fresh dumplings right there.  The food is great but not sure if it suppose to taste like the Shanghai style or it lacks a little flavor.  Customer service is excellent.
I love this place. It's outside doesn't do it justice. The restaurant itself is really large and can fit many tables. It's clean, the workers are friendly, prices are cheap, and the free soup dumpling deal is bomb. I love having a worthy option other than Nan Xiang. The noodles, dumplings, soups - they're all good. They always give you a rice wine mochi for dessert. I personally don't like it, but I think it's just an acquired taste. They are CASH ONLY but there is an ATM inside.I can't wait to try the individual large dumpling that you drink with a straw.
I am Shanghainese and the food served here is really authentic depending on what you get. The steamed soup dumplings are amazing!!! Take advantage of the free dumplings if you order over $10 for dine-in. The shanghainese meatballs are also really flavorful and good, better paired with rice to reduce the saltiness. Highly recommend the pan fried pork buns as well!! The bottom is very crispy and the filling is delicious and juicy.I personally enjoyed the stinky tofu but the sauce it came with was a little disappointing, it isn't as thick and flavorful as it should be. The Shanghainese lomein is also a bit of a let down, but then again, I haven't found anywhere that makes it really well and authentic.Overall, I recommend this place but know what you want and do research on what you should get!
This place is definitely better than other Shanghainese restaurants in the area but I must say...some of the waitresses were extremely rude and even pushy since my party of three only ordered 5 dishes which is apparently not enough to them. The rude service bumps them down to three stars but I would say the food redeems the poor service.The soup dumplings definitely had lots of flavor and soup! (And they're free with your meal too which is great!). The taro cakes were bit of a let down since there wasn't much flavor to them but paired with the hot sauce that was provided on the tables, it was much better! The spring rolls are much better than the taro cakes. The hainanese chicken was also quite tasty.Overall, the dining area is really comfortable and the food is quite good, just watch out for some of those nasty waitresses who seem to really hate their job.
Excellent!Went there for the first time, after noticing the lack of super-long lines this particular morning, with the wife and a 1.5 year old.Soybean Milk - Excellent, smooth flavor, not watered down, and could not detect any particles that you sometimes find from lesser vendors. Superb quality!Scallion Pancakes - Very good, thin & flaky, not too thick nor overly fried.Youtiao (Chinese Fried Dough) - Pretty good as well - hot upon arrival. Could be crispier though, but since it would be dipped into the soybean milk before consumption, does not matter.Shanghai Shao Mai - Dim sum with sticky rice, excellent and well-made. The little one loved it (she has very selective taste buds).Fried Pork Dumplings & Vegetable Dumplings - Was too full after the above to try them. But looked great! Took them home.Steamed Pork Buns - BONUS! Was given an order for free, we didn't realize until they arrived & reviewed the check thereafter. Phenomenal, perfect composition of thin outer layer while the internal contents were perfectly hot and juicy!We'll definitely come back often and bring friends!
Amazing spot for cheap and authentic Shanghainese dim sum. This is literally the only place I go to every time I'm in flushing. If we lived closer I would come here every week. Doesn't hurt that there's free soup dumplings for every table that orders $10 or more.
Ok... I know I'm supposed to fall in love with their xiao (sil) long bao, aka soup dumplings... So here's a twist!Logistics: parking is beyond horrendous in Flushing (for ages!), so park at Sky View Mall (best option), speed walk over to Shanghai You Garden (bonus: if this place is beyond pack, head over to the New World Mall food court and feast!).  We didn't want the lunch crowd so we aimed for an early brunch, arrived at 10:45am, no wait.  The booth seatings are huge, comfy for a party of 4 or 6... Food: (thanks Yelp check-in offer! Free pork soup dumplings) - total bill w/ tip: $64 (pretty darn cheap eats!) -crabmeat soup dumplings: tasty but when I peeked inside, there's like a tiny spat of crab meat... (Not over flowing like the ones at E Noodle).-pan fried pork dumplings: skins are too thick... Family loved it, but I prefer my fried dumplings with thinner skins for extra crispiness. The filling was ok, too much pork, would be nice to have some chives in it. -stir fry rice cake w/ preserved (snow) cabbage & slice pork: signature Shanghainese dish, this one was good, a bit oily but well seasoned. -noodle soup w/ preserved (snow) cabbage & slice pork: also very good, loved the flavor. -scallion pancakes: crispy, flavorful, family loved it. (We didn't get the one w/ beef bc we ordered too much already).-fried yellow croacker w/ seaweed: this was too oily but I really liked the texture of the fish, HOWEVER becareful as there were many tiny little bones! -Jelly Fish w/ Pickled Radish: Effing Amazing! I love Jelly Fish, I love pickles radish, hence I Totally Loved this dish! This dish alone gives them 4 stars. The taste is very refreshing, palate tantalizing and seriously just good. I took away 1 star for: a) "semi rushed service", I get you want a fast turn around but look at your audience, we ordered so much food, there was no way we could have finished in 15-20 mins... No need to "eye ball us".  b) forgetting to refill our tea pot, even though we did the "traditional" signal of 'our pot is empty' w/ the lid on top of the pot. c) what happened to the free dessert? Maybe bc we were having lunch & not dinner? But how come some customers got free "tong shiu"? Oh well... We were too full anyway. I would trek out to Flushing again for the Jelly Fish dish! Happy "soup dumpling" eating Yelpers!
We didn't need to check in to get a free order of xlbs. We added an order of xlbs with crab, spicy beef and tripe, and scallion pancake stuffed with beef to round out our starters. For main courses, we chose the crystal shrimp and grandma style pork.The xiao long bao were good, if not quite as perfect as the ones at Nan Xiang. They were at perfect temperature and did not stick to the steamer. The spicy beef and tripe was pretty tender, and the level of heat hit the spot. The killer app was that stuffed pancake. I saw Andrew Zimmern stand in a line in for 45 minutes to snag something similar from a Shanghai street vendor. I can't imagine that the one he had was all that much better than this one, which was savory, flaky and crisp. The crystal shrimp were, as I suspected sort of like har kow filling but with whole shrimp, a nice portion of good seafood. The pork proved to be stewed pork belly, not too fat in a mild sauce. Almost like barbecue.Service was very good. I would certainly return.Cash only.
I've always gone to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao on prince street because that is my favorite place to get soup dumplings. But my cousin had brought me to this place, and oh man, it was worth it. They have very similar stuff on their menu to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, with a few unique additional items that I'd highly recommend (see pictures). The soup dumplings tasted just as great and none of them broke. Also it was awesome that they give a free order of soup dumplings with a check in on Yelp. Among my favorite dishes are the Fried Bean Gluten, Cucumber&Garlic, and the Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed to name a few. I wasn't disappointed at all with this place and will definitely be bringing my friends to join me the next time I go. The service was also on point. We had a 30 minute wait for a table (party of four on a Friday night), but while you wait they can take your order. As soon as we sat down within 5-10 minutes all of our dishes were coming to our table, which also really won me over with this place. I'm glad to have a new soup dumpling place to go to in Flushing!
The food hit the spot!  The waiter offered the free xiao loong baos w/o us even mentioning it. Can't beat free food!  They were actually really good. We had jellyfish, cukes, fried gluten, beef scallion pancakes and the baos. All was delicious and we saw lots more that we wanted to try. Aside from the long wait, and the bothersome flies, the meal was pretty good. Outside the restaurant was another story, the street is so stinky, garbage laden, prob the source of the fly.  Why can't they do something about the garbage?
Great food and good service compared to other restaurants in the area. Definitely get the beef and pepper noodles! You get free soup dumplings with any order above $15 so plan accordingly.
Food: I especially liked their beef scallion pancake which was crispy but yet chewy and wrapped around a good amount of beef. The pan fried pork buns were the closest to what I had in Shanghai. Their large meatballs, while perhaps a little too doused in sauce, were delicious as well! Service: Quick! I came with a party of 9.Hygiene: pretty good for Flushing Chinatown
I'm quite glad that this place is slightly hidden (in the alley area that everyone hates going to), because it is SO much better than Nan Xiang Dumpling Place-- good quality food along with a better looking restaurant + no lines.I don't know how long this promotion is going to last, but you basically get one basket of free soup dumplings (super worth-- I saw a lady come in and order a tiny little appetizer just for the soup dumplings). The menu selection looks similar to that of Nan Xiang, but comes with more variety and selection. The restaurant is also GORGEOUS, the decor is amazing.All in all, the food tastes good and the price is right + no wait + neat looking atmosphere.
Best Dim-sum in the tri-state area! I have always just assumed that China-town would be the place to get Dim-sum, but I have recently learned that Chinatown is nothing short of a tourist trap. I know that the quick trip to Canal Street is more convenient for NYC residents, but you will pay double as much for half the quality. The dim-sum from Shanghai You Garden was out of this world!! With the free round of pork buns for checking in on Yelp, you can leave with a full belly for $15 per person. If you are looking for the real-deal "authentic" dimsum, I promise you the trip is worth it. I also tried jellyfish for the first time, which was  phenomenal. I would not have ordered such an exotic dish from an establishment that I do not trust.
If you order more than $10, you get a free pork soup dumplings. Im sold. My friend and I got the spicy beef and tripe as appetizers, the pork and cabbage noodles, and crabmeat soup dumplings. The food was really delicious. The environment is clean and it does get busy through out the night.  Our server was a bit rude to us in the beginning, which got me a bit upset. But at least, we weren't being rushed to finish our meal and pay. Despite that, I'll still come back for dinner.  Remember to bring some cash since it doesn't accept credit cards.
My first visit was quite pleasant but the second not so much.My friends and I order the crab/pork soup dumplings (we got the free check-in pork soup dumplings), rice cake with preserved cabbage, and spicy bamboo shoots. The food was pretty good and it's cheap. Our meal came out to approx. $21. I would only come back for the cheap food. The service like any other Chinese place sucks. Rude people who forgets your order and try to rush you out. They also did not give us our free dessert. ***Make sure you check in to redeem your free dumplings!
Whenever my Shanghainese relatives are in town, I always take them out here. The food is great and the servers are actually Shanghainese! Every single meal I've had here has been a great experience.
Good food BUT slow service and bad communication between staff. I ordered two simple fried dishes to go for Thanksgiving with my family. I stepped out and bought outside dishes from other restaurants. Returned half an hour later (WITH the outside dishes already in hand) and still ended up waiting for my dishes. Another time, I came with my family. We ordered a lot and decided to take some left over buns home. We waited for the waiter to return, only to find out 15 minutes later... ALL the staff seemed to be clueless about the existence of our take out. They stood around waiting to see if we recognized which staff may have took it. They're JUST buns!!! Why couldn't they believe us, apologize and give us new buns, and then send us home? I have no clue. But this place needs to get their s--- together. Always disappointing experiences.
This place is nice because they give you a lot of free stuff. There is a wait, but it's not super long. I really like their cold appetizers (beef tendons, vegetables.) It really is quite similar to nan xiang but it is more posh and seems cleaner. The price point is similar. We ordered the shen jiang tang bao, but they said it would take a long time. For our trouble, they said they would give us a free steamer of pork XLB in addition to the shen jiang bao. Then at the end, we got free dessert as well. We were so full! I had a great time here, the only thing is I wouldn't come here with a group because they seem to rush you along a little.
This place has pretty good soup dumplings. I still do not think their soup dumplings beat the ones at Nan Xiang Dumpling House. A little pricer too. I went there just for the huge sized soup dumpling, which was eh. It was pricy (~$4-5) and it did not taste that great. My friends and I got it mainly for the pictures! We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, shanghai house special noodles, szechuan wontons, and some rice cakes. All were mediocre!
Wow, where do I begin with all the things we ordered here? I cam here with a few friends for a Flushing half-day trip (it's far for us Manhattanites!) and we ordered the you-tiao, two orders of the XLB, the fried pork buns, a noodle dish, scallion pancakes with meat inside, some dim sum, and a fried red bean paste dessert. But really, the XLB is the reason to come here. Needless to say we were completely full from all the delicious food. None of us ate for the rest of the day. Oh, and the bill came out to $12/person. That makes me happy
In a crowded area of really great Asian food, this place fared pretty well.  I only ordered the pork soup dumplings and the rice cakes.  The soup dumplings were good but not the best Flushing has to offer.  The skin was very thin and more than half broke apart from the chopsticks to the spoon transition.  Which to me was a real bummer because I totally dig the explosion of juiciness that occurs when the skin doesn't break.  The dumplings are however a little lighter in fattiness compared to Joe's Shanghai or Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  I prefer the richness of those places but that's just me.  The rice cake with shredded pork was good and a little less oily than some of the other places I've tried, but they were also a bit more bland.All in all, it was still a pretty solid place and had the dumpling skin been just a tad thicker, I would have bumped this up to 4 stars.
The soup dumplings are superb and the noodles were fresh. I had the pan fried noodles and the beef udons. They were really good. They have a  The price can't be beat. It will be hard to find parking nearby. It gets so busy that food service can be a bit rushed. Can't knock the hustle. You may have to wait outside and they will pressure you to order before you sit if you come during busy hours on the weekend.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House has always been my go-to place in Flushing but I am no longer going there after discovering this place. Below is the comparison: Service: Winner - You Garden Efficiency of line: Winner - You Garden Physical environment: Winner - You GardenCrispy Noodle: Winner - You GardenCrab Soup Dumpling: Winner - Nan XiangRegular Soup Dumpling: Winner - You GardenPork and Vegetable Wonton: Winner - you Garden Soy Milk: Tied Overall Experience: Clear Winner - You GardenI really appreciated the fact they seated us without the whole party present as most places require everyone be there before they are willing to seat you. Additionally, they give you a free regular soup dumpling (6 pieces) if you spend $10 plus a free traditional Shanghainese dessert (fermented wine rice ball). Can't wait to go back again!!
I've ordered from here a couple of times but haven't been to there to dine in until today. We were so hungry we forgot to take pictures. The soup dumplings are so good that you don't even need the sauce to go with it. I have always been to Nanxiang and now I've fallen in love with this place. I personally think You's soup dumplings are a bit better than other places around the area. Only thing is that they don't accept cards. Definitely coming back when I'm craving soup dumplings!
The soup dumplings were great here! Compared to the rest of flushing the service here was pretty friendly. The restaurant was clean and the food was good. We got the rice cake noodles with pork, pork soup dumplings and the giant soup dumpling which was ehhh but only because it did not have meat in it and it was a little oily for my taste. Otherwise good decent sized soup dumpling restaurant!
Good Shanghainese food! It is extremely popular so expect a long wait. I came here with my family on a Monday for lunch and we waited about an hour. It's frustrating though because they tell everyone that it's about a 20-25 minute wait when in reality you can see at least 8-10 parties ahead of you. On the window, they write in Chinese that if your wait time is over an hour, you get a free order of pork soup dumplings so I imagine basically everyone gets a free order. We ordered a variety of dishes:- Pork soup dumplings (free) and crab & pork soup dumplings: The star of the show. I definitely recommend the crab and pork ones over just pork because it is much richer. The soup inside is bursting with flavor and the skin is just the right chewiness and thickness to contain it all. Also love the little dispensers for vinegar and separate bowls for eating soup dumplings so it's less messy! - Fried pork buns: Very crisp and flavorful, but it was extremely greasy. When you bite into the bun, the oil coats your mouth and overpowers everything else. - Spicy beef tendon: One of my favorite appetizers. They portion is quite generous and the tendon is thinly sliced and chilled. I do wish it were a little spicier, but it goes well with the hot sauce that they have on the table. - Scallion pancake: Pretty standard, not too greasy and very crispy. - Turnip puffs: These came out still warm and the puff was very flakey and buttery. I didn't really care for the turnip filling, but my family loved them. - Rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetable: I was disappointed that this dish didn't really have much flavor and was a bit bland, since it's a staple in Shanghai cuisine. It was also a bit too greasy. The service is quite good compared to similar Chinese restaurants and the seating is roomy and comfortable. All in all, Shanghai You Garden is a great option for Shanghai cuisine but I don't think it's worth the long 1+ hour waits. However, I do believe it's worth checking out if you're in the area and it's not packed!
The food is reasonably price but very palatable, definitely one of the best southern Chinese cuisines  in Flushing. The newly renovated dinning area and friendly wait staffs are a huge plus.
The service and food was ok. They give free xiao long bao if you order more than $10. The place always packed especially dinner time. Cash only.
Stopped by here for breakfast, pretty excited they were open so early. Of course I ordered the soup dumplings, which were in fact, delicious. A side dish I tried out was the shanghai shu mai. Definitely different from the shu Mai that I am used to (I'm a basic dim sum-er). Overall very clean spot given it's flushing. I would definitely come back for the soup dumplings.
Probably one of the best soup dumplings place you can find in Flushing if not NYC. What can go wrong when they give you a free order of soup dumplings when you order $10 or more?! The crab dumplings are my favorite. The wait staffs are nice. Decor fits the theme. Price is fair. Yup, my go to spot!
Clean environment, tasty food. Xiao Long Bao and Shanghai Smoked Fish are must haves.
Who gives out free soup dumplings with any order of $10 +? This restaurant does!! The food is pretty good especially the beef scallion pancakes and vegetable dumplings. Long line to get in during lunch and dinner time so that's the only con I can think of.
Trekked here to see if it was better than the Manhattan XLB options, or Nan Xiang in Flushing.Concluded that I don't need to go to Flushing for XLB anymore. Shanghai You Garden is a nice restaurant, with above average ambience (by comparison, Nan Xiang is a dive) and friendly service. While the dumplings are tasty, the skins are thicker and the filling not quite as good as other places like Nan Xiang in Flushing, or any of the Manhattan options.Manhattan XLB options have come a long way. In midtown, Kung Fu Ramen makes my favorite XLB at the moment (only problem - they are stingy with the chili bean sauce if they have it at all). Thin wrapper, very flavorful filling. Downtown, Shanghai Heping makes XLB worth traveling for, Joe's Shanghai is still delicious, and Shanhgai Cafe & 456 are good too.
Best Shanghainese food I've had in the States.  For a Westerner, I have half a clue, my wife is Shanghainese and we go there annually. Delicious, every dish was great. Prices very reasonable, soup dumplings better than Joe's Shanghai, with a delightful smokey note to them. And, in an unusual twist for American Chinese restaurants, PLEASANT SERVICE WITH A SMILE. My wife and daughter were there too, and give it the authentic thumbs up!
The soup dumplings were complimentary. The broth was good and they were generous with the pork. We also had an eel dish which did not taste like eel. Lots of flavor and enjoyable. The udon fried noodle dish was ok and seemed small and is really good as an individual dish. The decor was nice but the utensils were a bit greasy so I'm not sure how well they clean the dishware. The waiters are not very attentive. We came on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was full. I can't imagine what it's like on weekends. Parking and traffic is terrible all around in flushing so plan on parking far or waiting for a spot for a long time.
Many dishes such as eel Shanghai style, browned fish, beat Joe Shanghai s, except crab Xiao Long bao.  Provides so many old Shanghai cuisines. One of the best Shanghainess  in Flushing. Always crowded though. No parking which makes going these is like a big event.
Yet another relatively new soup dumpling/shanghai restaurant popping up in Flushing, which gives moreee options! I decided to come here before their promotion is over, which is spend atleast $10 and you automatically get a free pork soup dumpling. I loveee xiao long baos (soup dumplings) and though I love Nan Xiang, I've been hearing the service and food has been lacking lately so I was compelled to give this place a shot... Plus rumors on the street was, the head chef of Nan Xiang went over here anyways... Have not yet got to find out how accurate that is though. SERVICE & AMBIANCE : the place is a smaller than Nan Xiang's and perhaps even a little smaller than Joe's... But the decor is very modern-Asian, with an open preparation window in the front where you see the ladies preparing the xiao long baos and cold appetizers in the display. The tables are big and nice, and some are separated in a semi-booth with an open feel. The service is much more attentive and quicker than Nan Xiang I must admit.FOOD: so yes, Kung Fu's and You Garden's menu is pretty identical to Nan Xiang's.Scallion pancake with beef - flaky, crispy, lightly battered and fried. Satisfying! The only thing I would nit-pick to its competitor Nan Xiang, is that the pancake itself was thicker and didn't wrap around the beef as properly as Nan's which = messier.Xlb Soup Dumplings - we ordered a crab one, and recieved a freebie of pork. I was impressed by the soup dumplings. It was super soupy and plump, the broth was good, skin was thin and soft, and the crab one had a good amount of crabmeat (still, none of them are as crabby as Joe's)Wine Chicken - I say pass on this. I've had much better wine chicken at other Shanghai establishments. The chicken was just hard, dry even for dark meat and super cold. We actually wanted to order the "shanghai special chicken" instead but they claimed no more dark meat... But it looked so good from the guy next to us who ordered it.Cucumbers w/ garlic - this is something I really love ordering everytime at Nan's. It's still very enjoyable and almost on par with Nan's from hereOver all, I'm already planning my next visit here to try the other food I normally love ordering but held back on such as the spicy beef with tendons and tripe, and other goodies on the menu! Everything smelled soo amazing and looked so good all around me from everyone. I have not tried Kung Fu for overall comparison to Nan's recently since I've heard from multiple people they're really falling off. But when I do and then try the rest of the menu, I sha'll post an updated review !
Shanghai You Garden has a very sleek, trendy interior that has very eastern influences. The restaurant is well air conditioned in the summertime, and the service is very quick. We were seated almost immediately, even though the restaurant was packed during lunchtime.I'm not usually a fan of dumplings (which, apparently, is Shanghai's specialty), but this place was an exception. As an appetizer, we had Garlic Cucumber, which was very flavorful and fragrant. I would highly recommend this to stimulate your appetite prior to the main courses, it's very refreshing. After that, we had sweetened soy milk, which was the smoothest, most creamy stuff I had ever had. For main dishes, we had Shanghai Stir Fried Udon, Seafood Noodle Soup, and a rice cake dish (forgot what it was called), and THREE orders of pork dumplings.Speaking of the pork dumplings, they were like little pouches of magic. My dad, who had frequented Shanghai before, instructed us to bit the topmost part off, let it cool a bit, suck out the juices and then eat the whole dumpling, skin and meat filling and all. I had maybe one dumpling, savoring the deliciously soupy insides. I looked over for more, but by the time I turned around, all three orders of dumplings (18 dumplings, since 6 come in each order) were already gone. That goes to show how good they are!They offer a deal where eating in and paying at least $10 for a meal will get you a free order of pork dumplings. I highly recommend that you use this to your advantage so you can sample one of their most famous wares for relatively little money.
This places is tucked in flushing, small venue dont be discouraged by the surroundings. I dont have to tell you that there is no parking nearby. There is hint of a stench of garbage out on the sidewalk but leav I ng that alone. Let me focus on the food experience. I walked in about 6:30pm on a friday night.  We had  party of 5ppl, so they gave us the funky room at the entrance of the restaurant which separates you from the main room. Kind of like a VIP room that they have. We starded with 2 appetizers,  the spicy tripe with  thinly sliced beef and the cucumber with garlic &  sesame oil. Both were very good. I was most amazed that the tripe was really clean and very tasty. Upon checking in with the yelp app, we got a 1 free order of soup buns but we are pigs so we order another order. The soup dumplings were delicious.  My brother in law was mode familiar with the menu so he order the braised pork shoulder with veggie(super yummy succulent pork, that falls off the bone) this is a platter that requires lots of rice so that uou can soak up the rich brown sauce. We wanted to play safe, so we asked for general tso chicken which was tasty and it came with some broccoli. There was an order of sautéed crystal baby shrimp, really tasty shrimp. The highlight of our dinner was the fish head soup  with crystal  noodles. Wow it had an amazing richness of pork and fish and the noodles are clear, flat just like a lasagna noodle but with texture to soak up the soup. The food was delicious, lots of variety,  good size servings. Now when it comes to the service, i had 2 of my family members that are fluent chinese (cantonese and mandarin) speakers. Given that they ordered the food for the entire table, i noticed that several times my brother in law had to get up to either go speak to the waiter or to go get check on missing items for the table. The service could have been better, right fown to the point when they bring the soup. We all looked at the waitress, ah hello we need a soup laddle to serve the soul. My brother in law said something to the lady and it took a while to get soup bowls and a laddleAll throughout dinner they would always forget something for the table.  I can tell you they have a A from the department of health, which is a good sign. I cannot wait to go back and try the lunch specials. I end up parking at the sky mall for $3 with no hassle. I highly recommend this restaurant and their food. Be patient with the servers and tell them everythjng 2x..lol.
Long wait on a Saturday but totally worth it. They take your order while you wait. Service is effective, but don't expect smiles and chit chat or English, as a matter of fact. You sit, eat, enjoy and go. Dumplings, specially the crab dumplings are amazing, and so is the spicy tripe....great value (I think we paid half of what we would have paid in NJ for the same amount of dishes, and for sure they wouldn't have tasted as good). Totally worth the 1 1/2 hour drive each way, plus 45 min. wait, plus the tolls and parking and gas.
About a 15 minute wait on a Sunday evening. Front door staff were pleasant and took our order while we waited. Wait staff once inside were quick and polite (not rude at all). My friend and I split udon noodles with beef, cucumbers with garlic, and a free order of soup dumplings from the yelp check in. $15+tip. Delicious food. One of us could have eaten the udon dish on our own, but this way we could split the buns. I'll definitely be back.
Shanghai You Garden is one out of the many dumpling spots in Flushing. Although all the different types of branches opening get a bit redundant, this xiao long bao spot was pretty good. I went with a group of 6 people and the bill came out to only around $50 which is amazing for the amount of food you get. The Xiao long baos are really tasty and might actually be better than their competitor's; joe's shanghai and Ning Xiang. The only downside is that they seem to rush you while you are eating, and the servers can seem a bit lost and chaotic.
This place is great, me and my girlfriend come here all the time if we go out to Flushing. the prices are cheap and the food is great. You can also get a free order of soup dumplings if you order over 15 dollars I think. Personally the soup dumlpings are my favorite part. I love this place.
They started clearing the table while I was still eating and asked which dishes they should pack for us to go. The food here is pretty good, but what stood out most had to be the rude service. I came with the family for lunch during the weekend and we waited about 20 mins. for a table. Not even 5 mins. after sitting down, we were already asked twice if we were ready to order yet. We ordered the soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, pan fried buns, deep fried yellow croaker w/seaweed, vegetable noodle soup, wine chicken and red bean puffs. The crab dumplings were just ok compared to other places I've tried, but the regular soup dumplings were pretty good. There was a good amount of soup in the dumplings, but the texture of the skin could've been better; it was a bit thick and chewy. I thought the wine chicken and the red bean puffs were really good and I would definitely recommend giving them a try. The noodles and ingredients in the noodle soup were very fresh so if you have room for it, a good option. The fried yellow croaker and pan fried buns were just eh, pass. The decor is modern and nice, but you don't have much time to appreciate it since they rush customers out. If they are concerned about customers having too long of a wait for seats, they should just tighten the seating and put in more tables. As a fellow Yelper mentioned, they only have one bathroom so there was a line of people waiting by the bins of used dishes and utensils, it's just odd. Overall, this place is an option for a quick bite, but there are definitely some better options for Shanghainese food in the area! I don't think I'll be coming back.
I go here for brunch on the weekend every month at least.  Line can get long but moves pretty fast l.  Free XLB if you order $10 or so.  Get the niurou juanbing (pancake with beef), the youtiao and doujiang (cruller with soy milk), shengjianbao (pan fried bao), the shaomai, and the hongyouchshou (wonton in spicy oil).  Lots of carbs, but all taste good and easy to take home and have for a 2nd breakfast/snack.
New xiao long bao place that opened in Flushing. The buns are great. The skin is not too thick and not too thin so it doesn't pop easily nor does it feel like you're eating a glob of dough. The soup to meat ratio on the inside is good too. And they gave us a free order of regular soup dumplings and tong shui at the end of our meal. Only downside is they only have noodle dishes and no rice dishes, but that's okay cus we here for the dumplings anyway. Would recommend to our friends.
Been here a couple of times since they first opened last year. The food and service don't disappoint! They are awesome in so many ways - so do yourselves a favor and skip out on the overrated Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai.A few reasons: - They still offer free pork XLB if you order $10+ / check-in on Yelp, which I find truly awesome (it was originally just for their grand opening period!)- They take your order while you wait, so you'll be served once you're seated- Their scallion pancake with sliced beef portion is quite generous compared to Nan Xiang (a lot more beef to pancake ratio)- Nothing is overly greasy- They always finish your meal with some sweet rice cake soupAlso love the decor and the authentic feel of this place. You can easily tell that this place is a favorite among the Shanghainese community (almost all the diners there spoke the dialect).
I always to go a Shanghainese restaurant with low expectations because i have not yet found a good one. Until tonight, i was pretty happy.  Their menu is full of authentic Shanghainese dishes. We only ordered small dishes such as pan friend dumplings, steam dumplings, scallion pancakes, this fried rice dish (no idea what it is, it's a square rice call with a crunch outside), salty soy milk, and this fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed (super yum). We are def. coming back for more.  Wanna try their main dishes badly!
I've pledged loyalty to Nan Xiang, but after eating here, I'm sure it will give Nan Xiang a run for its money!  It's clean (had to see it with my own eyes after reading Anna H.'s review), bright and the soup dumplings were delish!  You also get a free order of pork dumplings and a dessert with your meal.  My only gripe was that our order of jellyfish was lacking - a few pieces of jellyfish among the massive plate of daikon - I really had to search for it.  We also received the wrong order of pork dumplings when we ordered the crab/pork dumplings, but they quickly realized and corrected the situation.  I will have to come back to try some other dishes.
We had lunch here today with my old friend and her and we were pleasantly surprised with the artistry of the food and the low price. Having so much variety,  we ordered the xiao long bao, double cooked pork grandma style, rice cakes with shredded pork,  tofu porridge, yeow teow, and taro balls. My it was good and tasty.  These new places pooping up in flushing lately have upped their game with the influx of maunland chinese from the north vs the standard fujianese and cantonese variants.
Came here today at around 2pm, and it was busy.  Focusing on the food- we ordered the crab and pork XiaoLong Bao/steamed bun, and got an order of the pork Xiao long bao for the yelp check in.  These were good.  I saw the reviews commenting on Nanjing and Joe Shanghai.  These dumpling skins, at least today were a good thickness and taste.  They were not thick like Joe's are at times, and there is some variability with Nanjing's.  Whether this place has variability remains to be seen.  There was ample soup that was not too sweet, and the filling had good consistency.  I also felt that you could make out the difference between the crab containing ones and the pork only.  I honestly like Joe's as well, but they are just different than most Xiao long bao almost to not really consider them in the same food group...  These are trying to be more like Nanjing, and I dare say Din Tai Fung, and other places I have been in Shanghai.  It's not to say that these are better, just that they were good and similar to.  They hit the spot.  We also had the jellyfish and turnip, and the taste was good if not amazing.  The turnip gives it a different flavor than mainly jellyfish.  The deep fried croaker was good.  The Wuxi styled ribs were very soft/fall off the bone type ribs.  We had the seafood udon noodles which was a smaller than expected portion, with less seafood than say Joe's.  All in all it was a good meal.  The kids enjoyed it.  The booth seating is good for adults and probably teenagers, but the seat distance to tables is far for kids.  I honestly stood up while in the booth to help serve food, which in a typical booth is hard to do.  Service was fine and not really chaotic as some other reviews described.
In the midst of all the dumpling spots in Flushing that I have been to, Shanghai You Garden is definitely on the top of the list. The restaurant itself was nicely decorated, clean, and had the friendliest staff! The restaurant is definitely busy during the evening and reasonably so. We went there on a Thursday and Friday night on separate weeks. The wait on Thursday night was not too bad, probably 10 min. On Friday, there was about an 20 minute wait, but they do have a number system and take your order while you're waiting, so there's no time wasted in getting your food.Now on for the food. I've been here two separate times, and the food has been consistent and delicious both times.1. Special spare ribs with garlic sauce- Fried crispy skin with well cooked meat to compliment. My boyfriend said he would make a meal out of this one item, so you know it was good.2. Shrimp Dumplings- All I have to say is that, there was seductive shrimp in every bite! 3. Steamed Crab Meat Pork Bun- Filling and flavorful.4. Pan Fried Dumplings- Good....I was kind of already full at this point, so I thought they were good.5. Cold soy sauce duck- Let me start off my saying when I first got there, I was mindlessly just flipping through pages and looking at pictures so I did not see that this was a cold dish, but it was delicious! When I first took a bite, it was slightly cold, as the soy sauce was warm. Hey, I didn't care that it was cold because I finished it to the last bite.6. Beef & Chili Pepper w/ Noodle Soup- Again, I was slightly full to even enjoy this soup. Although, it was still flavorful and slightly spicy so don't shy away because you see chili peppers.Both times we did receive the complimentary pork buns and they were as flavorful as the rest of the items. Along with that, we did get complimentary dessert bowls, which I think are the Fermented Gluttonous Rice Dumplings on the menu. The dessert was hot, sweet, and a good way to end our meal. I can't wait to be back!
very great place clean and food tasty i being here 3time always excellent the dish are median size price are ok i fully recommond to come here try it they always busy and full seat i order garlic rib beef pancake drunk chicken and xo sauce duck was so yummy will come back again thank you for the delicious food
Oh good lord the wait was a b**ch, but the steamed crab buns were worth the long wait, each bun is handmade and cooked on the spot. Prices were reasonable, great service, traditional Chinese food without any weird western twist, & a restaurant run by people who know what they're doing. With all the places to eat in Flushing, this is a must try. Sit back and relax for dinner, versus going to some food court overcrowded with annoying and loud people.
This place has AMAZING service and even better food! Me and my dad loved this place while we were visiting NY. Their soup dumplings were to die for. We were looking forward to those dumplings the most and we were definitely satified! We went there twice on our trip and we probably would have went a thousand times more if we had the chance. It's a MUST if you're in the Flushing area.
A nice change from the other soup dumpling places in Queens. As soon as you enter the restaurant you can see the workers making the dumplings. So far every time we've gone they have given one free order of soup dumplings and an dessert soup. Decently priced everything!
food quality is good 4 to 4.5 stars.  However, service is very very poor 1 star or even 0.  They push very hard and bad and rush us to place food order even we have not yet sit down.  Kind of they force us to place order and attitude is really bad.  We still waiting, my goodness! Therefore, the average is 2 stars!
Best soup dumplings and soft tofu dessert I tried so far... the place looks pretty new and clean....
The was my go-to for Shanghainese (for quality, & cheap eats). I've been here a handful of times in the past year, & a half. Over time, I noticed they raised the prices on some dishes; I accepted that. I went yesterday, & saw that the dishes were smaller, as well, I accepted that. The deal breaker came when I tasted the food. It was not as good as it used to be. I was w/ 2 friends, & they thought the same. They still have the free order of soup dumplings, but the waiter said I needed to buy 1, to get it. I think he was trying to upsell me, but I didn't press the issue. To sum up, you've lost my loyalty, & I have to find a new go-to.
Decent Shanghaiese food and soup dumplings. Nice decor but seating can be too tightly packed. The wait can be intimidating and full party has to arrive to be seated. Good choice if you want Shanghaiese and it is not too crowded.
I'll admit, I was hesitant to believe the 4 star review that Shanghai You Garden has received so far. Nan Xiang on Prince Street has always been my go to spot to satisfy my soup dumpling cravings. However after reading fellow Yelper Cynthia's review and seeing that Shanghai You Garden offers a free carton of 6 pork soup dumplings (free with a minimum order of $10 if you mention it as others have mentioned), I knew I had to try it before the offer disappeared. Between 3 people, we shared:- Scallion pancake with beef ($4.95)- Crab and pork soup dumplings ($6.75)- Pork soup dumplings (free)- Braised bean curd ($4.95)- Jellyfish with turnip ($5.95)- Beef and chili pepper noodle soup ($7.95) Thinking the portions would be comparable to Nan Xiang, we over ordered, making this a little too much food for 3 people. The highlights of the meal were the scallion pancake with beef, the crab and pork soup dumplings, and the braised bean curd. The scallion pancake came with 4 large pieces that were perfectly fried and crispy. Surprisingly, it's not as oily as you would think compared to other places. The braised bean curd is a dish I wish I knew had to make. Seasoned so well, you have to order this dish! If you love the outer layer of fried tofu, you'll especially appreciate this. I complained how this cold appetizer was a bit pricy, but my mom justified the price with the amount of work that goes into preparing this side dish. Finally, the crab and pork soup dumplings were the juiciest and most flavorful soup dumplings I've had outside of Din Din in Tapei. Fight the urge and beware of biting into the dumpling seconds, even a minute after arriving - I assumed that they would be warm and went right into the dumpling and burned my tongue (a sign that these delicacies are prepared fresh); it was so worth it though. You can actually taste the crab flavor in these dumplings compared to Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai. The free pork dumplings were good as well, but the crab added another layer of flavor toppling over the pork dumplings. I recommend eating the soup dumplings first, while they're still hot as they're more enjoyable that way. I had 2 soup dumplings towards the end after they sat for awhile, so they cooled down completely at that point. It was still good and bursting with flavor, but it wasn't as good as it was hot. Skip the the beef and chili pepper noodle soup. Its massive size is the only impressive part. It's definitely a portion for 2-3 people. However, the noodles were bland and not spicy as advertised. My mom and I both compared the noodles to the packaged noodles you can just buy from the supermarket. Also skip the jellyfish with turnip - it's literally a 90%:10% ratio of turnip to jellyfish. So essentially, you're paying $6 for turnips - no thanks. You also get free rice wine mochi dessert at the end. I wasn't a fan of this dish at all as it was heavily doused in rice wine. The mochi was soft and chewy though.The only real compliant I have about Shanghai You Garden is their service. Not saying that Flushing has outstanding service, if that even exists, but I feel like Shanghai You Garden goes out of their way to really make you feel rushed. From asking numerous times if we're ready to order to watching your dishes almost empty, so they can come and scoop any remaining bits onto anyone's plate, so they can clear the table, to dropping off the check before you even ask to then picking up the check when you didn't even pay yet - all this made the dining experience a bit uncomfortable...I'd like to serve myself in peace. But hey, if you're busy and have a packed house at off hours like 5-6 pm, I can see why you'd like to turn tables over as quickly as possible.
45 minutes wait on a Friday nightpretty much ordered EVERYTHING on the menu, the four of us could not finish everything, but food quality was above average:Things I like the best:- steamed dumplings with pork - legit and really good- pork shank - it was awesome! love the sauce as wellThings that are average:- the soup noodles- the fried shanghai noodles- steamed pork bunsIt was a great satisfaction when craving Shanghai food,and after ordering literally everything on the menu, the bill came out to be only $68. Is this for real?I like how they give us a lot of free items:- steamed dumplings with pork- dessert - sweet soup with mochi
This is my second time coming to this Shanghai restaurant and I do plan on coming back. I love how they would give you a free order of pork soup dumplings on the first 10 dollars you spend. This time I came with a party of four people who weren't too hungry. We ordered a order of regular pork soup dumplings, braised pork leg, shanghai pan fried u don, stinky tofu and 3  soup buns. The shanghai pan fried udon came very fast and was delicious! Next came our pork soup dumplings, and the individual soup buns. The braised pork leg and stinky tofu came last. The dumplings was juicy hot and fresh out of the steamer. The pork leg was so soft and flavorful. This is best with a bowl of warm rice. The stinky tofu wasn't as stinky when it's in front of you but it still tasted good with the sweet sauce, hot sauce, and kimchi. The individual soup buns were actually a bit disappointing. We expected it have some seafood or pork filling, but instead it was only a soup that tasted fishy. It came in a cute little bamboo steamer and a straw to drink the soup. Overall, if you are looking to enjoy soup dumplings and authentic shanghai food, this is definitely a good choice. The decor here is beautiful and the price is just right!
When in Queens, do as the Queens Yelpers do. So when Anna H. mentioned a "very clean" Chinese dumpling place, I was intrigued. And when she said her foodie mom was ordering up half the menu, I was compelled. Shanghai You Garden is indeed all she said. The place is very clean, with a bathroom that was only slightly messy considering the hungry hordes waiting outside and eating inside. You enter and pass the organized take out area, with the many trays of assorted Chinese foods and the chairs all taken by the waiting crowd. Be amazed by the clean window that separates you from the food, and the fact that there isn't food spilling from those trays in an unsightly manner, as you often see in Chinatown dives.  Entering the main seating area, you are surrounded by walls beautifully decorated on one side with huge paintings of vases with I believe swallows on them. On the other side, smaller pictures of various flowers hang from the walls, elegant and colorful. This is new style wait staff, who greet you courteously and warmly. Pre-show dinners can be tricky. I don't want to eat too much I'll be burping, order too much I have to smell like Chinese doggie bags all night because guilt trips over starving kids make me take leftovers, or order too little I will be too cranky to enjoy the show. I settled for the jelly fish appetizer and the vegetarian dumplings. The jelly fish was mixed with daikon, a clever way of stretching the jellyfish, and was crunchy and tasty, albeit a bit bland. I mixed it with the chili sauce and the sweet vinegary soy for my dumplings and amped up the tasty ratio. Used to the garlic in Cantonese cuisine, I sometime forget that the Shanghainese will risk being vampire bait, preferring to be kissable after dinner. Much better for my theater neighbors anyway. The vegetable dumplings were huge, perfectly shaped thin wrappers stuffed with a mixture of greens including napa, mustard and mushrooms. The taste was light and again, slightly bland perhaps because it wasn't heavily salted. The fresh taste of the veggies prevailed. Roll each dumpling in the chili oil, pour some sweet soy, and life is A-Okay again.  After your meal, you are served a portion of tong shui, a light and not overly sweet soup with small mochi. Portions are ample for the plates, as I observed from seeing what other diners ate. I was stuffed after the jelly fish and the dumplings. Shanghai You Garden is a place I would try again and order the noodles or the specials, like the braised eel.Note: Half of Flushing seems to want to eat here and the line is literally out the door. Come off hours or expect to wait a while.Also, if you are vegetarian, and you order more than $10($11?), you will automatically be graced with an order of complimentary pork soup dumplings. If no one from your group eats meat, let the staff know up front.  The  waiters seemed genuinely horrified that I didn't eat meat and didn't want their dumplings(which I can understand as diners seem to think they were excellent) and were terribly apologetic.  You won't even need the Yelp check in to get this though I don't know how long this will last.
Upgraded the rating because there's no longer crazy waits and it turns out that they AUTOMATICALLY give every table free soup dumplings with the order of $12 or more :D We ordered about $20 worth of food for two people and they also threw in free dessert again.
Each dumpling was more delicious than the next. Grab a few friends and go family style. Be prepared to wait. Get there early and get your name down
The food and service here was meh. Nothing to rave about but it was edible. I found the hype of the XL soup bun to be overrated as it was literally just a tiny bit of crab meat infused in broth (not even a flavorful soup which is why I called it a broth). After you used the straw to suck up the broth, there was no meat like normal soup buns and just a hollow bun left. Not worth the try. The food that was served wasn't really hot and the wait staff cleaned items only when you asked them to. I have definitely been to better Shanghainese restaurants.
We came here after the US Open last Sunday. Everything is superb. We had two orders of soup dumplings, one pork, one pork + crab meat. Amazing. Best dumplings of any kind I've ever had, particularly the pork ones. We also ordered the cold duck in soy sauce and the fish belly in brown sauce. Both dishes were excellent. They also provided us fermented gelatinous rice bowls for dessert on the house, which was a perfect ending. All in all, the best meal we had in NY last weekend.
Came here for dinner tonight. It was a fun experience! Their menu is in Chinese & English, but if you aren't familiar with Chinese dishes, it is hard to figure out. The server was nice enough to answer my many questions. Their scallion pancake beef roll was really good! The scallion pancake was kind of flaky and fried crisp. I originally came here for the XL XLB, and it was so cute! The soup itself is a bit fishy (?) as in it had a strong seafood flavor (does that make sense) but the bao part was good. Their prices are very cheap, we ordered 5 things and got an order of XLB for free, and the bill came out to $26.
This place is really convenient since it's only a short walk from the Main St subway stop. I honestly have enjoyed all the Shanghai style Chinese restaurants I've been to so far in either Chinatown or Flushing so it's tough to really compare them. One spot has a superior soup dumpling but subpar rice cakes or an awesome layout with friendly staff and another didn't. That all being said, the food is what matters most and this place has really good food. It's convenient and delicious. There was a 15 minute wait to be seated on Saturday at lunch which to me is always a good sign. Items I'd order again: Sliced Beef Scallion Pancake ($5-6), Pork & Vegetable Wontons in spicy oil ($4.95), and of course if you're into soup dumplings ($5.75). This was one of the soup dumplings that ripped more easily than others so be careful when you pick em up!
Terrible service. The waiters kept rushing us to finish and taking food away while we still eating and asking if we want to take it to go. We had a huge group of 11 and it hasn't been an hour yet but they already placed the bill on table. Would not be going back.
Our hotel, the Hyatt Place, is located about two and a half blocks from the You Garden Dumpling House.  The front desk staff recommended we try the You Garden, since we had already tried another restaurant for soup dumplings around the corner from them.Both were great restaurants.  What made us walk a few blocks more was the Yelp check-in offer for a free order of steamed pork buns (soup dumplings.)We were not disappointed.  Everything was excellent.  When we arrived, we were informed that there would be a 25 minute wait.  We were seated in line, inside, and were given a menu to look over while we waited.  As the patrons were called for their tables, we moved up in the seats.  Plus, our order was taken.  When we were seated our meals were immediately served.
The restaurant was quite busy on a late Sunday afternoon but got seated promptly for a party of 2.  The modern clean Asian decor with a relaxing ambiance was a pleasant surprise by Flushing standards.The menu hosts a large variety of selections and we opted for the spicy beef and tripe, shredded chicken with rice cake, scallion pancakes and their main event -  Xiao Long Bao.  It's as good as the best in the area.  All the dishes were delicious at a great price.  Will visit again.4/5 stars for the food,  minus points for the restrooms located right next to the storage area for the plates and utensils.  A redo is in order to round up the experience.
3 stars for food, 2 stars for service.  I first thought the waiter was mute taking my orders.  He was sarcastic and emotionless. Other waiters just dropped plates on table. Food was not bad but the service killed it.  Would I come back?  Nope. Plenty of good xlb places in NYC, no need to pay and get shitty service.
Wow. Excellent food. Most of the items we ordered was so on point and yummy. This was my first trip to Flushing​, NY. We ordered the pork xiaolongbaos buns (awesome pork soup dumplings) fungus ears, jellyfish (with radishes and other stuff- seriously so delicious), cucumber with garlic, shanghai eggrolls (so crispy and perfectly flavored), puffed green onion pancake (nice crispiness and seasoned with a bit salt), chicken with wine sauce (good flavor but tough meat), spicy beef and tripe (good flavor if you're into tripe), and for dessert a warm 8 ingredient rice with red bean paste and fermented rice sauce (perfect - not too sweet). The only items that I wasn't a huge fan of was the the chicken in wine sauce because even though the flavor was good, the white meat chicken was tough to eat. I guess we ordered too much for two people but we were starving!! No regrets overordering. I wish I ordered their fried croaker too. Looked super yummy. By all the flavors from the dishes we ordered, I'll bet that one was a winner, too. We gulfed most of the food down before I took pictures! Oops. I am definitely coming back.
I went there for 2ppl. We ordered crab meat steam bun, pork steam bun, beef tendon, deep fried fish and Shao Mai. Every dishes we ordered tasted great and portion was very good!
Can you say free Xiao Long Bao? I can and I was able to get a free tray of soup dumplings by ordering $20+ of food. I loved the beef pancakes and my salted bean curd dishes. I will be back to eat ALL the food!
My wife and I went for lunch twice and the better time is before 11:30 am EST (no wait), otherwise it'll be about 15-45 min wait.  Foods are great and price is very reasonable.  Service is super fast and good.  Really enjoy the experience!!
Came here on a weekday around 2pm and the place was packed. The wait was only less than 5 minutes. The place is new and clean. I don't know the name of the dishes we ordered as my parents did the ordering but I did provide pictures. Ill work on the names for them. Food was good and I would come back again. You get a complimentary order of soup dumplings when you order over $10.  There's only one bathroom but you can use the bathroom across the street at Corner 28.
4.5 starsWe showed up at 2pm for a quick lunch since I had an appt in a different area later on in the day. It was packed. I think some diners were sharing tables in the front? Only had to wait a few minutes and we got the same booth as last time. Pretty nice... we had so much space for just the 2 of us. They rushed to clear the table and even swept the floor as well before we sat down. Like I said the restaurant was completely full but that's great service. We received menus quickly and I told L to order whatever since I wanted to use the restroom. Only took less than a minute wait time and it was very clean inside. Have you seen the bathrooms in Chinatown??? I know some are complaining about only 1 restroom but seriously tons of places only have 1... I've never had to wait long at all. L ordered the crab meat pork buns, braised meat ball with crabmeat, bowl of rice and a Coke. We mentioned the free check in and our waiter was like yeah already knew about it.. was going to add it.. lolThe meatball and rice came after a few minutes. It was really hot. It's not something I'd choose, but it wasn't bad. It's like an Asian meatloaf in ball form. It was really soft and not too salty. Our xiao long baos came soon afterwards and wow.. they were really good. Even better than our first visit and better than the ones I've had in Chinatown. Better than Nan Xiang... really flavorful, plenty of soup. We did break 2 of the dumplings.. so sad, so the skin was pretty thin, but I guess it's just not very consistent.We were extremely full... L was actually planning on ordering more food in the beginning but we had dinner plans later on but we were full for the rest of the day and only needed a couple of snacks instead. None of the waiters rushed us and its great that they clear any sign of a empty plate really quickly. Every waiter or waitress we interacted with spoke English well enough. No issues whatsoever. Also L was the one who ordered and sometimes he might be a lil intimidated to order in a Chinese restaurant but clearly all the staff are able to communicate in English. I always come here for xiao long baos.. perhaps a noodle soup and one of their specials. Stick with those items and you'll have a nice meal.
We were going to Nan Xiang, and forgot that it was Saturday. The line to get in was long. Not that I'm impatient  (I am), but there are so many options in Flushing, so we moved on. And we found You Garden Dumpling House. So, we won't be going to that other place anymore, lol. The soup dumplings crushed it. The other dishes were extremely good (fried bean gluten appetizer was off the hook, and I'm picky about my fried bean gluten). And the check was under $20. This place is a find. Maybe I shouldn't be writing this. My first instinct was to not tell anyone about it, so I don't see a line out front next time.
Definitely coming back! Dare I saw it's better than Joe's?! Came here on a Saturday evening at 6:30pm and waited 20 minutes but the host was very gracious. He kindly sat us in a large booth up front because we had a baby. Service there was quite professional. They offered a booster seat, food arrived timely, waiter was polite and other waiters checked on us. Plus it's clean and modern.Food:- pork soup dumplings (morsels of savory happiness)- scallion pancakes (flaky and delicious)- pan fried pork buns (pillowy bun with juicy pork center)- rice cake with shredded pork The portions are solid and there was a promotion on the soup dumplings - buy one get one free. Which is insane but we'll take it!At the end of the meal, they give you a complimentary sweet soup, it's usually red bean but this had bits of mochi and was the best "sweet soup" I've ever had.Definitely coming back!
The food is just ok, as a native I think this is pretty average but you can't beat the price. Don't really have any complaint, it was packed when we went to have brunch on a Sunday, as expected. Our food came out pretty fast because the waiter had asked us what to order beforehand. A plus side is they gave us free soup dumpling, not sure if it was a promo or but it was good. I wasn't thrilled when they put the check before I had asked but since it was really busy around that time so I let it go. The location is right across from LIRR entrance/exit on 40rd. Overall, it would be a nice first time shanghai food tryout.
This place definitely lives up to its reputation! We got the pan fried pork buns, sautéed snow pea shoots, rice cake with shredded chicken, sweet soy bean curd, salted soy bean curd, fried crispy dough, and scallion pancakes. All PHENOMENAL, and very reasonably priced. The fried pork buns were particularly good. So much more we wanted to try on the menu, but not enough room in our bellies. Will definitely be back!
my first time out to flushing queens for Asian food and this place was great! I saw its high stars and "hot and new" label and opted to call ahead for a reservation - called about 30-40 mins before arriving. we arrived later than the time we gave (parking is a struggle - street or parking garage$) and when we entered the restaurant at 8pm it was packed - the hostess was very friendly and honored our reservation, within ten minutes our party of 2 was seated. food was great. soup dumplings (savory and juicy), pork dumplings, chicken mushroom fried noodles, tofu appetizer (class shanghainese dish - love it) and cold soy milk (very refreshing) AND rice wine sweet soup balls on the house for dessert! Because they need to get people in and out as fast as possible it's definitely a eat and leave place. Loved every bite - filled my Asian cravings.
amazing！As a shanghainess, I've been surprised by the taste of the food, even better than some of you could get in Shanghai!葱油饼 豆沙酥 大推荐！咸豆花$1.5 真的是好吃便宜大份还有肉松和紫菜简直感动哭了！来不及尝其他好吃的，下次再去！
Came here with two friends for dinner on a weeknight. It's a crowded little restaurant with awfully bright flouresant lighting. It's like a dentist office how bright it is inside. The food was mediocre to bad - ribs, shumai, soup dumplings, Shanghai noodles, stirfry chicken. Water cup also had a smudge of black grime near the rim (gross!). At some point there was a whiff of sewage/garbage odor that lasted across the tables for an hour. Hoping it wasn't from the kitchen, but none of us could tell where else the smell was coming from! Giving this restaurant the benefit of the doubt is hard. I recommend the many other dinner spots for better food!
Super delicious soup dumplings! And their sweet tofu dessert ("to fu fa") is out of this world.
My new real Shanghainese restaurant  this place definitely blows nanxing out the water with the traditional selection that they have. Their food is super good and it feels as if I'm back in Shanghai. I got 3 baskets of soup dumplings, 1 giant soup dumpling, 2 bowls of soy bean milk, fried dough, chicken, gluten, shu mai, and sheng jian bao. All that only came out to 45! Food came out super fast and the waitresses were super nice. Overall an amazing experience. Will be keep coming back
Oh those dumplings!  I love this place!Great staff and great food!
Solid soup dumplings here. They always throw in a free order too which is a plus. My favorite dish is the fried buns! Go early as there's usually a wait.
I have been waiting for their giant Xlb for over 20 min for take out. What the hell!! I am still waiting for just ONE steam soup dumpling? I don't care how it taste, it just won't worth my time.
The initial impression was nothing unexpected. This has been a pretty popular place ever since it opened so it was bound to be crowded. It was a busy Friday morning so the wait for a table was about 20-30 mins. After being seated, you notice the environment as it has an authentic Chinese traditional touch to it. Luckily we were able to place our order in while we were still waiting for a table to minimize more downtime. We ordered a few things on the menu but of course had to get the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were great especially the fact that they give you an extra order for free. I would say it's up to par with the other soup dumplings joints. We also wanted to see what all the hype was about regarding the enormous soup dumpling. Full warning: it's extremely underwhelming. They give you a straw to poke a hole in and drink out of it. It's literally all soup and it didn't taste that great. I'd suggest sticking to the other stuff on the menu. Btw bring cash. They don't accept card.  Overall:Food: GreatPrice: Fairly priced/competitive Service: Decent
I heard of this restaurant through the Asian Kitchen series on Youtube. I was intrigued by the idea of drinking the soup out of a huge soup dumpling with a straw. I didn't end up ordering this, as I heard about the complimentary Xiao Long Bao with all orders above $10. While the Xiao Long Bao was ok, all the other dishes I had were rather underwheming. I tried:- Chives and egg-stuffed pancake.- Pea-shoots dumpling- A steamed vegetarian dumpling (with mushrooms, pea shoots, and chives, I think)- Shanghai-style mooncakes (stuffed with pork)- A green colored mochi that was dyed with spinach and filled with sweet red bean paste- Drunken chicken- Fried potstickersThe fried potstickers tasted quite ordinary. Some of the skins were broken, and they were barely pan-fried. At A Taste of Shanghai (another restaurant nearby), they make an EXTRAORINARY fried potsticker, which is filled with soup! They manage to fry the bottom to a well-browned crisp without breaking the skin (which would cause the soup to spill out). That's skill! Shanghai You Garden's potstickers, on the other hand, were rather poorly executed.The drunken chicken was tasty, as a good quality chicken was used, and I liked the heavy Shaoxing wine flavor. The pea-shoots dumpling looks very pretty, but is rather bland. It's stuffed mostly with pea-shoots and underseasoned. The same can be said about the other vegetarian dumpling. I do appreciate vegetarian dumplings, but I've definitely had better. The chives and egg-stuffed pancake was ok, but the crispiness came mostly from frying rather than the pastry being extraordinarily flaky. The Shanghai mooncake is a flaky-pastry wrapped around pork and preserved vegetables. Tasty, but not extraordinary. Same with the green mochi.
As for XLB goes, this place is better then most. i use to go to kung fu xlb on prince street as my go to but there's always a wait and service feels a bit rushed there.  they have a deal going on where you buy 2 trays of soup dumplings, get the 3rd one free and this per table by the way. it's really roomie and luckily the two times i've been there i didn't have to wait. avoid rush hours cause the wait can be out the door. the giant soup dumplings was interesting but not my cup a tea. i had the expectation that there would be some sort of meaty filling like the regular size dumplings but it was all soup. good to try if you haven't had one before.
Very good xiaoliangbao. The wait can be long. The food is a very good deal overall. Place is a little small and crowded but taste makes up for it. Nice service.
minus 1 star for being cash only and if I would have know they didn't accept Credit Cards, I would have gone somewhere else. over all the food was outstanding.  the dumpling were super flavorful and the buy 2 and get one free deal made them taste even better.  Even though the Special Spare Ribs w. Garlic Sauce looked great, but I wasn't a fan of the taste.  The Sauteed Snow Peas were amazing even better than the dumplings.  The service was good, but not amazing.  overall, I recommend this You Garden.
Good food, good location. Love the buns and dumplings. Good price and lovely interior, it shows Chinese traditional culture in here.
The best soup dumplings I've had in New York. This place serves authentic shanghai cuisine. Delicious food and great service! I will definitely be returning!
Couple months ago, a few of my friends asked me if I eve tried the soup dumpling. The idea made no sense to me. Like... do you mean, dumpling soup? Like theres dumplings in the soup? yeah. But the friends go, "no dude, soup dumpling."... I couldn't comprehend because my friends just suck at describing stuff, until I got there.It really was a soup dumpling. Like, soup in a dumpling, instead of pork and stuff and such. Try them! I was amazed by their soup dumpling, and tried to find other spots as great as this place, but kinda failed. I come here every now and then if I feel like getting some of that SOUP DUMPLING!Yeah yo. Cool place. But like, some things are just not exactly perfect - like they take 5 years to get our drinks, get tables, ... not too clean tables ... waiters bumping into me while passing by without apology...But the food makes up for it I guess. lol
Soup dumplings are my favorite foods. The price is reasonable and the food was so good.I love the soybean sauce. It was delicious.
All I say is this place is cheap and good for its price when it is not crowded.If it it crowded, stay away from it cuz u will have to wait a long time.But other than that, only thing to complain is the waiters will ask for tips, I used to give 10-12%  and some of them insist on 15%, you aint got great service why should I give you that much...
This used to be my go to place for soup dumplings in Flushing but my previous 2 times here have just a turnoff. Today I came here around noontime and as expected there was a wait. As we waited to be seated, the girls took our order. We placed an order of pan fried pork buns to go with our dining in order so everything is in 1 order and there shouldn't be any excuses later saying the buns arent ready by the time we finish eating. We eat for about 40 mins, and the waiter hands over our check eveb though we clearly arent done eating. Meanwhile, we still have gotten our to go order yet. I pay the check and ask him where the to go order is, to which he says he'll bring it out. He gets me the change for the bill and has yet to bring out my to go order which I already placed in the beginning and now the bill is already paid for. Then he has the audacity to ask us to wait outside for the buns. I guess since they already got paid, there's no rush in giving us our order. We compile and wait in the front. By now its been 15 mins since we left the table and have been sitting in the front and no one has given us our to go order which we already paid for. On top of that, the waiter has an attitude when we asked about the status. If you didn't want to give us our order then refund us which they also didn't want to do. We had to speak to the lady manager who finally gave us our order. I seriously don't understand the issue. The order was placed an hour ago in the same dine in order and yet we still had to wait until after we were done eating. It's not like we added the order after we finished eating. And the attitude was unnecessary when it is clearly the restaurant's fault. Will definitely not be back. There are other soup dumpling places in Flushing.
Great soup dumplings and fantastic service. The soy bean milk is very good also and every dish I've tried so far is great. Prices are on the steep side but you get what you pay for here.
Great food....amazing dumpling....service was fantastic....can't say enough good things about it
This place definitely serves some bomb soup dumplings. I went here with some friends. We ordered some dishes and were told that with any 15 dollar purchase we get a free soup dumpling. The dishes were amazing and the prices were better than fair. Although it can be loud and a little cramp I didnt mind it at all!
I find it odd that the manager commented on my review saying it is as an "odd complaint". A hygiene concerns should not be an "odd complaint". If I see it happen again next time, I'll take a picture to show your establishment.....but ohh wait... I will not be coming back here again. Food is decent so the review will stand as 2 stars but in terms of service, its 0 stars.  Please note, there are many good Asian/Chinese cuisines in Flushing, there are options. 7/13/2017  Previous review Service here is not great and a bit disgusting. I came here to eat with a friend and I noticed some unsanitary conditions that kept occurring. I came here around Spring during the time of an allergy season and this waiter kept sneezing and rubbing his nose. Then this waiter proceeds to pick his nose in front of customers then he would take plates to tables with his nose picking finger in their dish. This repeated for at least 6 dishes. I couldn't believe his fellow waiters or the other staff members didn't tell this waiter to stop picking his nose and go wash his hands before he goes deliver dishes to tables. This literally grossed me out and I will not be returning anymore. The waiter was fairly young, perhaps around his 20's. Beware if you see him delivering your dishes.
I have not been back in Flushing for many years. Flushing always my go to place for food.I ordered soup bun yesterday from this place. A total knock out. I want to clarify this. The soup bun I am talking about is xiao long bao, not the $2.99 individual bun with soup in there which is is sucks. For soup bun, this place is way better than Joe's Shanghai.I will give 4 stars for now. I want to go back and try other dishes. 1 day.
We ordered a few orders of scallion pancakes, soup dumplings and shanghai fried noodles. The soup dumplings were mediocre and nothing to rave about. The scallion pancakes were bland and mostly dough with specks of scallions. The shanghai noodles were bland and tasteless. I wont be dining here again as there are much better options around flushing for Shanghai food. This place is overrated and I dont get all the positive reviews.
if you've had nan xiang, you've pretty much eaten here.  i hear the owner is the same chef as that of nan xiang.  the food almost tastes exactly the same but you garden has a larger menu and wider selection of dumplings.the buy 1 get 1 soup dumplings make this place a great bargain.
They give you a free Xiaolong bao when your order reaches $10, however, the food... I think they use way tooooo much MSG, I kind of got food poisoning after eating there. I was extremely thirsty and my Tongue felt numb for two days... never coming back
I ordered :1. Chicken ginseng soup- good ginseng flavor2. Two crab soup dimpling - thin skin with flavorful meat and soup3. Beef noodle soup with green peppers- very good4.  Sweet soft tofu- tofu was silky smooth with just enough honey for sweetness We actually ordered one order of crab soup dumplings but they gave us the second for free as a promotion.  We also got rice wine sweet soup with mochi for free too. I loved everything I ordered. This is going to be the new frequent spot for me to go to for soup dumplings.
Awesome food at very reasonable prices. Just gets very crowded and not enough seating.
I was looking forward to try this dumpling place as they serve many dishes I had in Shanghai, China in the past. I wanted to get that authentic taste again from Shanghainese cuisine.Restaurant located on 40th road in Flushing. Smelly, narrow, road with lots of traffic. Decoration of the restaurant is fairly new and bright. Wait wasn't long for party of 5. Booth was comfortable.We ordered a good mix of dishes. All fairly oily but with very good taste.
If you spend $10 and more, you get a FREE order of 6 steamed pork buns. How awesome is that! I came here more than 3 times already, which is pretty impressive considering the xiao long bao competition in flushing. Wait is usually 10-20 minutes in the afternoon. Price ranges from $14 (for three dishes) to $50 (serving 6 people) which gives this place another plus! Their crispy scallion pancake is just as good as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, but the best is their Hot Sweet Soy Bean which gives off the strong flavor of soy bean. I also recommend their Braised Fish Belly in Brown Sauce. I do not recommend their Rice Cakes with vegetables because it is a bit bland. I would certainly prefer this place over dimsum (although their black tea taste like water).
Note : if u order siomay u have to know the siumai is not like regular other dimsum place but the siumai is more look like "lo mak kai" sticky rice wrap in wonton skin personally i dont like it at all ( based on me) The rest of the food that we ordered is just ok nothing special but the price is a bit pricey
Love this place! The food is good and the price is cheap. Usually order the typical soup dumplings plus other stuff. This time we ordered their viral hit the giant soup dumplings. Well... it literally was just a giant dumpling with soup inside with NO MEAT! Other than that, their food has been consistent and yummy
I seldom gave five stars, but this place has the best Shanghainese place I can find in NYC. Have been here twice and tried dim sum and several cold or hot dishes. Overall the dishes I had were above average, and some were even amazing. Highly recommend pork belly and soup dumplings. It also has some traditional Shanghai dim sum, like meat mooncake and Qing Tuan. Will try these next time.
Shanghai You provides a true delicacy! The soup dumplings were splendid. I couldn't stop eating! I thoroughly enjoyed their Sweet and Sour Pine cone Fish, it had a perfect balance. The staff were working hard and I can't wait for my next visit.
We only had the soup dumplings and the crab and pork ones were amazing. They had very nice and attentive staff which is relatively unusual for flushing and the fact that you get an order of soup dumplings for free is also pretty sweet. Their soup dumplings are just a touch bigger than the ones from Nan Xian.
Needed to find a place in Flushing with the right price or clean, quick, and delicious food. For $22.54 the two of us ate like kings! Fresh ginger tea, 12 soup dumplings (thanks Yelp), scallion pancake, Udon noodle dish with pork and baby bok choy, cucumber and garlic sauce. This is a good place to bring a group or those new to Flushing. Impressive decor and friendly staff. Most important CASH ONLY! Loved this! I'll be back :)
I have to say this is the best shanghainese restaurant in N.Y.  amazing soup dumpling and appetizer but horrible customer services especially the short hair waitress really nasty attitude
Good substitute if you're tied of Nanxiang. Cheaper since they gave you free buns when you order one. Down side is most of the dishes are too oily.
The soup dumplings were good. The regular ones weren't any better than nan xian. The crab soup dumplings had more flavor than nan xian though. As for the other dishes we tried. Everything was on the sweet side. We had the following:-Cucumber and garlic: Good but like I said sweet.-Spicy Beef and Tripe: Best of the cold dishes we ordered. -Spicy Bamboo Shoots: Good. Wasn't very spicy for those who are afraid. Also on the sweet side. -Scallion Pancake w Beef Slice: We ordered but it never came. We didn't realize it until we were home. Hopefully we weren't charged. -Noodle with Scallion Sauce: Yummy. It was a good break from all the sweet flavors. I think it's just soy sauce and some sesame oil mixed with fried scallions and dried shrimp. -Grandma style braised pork: Good but sweet.-Don't remember the name of the dish but it was fried fish covered with a ketchup sauce and pine nuts. Also sweet. Lol-Stinky Tofu: Stinky indeed. We got it because we thought my sister in law liked it. I had stinky tofu in Taiwan and Hong Kong and enjoyed it so I thought hey, why not. It was super stinky! Couldn't eat more than one but maybe you'll like it. :)Service was okay.
This is a nice looking place with lovely people in the front making dumplings that are quite good.   The rest of the food is very disappointing.
Food was excellent.  Service was excellent and the place was big enough where we weren't sitting on top of each other!
That was a good Soup dumpling, The review was right better than Nan Xiang , and the cooking of the rice cake was absolutely the best ,no one could beat it, so i'll be back .6/24/16 soup dumpling too salty , pork chop with noodles no good The Porkchop was no good at all, I think they change chef already , not going back any more !
Soup dumplings were excellent and authentic. We've visited YuYuan Garden in Shanghai and the food here was as good as any we had in China. Staff is delightful.
The soup dumplings were good, but joe's shanghai   is still a better option in the area.
I hardly like to one-star places, but this restaurant gets on my nerves. I came here with a large party of 10+ and was actually pretty excited to try the soup dumplings. The waiter that helped us was very strange. He did not came around to me and ask what I wanted or what my cousin wanted on the menu. I was flipping through the menu and decided that I was going to get some stir fried noodles, but the waiter did not even acknowledge me. Very rude. Thank god my mom helped me order this big soup dumpling otherwise I would starve..at a restaurant LOL. Although the presentation is NICE..it was NOT good. There is only soup inside, and the soup taste literally like salted water. I tried my best to want to like it..but sadly I couldn't. Besides that, the whole time I can sense all the waiters and waitresses eyeing us, and we felt like they were trying to rush us out asap. I did not feel welcome here so this would obviously be my last time here.
I was there yesterday with my parents for my birthday. It was my second time dining there and it did not disappoint! This is my favorite Chinese food spot! I'm usually not a big fan of restaurants in Flushing as most of them are loud and dirty, and wait staff are either rude or don't speak English. You Garden is clean, and staff are efficient and attentive. Best of all, the food is to die for! We had pork soup dumplings, vegetable steamed dumplings, croaked fish, steamed chicken, duck soup and sautéed eel e everything was absolutely delicious and cheap! I told my friends who wouldn't otherwise come to Queens for a meal that they must come here to experience authentic Chinese/Shanghainese food! Will definitely be back again!
I came here to try their soup dumplings for free, but it turned out that they require you to spend at least $10 to have a free one. This contradicts with what is on Yelp: "check-in" to revive a free one. Seriously, if you are not willing to give away, just don't put this offer on Yelp. I order the soup dumplings, three of them were ruptured due to the fact that five dumplings were stick together.   shredded gingers were presented in uneven sizes and were not as thin as those in NanXiang Dumpling House. With this similar price, I can go somewhere else for a better quality.
We've come here 3x already.  Excellent Xiao Long Bao.  Buy one get one free....cannot beat that.  Nice thin skin with piping hot soupy filling.  Staff is friendly and the best part is, the tables/seats are nice and roomy and you are not crammed on top of others (like what they do at Nan Xiang Dumpling House).  We're so happy we found another location with these soup dumplings that equal the quality and taste of Joe's Shanghai.
We were here on Saturday for lunch. A long lines for waiting.  The waiter took our order while we were waiting.  I don't need to show my yelp free dumpling and the waiter knows and get me a free soup dumpling.  Food was good.  The soup dumplings were great very hot and I like their app.  Overall it was a great meal.  Service was good.  Just need to be patience for waiting.
My husband and I love this restaurant.  The food is delicious and service is pretty good.  Lots of waitstaff.  Their process is also pretty organized when they are super busy.  They take your order while you wait for a table and queue you up.  By the the time you get a table food starts arriving.   If you order over $10 you get a free order of pork dumplings.  Pretty cool.  I have been back several times already!
I have been here twice. The quality of the food is fresh. The noodles with pork barely had any pork in the dish. The eel in hot oil is plentiful and tastes great. The soup dumplings are great and the fried dumplings were worth the 15 minute wait!
really cheap but i had to wait in line. sooo many people.its really cheap but food actually taste rly rly good. especially the dumplimgs
The dumplings are good, but stay the fuck away from anything chicken on their menu. Cause they serve it undercooked with its damn wings still flappin'. It will leave you with a shitty week of food poisoning that won't let you shit solid for the next month. Not to mention, rude customer service, shitty ambience and a floor plan that makes no sense.I'd suggest you save yourself the suffering and stick to going to Nan Xiang.
I had a very bad experience with this restaurant today. I ordered the soup dumpling as my lunch. When I opened it, I saw a MOSQUITO right on the dumpling.... Unbelievable. I called the restaurant and told them what happened. They transferred me to their restaurant manager. The manager apologized to me and told me I shall discard the dumplings right away and they will deliver a new and good one to me in 15 mins...I waited about ONE hour!!! OTHER THAN THAT, The food is COLD...If you can, avoid this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great dumplings, priced very good! My go to spit! Try the pork belly! Yum yum! Their home made sauce is amazing. But you have to ask them for it!
Food was super yummy and well-priced! The soup dumplings were very flavorful. I highly recommend the tendon appetizer dish because it was light and tasty.
I love the fried dumplings, wonton soup, beef with peppers, and Shanghai noodles here! Always cooked to perfection!
SUPER YUMMY!!!!my bf and i came here on a friday afternoon.we ordered crab soup dumplings, preserved veggies and noodles, rice cake, shanghainese mini buns and tofu with salted egg and shrimp then cold dishes from up front.crab soup dumplings- YUMMY!!! lots of crab that you can visually see and SO juicy and they're large.and they give a free order or their regular soup dumplings so its like 2 for 1. preserved veggies/pork with noodles- soup itself was AMAZING. NOT too salty. LARGE portionrice cake - amazing wok flavor. my bf loved it. they dont skimp on the veggies and meatshanghainese mini buns- very juicy and large. there were 6 in an order. tofu w/ salted egg and shrimp- OMG SO GOOD. WOULD DEF AGAIN. they used the japanese egg tofu, the saucefor the dish was basically a salted egg sauce (but not too salty) and there were peas with a good number of decently large shrimp. cold dishes: beef tendons were eh, wouldnt get it againwine chicken- bf liked it a lot , it did have good flavortofu with mushrooms- FAV DISH HERE. great marinated flavor jelly fish- not that great. iddnt have much flavor to it.overall, i will be back.
One of my favorite go-to place! Love it. The soup dumplings are very tasty, instead of the dumpling with full soup, specially for the crab dumping, super delicious! The price is reasonable, the staff are nice, and the place is clean! It's always busy in Shanghai You Garden.
Wow!  XLB with a yelp coupon of an extra tray if you spend more than $10.  The service is quick and the place is clean.  On this street, that says a lot.  The decor is modern.  Expect crowds during rush periods.  Don't be stupid and come in expecting to be able to seat large groups easily.  Plan on at least 2 trays of XLB per person.  Haven't had a chance to try other food here yet but I'm looking forward to it.
Had a great experience here.  Amazing food and great service.In terms of the service, I want to add that my dining companion and I ordered some items that we didn't quite know how to eat and the service staff was very helpful and gracious in instructing us.
Went with friends. It's a pretty diverse group, English-only guys, vegetarian, and carnivore. I was initially concerned about it, because I wasn't sure they would be able to meet all our needs, but they did a great job. We did have a reservation, but still, we waited a solid 25 min just to get a table. They won't let you start your waiting sequence until EVERYONE in your party is present. So if one person is late, you can't go in. But they have a guy taking orders outside, so when you are seated, your food is cooked or almost cooked. They have a very large selection of food, and you can find just about anything from breakfast to dinner. Their portions are big enough for a group of 4 sharing. So it's worth the price. Service was ok, but I am sure it's due to the large amount of people in there. If they can have a better system to let people in, and not worried about one person not present, I would give them a 5 star.
My friend told me about this place and we had dinner there the other day. Very nice place. Service was surprisingly friendly which is rare in Flushing. They have a check-in offer for the soup dumplings, but at the restaurant they tell you about it so you don't have to check in. It's $10 minimum order to get the free dumplings which is easy peasy. We ordered the cucumber app, fried pork & chives bun, crispy noodle with seafood & meat, plus the free dumplings. It was a lot of food for two people and we had leftovers. Everything was very good. Soup dumplings were pretty awesome. There was even free dessert (tong shui aka Chinese sweet soup) at the end. Definitely recommend this place, and will come again with family.
Best soup dumpling hands down! This place serves authentic Shanghai cuisine. Nice interior. Decent price. Will return!
I came here for lunch during weekday, couldn't believe that the restaurant was full of customers.Ordered: Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Steamed Veg Dumplings, Chicken in Wine Sauce, Fried Bean Gluten, Rice Cake w/Shredded Pork and Deep Fried Yellow Croaker w/Dried Seaweed. We received FREE Steamed Pork Buns!!!I personally love Bean Gluten and Croaker dishes. The bean gluten was not in oily, the favor was rich. Croakers were in fillet, no bone, good for elderly and kid. However, crab meat buns' taste weren't strong. I preferred many crab roe in a bun.Overall, it is recommended to try this restaurant. The best is dishes are not in strong MSG.
I feel this place is the best shanghai food in NYC. The food is even more authentic than some restaurants in shanghai. Highly recommend to go!
Was there for Mother's Day 2016. Crowded as could be. I was one of the very few White Americans there [my wife is Chinese]. I wanted to leave and the Man in Charge came over and spoke English to me and said to please wait a few more minutes. I laughed and asked what is a few minutes, he replied "about 10". I said okay and sure enough it wasn't more than 10 minutes he showed us to out table. The food was excellent. Noisy place but that's Flushing.
My family and I came here after passing by the restaurant. We always see them busy and decided to try it. There is very little parking on the block where the restaurant is located. When we arrived there was a slight wait but the wait was worth it. We got an assortment of noodles and plenty of soup dumplings. The noodles were hot and delicious. The soup dumplings were flavorful. All the food was at a great price, the waiter suggested that I get the personal soup dumpling that comes with a straw. The dumpling was ok it had fish in the middle. Overall I would suggest you garden.The food was great the waiter were accommodating and helpful.
We went to Flushing to see what their dumplings were like compared to NYC Chinatown. We picked the second placed Shanghai You Garden.It's on a small side street parallel to LIRR station and up block from the Mall. Easy to pass and when you enter we weren't sure to go upstairs or to make a left. Make a left through the glass door into narrow yet modern restaurant. Try using a GPS, but then it may interfere with the navigation systems of the noisy jumbo jets flying over your head. Stick with the address.. but what is with these "-" in the address? threw my GPS for a loop.We arrived just before 5pm expecting to see the hordes but we were seated immediately, BUT while were seated and after dinner the place was mobbed with a huge wait. Not good for groups unless you can make advanced reservations.. not sure you can. Mostly two and four person tables here.This place is all about the Shanghai dumpling.. and of course with other items on menu. The prices are great compared to what other restaurants are charging in the same hood. Six soup dumplings for $3.95.. that is incredible for a restaurant price (other dumplings started at $6.95 or so which included shrimp and or crabmeat).We ordered Shui Mai, pork dumplings and an udon noodle dish with beef. We would have also ordered the fried dumplings but the waiter told us it would take 10 - 15 minutes. What? Must not be a popular item there so we passed on it. The shui Mai is nothing like we've ever seen nor had before. Mostly sweet or stick rice (small grains) with minced pork. We thought this was dry with pork over cooked (burned). It was not very tasty and too much dry tasting rice. We won't order this again. For all we know it could have been used as mortar to hold bricks together.Now, the dumplings.. soupy as promised. Tasty, but NYC Chinatown has got these beat. Nevertheless they were tasty and what it should be. What put us into cardiac arrest was we ordered three dishes we got four. We thought they gave us something we did not order so I called the waiter over to make sure we weren't too hungry when we ordered and went over the top. To our amazement he said something about the second set of dumplings (6 per set) was free because of our order. Now he said that either in Chinese or mumbled. For this reason I have no clue why it was for free but I learned never question a gift horse.The Udon with beef was extremely tasty. The beef (shredded) and noodles took on the same flavor. This was the best of everything we had. I've had better noodles in China but the sauce and beef really made up for the noodle not being spectacular.You get lots for a great price. Food is better than okay (except Shui Mai), service is in abundance. Oddly, it seemed there was one waiter/waitress for every table but you still had to call them over if you needed something.Typical of low budget Asian restaurants, their restrooms need some TLC and lots of air freshener.. I mean lots. Perhaps they may want to hire the Tidy Bowl Man to give them a freshening up every few hours.I can see why they were packed. It's like going to a all you can eat and stuffing yourself until the waiter asks if you care for a dinner mint and then just wait for you to explode.If you're looking for dumplings in Flushing you can't go wrong with this little spot, but I have yet to explore the other dumpling houses there to compare. So until then...Bon Appetite!
Did I just got in in a bad day? The soup dumpling skin was thick. And the remaining dishes tasted the same. M...S...G... Be prepared to drink 5 gallons of water after the meal
This establishment has very high reviews and that might've been the reason why I was expecting more from it. I have to say that the inside of the restaurant is decorated very nicely for a place that's located in the heart of Flushing. There was also a good amount of seats for customers who have to wait a bit for a table (If you're unfamiliar with restaurants in Flushing, most of them require you to stand there awkwardly in front of people who are eating inches away from you when you wait for a table). It was a full house today around 1pm but the wait for a table for two people didn't take more than 10 minutes or so. We ordered the steamed crab meat pork buns, beef and chili pepper noodle soup, scallion pancakes and got the steamed pork buns for free with the yelp deal (The offer is only valid for dine-in orders of $10 or more). Both types of pork buns were good, very flavorful but I found that the crab meat pork buns punctured very easily as I tried to lift them up out of the tray causing the soup to leak out before it made it to my spoon (so sad...). The beef and chili pepper noodle soup was probably my favorite dish. It's definitely better than the one I've tried at Nan Xiang but I wish it had more beef...and peppers lol. The scallion pancakes would've been perfect if the bottom three pieces weren't overly fried :( I did appreciate how it seemed less oily than most of the other ones I've tried at other restaurants. Needless to say, I was a little disappointed but being part Shanghainese, I have very high expectations of restaurants that advertise themselves to specialize in these dishes. Another thing I didn't really like was how the steamed pork buns were just placed on the counter after they were ready to be brought out to the tables. The counter is pretty much located in the area that people need to walk past in order to come in and leave. There's nothing wrong with that if it's taken right away. But if it's left there for a few minutes, and you have all these customers just walking back and forth, is that even sanitary? A divider would definitely help.I would probably still come back again to try the other dishes. I saw people at other tables order some chicken dish, which looked yummy. Maybe that would be something better to try out.
My new favorite soup dumpling spot. My mom and I are regulars here during our weekly lunch dates. There's a lot of competition in flushing with all the new trendy restaurants popping up every other day, but this place is legit. The most important component of a shanghainese restaurant is how well they make their xlb, and their's are on point. The skin is thin, but not too thin that it rips when you attempt to pick it up. The broth inside is rich, porky, and not too oily or salty like some other places are. I've never had a soup dumpling that didn't have a spoon full of soup. Nothing is more disappointing than opening that bamboo lid to discover some of your dumplings are deflated and soupless. The best part? If you spend more than $10 there, your xlb are FREE! My other regular items I order are the turnip puff. Flaky pastry filled with shredded turnip. My fave! The pan fried pork buns are also some of the best I've had since my visit to shanghai. The decor is also very welcoming and clean. For the two of us, our bill usually comes out to $20 at most. So worth it! I almost don't want to give a good review because there's always a wait, but good food is good food.
Great location to get a quick, cheap XLB meal. They offer free streamed pork buns by showing the Yelp coupon, which is already a great reason to visit. We ordered the fried pork buns and the fried pork ribs with gravy. All of the dishes were great but I especially liked the ribs (5/5). The fried buns had a bit too much breading but the flavor is solid (3.5/5). The free steamed pork buns aka pork XLB is solid with thin skin, good broth and delicious meat. My only complaint was that they overdid it with the ginger in the filling and it covered up the wonderful flavor of the broth (4/5). The place is affordable and a great addition to Flushing.
im quite a fan of this place. sure, the soup dumplings arent as great as joes shanghai, but the other foods including breakfast, the soy milk, and dim sum foods are really good. also - one order of pork soup dumplings is always free!! my dad loves coming here solely for the free soup dumplings...i would also recommend the scallion pancakes and rice cakes. overall, the food here is solid. **** the one complaint i have is the last time i went, they forgot our pan fried pork buns until after we asked for the check. instead of comping it for us, they insisted we just pay for it and take it to go. my parents were cool with it, however, the manager should make it clear to the staff that customers shouldnt be forced to take things to go merely because the waiters forgot to bring us the food in time. ***
A clean and pleasant Chinese restaurant with authentic Shanghai small dishes at attractive price in Flushing Chinatown. It is now not as crowded as when it was opened. They still generously offer complimentary steamed xiaolongbao and sweet soup as dessert, both are transitional in Shanghai. Service were good. Be aware it is cash only just as any New York authentic restaurants.
Once again very delicious food ;) No complain at all!!!So I ordered a lot takeout and catch a plane back to Charlotte. Awesome food delivery :) will do it again.
Eight treasures in hot sauce is too salty，dont try.shanghai special chicken was overdone.
Killer dim sum for the lover of soup dumplings
I've been going to Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing for years. FINALLY I've found a SUPERIOR SOUP DUMPLING at Shanghai You Garden! The food is fresher, lighter, and more finely crafted. Also the scallion pancakes are fried to crisp perfection, not over-fried like they do at Nan Xiang.
Really bad service. Push back and forth. If they have zero star I would. Just want to behave customer arrange whatever they like and don't listen what customer want.
Was happy to find this place on Yelp. Had the complimentary soup dumplings when you check in through Yelp. Ordered the porkchop noodle soup. The pork was very tender. Had the shrimp dumplings too and it was plump and made fresh. Also had the scallion beef pancakes and the Shanghai udon. The place is clean, the seating is comfortable and service is prompt. Would definitley go back and bring my friends and family.
This place has taken my #1 spot for soup dumplings! The skin is soooooo thin and the inside is so juicy . $5.95 for 6 buns, free on the house if you order $10 worth of food. We also ordered the braised deep fried pig hoof that was melt-in-your-mouth tender as well as a chicken pan fried noodle that tasted pretty typical. Prices are cheap and reasonable. Service was mediocre. Staff could be friendlier. I could definitely overlook that to come back for some yummy noms!
My friends love the place so much. It's like $34 for three of us. We love eating here. The Buns are different from Nanxiang (I personally prefer the Nanxiang ones),and the 上海粗面 is better here than Nanxiang's.
This place was very good. Best Shanghai buns I have had. I had both the crab and pork ones and the soup from them was very tasty and savoury. I will be coming back. The restaurant itself was very clean and decorated beautifully. It has Asian paintings all over the place and there is ample seating. In the end I was gifted a soup in which I don't exactly know the name of but it contained eggs rice and doughy bits that were very chewy. It was sweet but a nice finisher to my meal. They also have an opening promo where they give you a free order of shanghai buns. To sum up my review:Shanghai buns are amazingDecorated beautifullyAmple seating Nice and cleanOpening promoI will come back again!
Clean airy and bright, no unwanted smell, their speciality a are the soup dumplings - I par with Joe Shanghai
Thumbs up!! Went here for dinner earlier tonight. There was a bit of a wait for a table of 5, but I don't think we waited longer than 10-15 minutes. The waitress was super nice and took our order while we waited. She even gave us the free order of steamed soup dumplings without us mentioning about the Yelp deal! Once we sat down at our table, our food came immediately so that was a plus since we were in a bit of rush. I felt that the noodle portions were pretty big too. Food was very good! We had the Shanghai udon, rice cakes with chicken, 2 orders of soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with and without beef, fried buns and tofu. Great food and great company we will definitely be back.
In soft opening. This replaced the $5 box lunch space. Operated by the owner of Corner28, the menu is filled with the he ubiquitous Shanghainese options. Crab dumplings are good with need to be placed in a bigger bamboo steamer as the dumplings stuck to each other when expanded from the steam. Spacious and service is efficient. It's a nice sit down restaurant that you could hold a conversation and thoughtful dishes.
Thank Chinese Jesus, I've finally found amazing Dim Sum in NYC!  Came to Flushing to fight a red light bicycle ticket at the traffic courthouse down the street and happily wandered into You Garden for breakfast after I finished.  I won the case if you were wondering.  Two wins actually, since I found this place.  For breakfast, you must try the scallion pancake with sliced beef.  Dumplings were beautiful little baskets of love.  Service was excellent.  Will come back with more people and order more in the near future.  Thank you You Garden!  Full and happy!
Hot soy milk is a must get!  Soup dumplings were great too.  Buy 1 get 1 free! Fair warning -  the wait can be very long! Went with a group of 6 and waited for 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon.
Their beef pancake is the best that I've ever eaten. Even on a diet, I had to save all my calories one day to travel 30 minutes to get one takeout beef pancake... and eat the whole thing in one sitting.  Nan xiang dumpling houses' beef pancake has more beef but I don't even look that direction any more after having this beef pancake. The scallion pancake is incredibly crispy, flaky and not dripping with grease. They can use a more beef in the beef to scallion pancake ratio but that's all I can ask for.Yes, I ate a LOT of the other stuff here.. xiao long bao, wuxi spare ribs, fried yellow croaker, turnip puff, braised pork shank, noodles.. but they were all forgotten after I had the beef pancake.
Very authentic Shanghainese food and free XLB with purchase, the veggie chicken reminds me of something I had 30 years ago...Lots of cheap, small dishes. $50-60 will feed 4 people easily.Couple of minor things:1. They could use some better tea2. The gap between booth and table was too wide, I almost had to reach out every time.The shop rite mat was hilarious.Probably same owner as Corner 28 since they use their bags.
We reserved a table for 7 however we were not let in until all 7 people arrived at the place. We waited for a little. We checked in on yelp and had a free tray of xiao long baos, they were good! The chicken was rubbery and hard for the chicken wine brewed? cold platter.. the saucey red pork was a bit too sweet for my taste, they included quail eggs in that dish which was good. We had a dessert on the house, it was this egg drop soup thingy with tangyuan and some hint of alcohol in it. It tasted so good!
Very authentic Shanghainese food! Pleasantly surprised. It's very crowded on a Saturday morning, mainly all shanghaineses. my parents and I waited about 20 mins before we were seated. The place is clean. The dishes they have are typical shanghainese like salty soft tofu soup, pork soup dumpling, rice cake with fermented veggies. One thing in happy about is that they don't rush you like some busy restaurants do. Oh yea, they are doing promotion, you get 6 pork soup dumplings for  free if you purchase 10 dollars or more. Overall, it's 6-8 per dish, so it is not one the cheaper restaurants in flushing but worth it for the good taste.
While I'm hesitant to write a bad review for any restaurant because I truly understand how hard it is to run a restaurant, I had to let this one out and I'll keep it short. My wife and I got seated at 9:10pm, all the dishes (appetizers, entrees, deserts) came at the same time at around 9:25pm, the waiter came with the check and their complimentary soups at 9:40pm, just let that sink in... At this point, we were nowhere near finish and they actually took away my plate while I was still working on my food, and the waiter even had the audacity to ask me if I was done, WTF!!! Don't you see me chewing on this tasty rib (their ribs are pretty good, forgot what they are called). Anyway, their xiao long bao was flavorful and juicy but I wouldn't say the best in the area. I think most people come to this place because they have this special promotion going on where if you spend over 10 bucks you get an order of xlb for free. I hope the management of this place can take notice of their service and improve on that because their food is pretty decent in Flushing standards.If you are one of those people who don't like to read long review, my advice would be to skip this place and head straight to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao that's right next to the Route 495, it's easier to find parking over there and the service is about 85 times better than this place.
I am a shanghainese and this place just reminds me of my childhood! This is the second best shanghainese food I found in America. Service was great because the waiters and waitresses actually speaks shanghainese. And the price is so affordable. One more important thing to mention, it was hot in the restaurant so I kept fanning myself, but a few mins later someone actually turned on the ac! It is amazing that people pay attention to your needs without asking! It definitely deserves a 5 star rating from me.
Well, the food is okay but extremely slow. I wait at least for 30 min for my buns. Besides, it is crowded and the service is terrible.
The service was great here! The food was not bad. The exterior of the  steam dumplings felt a bit dry and not too moisturized but the soup base makes up for it. The fried fish appeitzer is delicious! But watch out because some has bones in them. If you come here, you must try the chicken soup they have (it's on the last page of the menu). It taste like homemade soup
Delicious soup dumplings! The one free order of pork soup dumpling promotion is awesome too (: The broth is very flavorful and the dumplings are big. The servers seemed nice and the place is new,clean, and has nice decor.First time, had to wait 30 minutes for a table of 3 on a weekend afternoon. Second time, we had no wait since we came at 1130am on a weekday, but shortly after, there were people lining up.Definitely coming back
My friends love it here, I personally think it's just okay. I'm not a fan of Xiao Long Bao so I ordered the Shang Hai Fried Udon noodle and it was sooooo oily, so bland, there was no way I can finish it. Service is poor. After we ate, the servers some how lost our checks and we waited 30 minutes to be checked out.
My family of 7 came here on a Monday night for a small celebratory dinner. They have a somewhat big table in the front of the restaurant which can fit about 6-7 people comfortably. All other seating within the restaurant seems to be booth seating or small tables.The food here is pretty on point. We ordered a variety of dishes from their menu and had a lot of leftovers. I've starred my favorites below. Ones not starred were not my favorites BUT did not taste bad; I just didn't like them as a personal preference thing.Bean & Pig Trotter SoupChicken SoupChicken in Wine Sauce* - Great flavor in the chicken, which is important in this dish.Spicy Beef and TripeShanghai Style Udon NoodleRice Cake with Shredded Pork*Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns* - Great crab flavor, soup was not overwhelmingly "sticky" like Joe's Shanghai can be. Filling and skin ratio was good.Sauteed Tofu with Salted Preserved Egg Yolk and Shrimp* - I've gotten to really enjoy these new dishes that use slated preserved egg as a flavor enhancer. This was hands down my favorite of the night. Tofu was soft and silky, even my 4 year old loved it.Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed* - not oily, very fresh and tasty fishBraised Fish Belly in Brown SauceCurry Casserole PotThe service was sort of slow; the servers rarely came to check on us even though the restaurant was not super busy. Being that we were the only table in the front of the restaurant I suppose they did not think to come and check on us.We received one free Steamed Pork Bun with our order. They churn out the buns pretty quickly, at least on Monday night with medium level of business. We asked them to stagger the buns as we ordered 4 (+1 free so 5).The decor is very modern and a nice change from all the typical "Chinese" restaurants on the same block.I am definitely looking forward to coming back and trying their pan friend buns, fried bun with chives and egg and scallion pancakes.
Had some dim sum plans cave in on us so we decided to hit up Shanghai You.You wouldn't look twice walking down the street in Flushing, you've seen one restaurant, you've seen them all- and the facade looks just the same. But when you enter, it's zippy, clean, beautiful- a bit of an oasis on 40th Road.We were seated immediately, menus and hot tea ready to go. Service is extraordinary. The menu isn't super extensive for dim sum- but they have plenty of entrees. We ordered the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and the Steamed Pork Buns- so different from most of the dim sum places around the way. Heavy, almost bread-y but were definitely worth it. We ordered Udon Noodles and Beef Noodles to round everything out. The menu does lack a lot of the delicacies like spicy jellyfish or even pork buns- but the food is choice. Absolutely would come back to this spot.
Came here on the Saturday of the Mother's Day weekend around 6:20pm and there was already a line out the door.  We got a number and they said about 15-20 mins.  We waited 50 mins for a table for 4.  Luckily we stuck around and didnt cave into my wife's complaining about the long wait....she's the one who suggested the place!The seating was very spacious...they dont try to cram as many people into the place like at Joe's Shanghai.  We ordered 2 crab and 1 pork soup dumplings a (free pork soup dumpling), rice cakes with veggies and pork,   special spare ribs, general tso's chicken (lapse in judgement on our part) and snow pea tips.  Everything was delicious.  The soup dumplings were very juicy and I would say a decent size.  The snow pea tips were a little old but still very tasty. Everything came out quickly and was nice and hot.  After dinner they served a glutinous ball dessert soup on the house.  My mother even enjoyed the food...and you know how picky mothers can be!The only con I could report on was the single co-ed bathroom which was not very clean at all.
If you don't speak mandarin or any relations that sounds like it. Good luck! Granted to miscommunications. Let's get on with the review! Food was good and the deal can't be beat. we ordered 2 orders of the yummy goodness of the soup dumplings and got 1 for free! Yes, even though you checked in and it says you get a free order of soup dumplings. Doesn't mean you go in and just cop that and bounce! That's not how business works! *hint*hint*. The dumplings were good. Reasons. Weren't these the same ladies that use to work down on Prince St.!? Didn't expect a line for it. Just because they switched places!? Well this little spot is own by the infamous rice boxers from across the street! Corner 28. I think they're monopolizing that area !? Congrats to them. Reasons why I gave it 3 stars is cause. We asked 4 waiters about an order we had that never came. They shook their heads as if they were going to get it. But simply ignored and went on to their own tasks. Another star down cause of one of the servers gave a bit of an attitude when we simply only wanted an additional minute before ordering! Be NICE! but overall food was good! Hopefully you will not encounter the issues I had to go through! I will come back and give them another shot with prices like this and quality this good. It's worth a 2nd shot.
This establishment has quickly becomes one of the busiest restaurants in downtown flushing. That says a lot. The soup dumplings is one of the very best around. The menu carries a lot different varieties as well. It is too bad the wait is a bit long for me that affect the dining experience a bit. They do offer give a complimentary order of  pork soup dumplings if your bill goes over $10 which means pretty much free for each visit.
My fave fave favvvvve soup dumpling in all of NYC. This place gets packed during dinner hours, but trust me when I say this place is worth the wait. You get to watch your beautiful soup dumplings made as you wait!
I wanted to try something new and was in the mood for soup dumplings but didn't want to go to Joe's Shanghai or Nan Xiang Long Bao so we ended up here. It's actually a really really nice restaurant and the atmosphere is pretty authentic and accurate in terms of Chinese culture. It seems more like a hot spot for elder Chinese folks so you might end up seeing a lot of family styled dinners. If you check in you also get a free order of soup pork dumplings. We also got the pork stir fried noodles and the beef scallion pancakes. This place definitely beats the other two more well known restaurants. Menu is relatively cheap and only paid a little less than 12 bucks for 3 items. Would definitely recommend to others and will be back!
Often crowded but waiting time wasn't too long. Food wasn't too bad but the prices weren't really worth it and from the two times I went there to eat with friends, the time it took for the food to come out was long. It is definitely a plus that the cashier lady was nice enough to let me charge my phone while we were waiting, so I would rate customer service 9/10. Pros: Pretty good food, customer service Cons: Slightly high prices, long time for food to come out
The wait is forever to get a table.  Free Xiao Long bao with check in and a purchase over $10.  The portion are for single servings aka small.  So please order two if you are hungrrrry...just for yourself.  I wouldn't even share if you are hungry.  Double up on everything because by the time you sit down...you will be starving.  I unfortunately got seated near the door and every person was crowding around my table which made my dining experience sucked.   The food wasn't bad and prices were reasonable.    A great substitute from nanjang xiao lao bao on Prince St.
The xiaolongbao is the most authentic I've had in a while, better than those at Cafe China, which even has a Michelin star! The food comes in big portions and is surprisingly cheap. Everything tasted really fresh. It's definitely a long subway ride from Manhattan but it was worth it. I would not get the spicy wonton again, but the pork dumplings and xiaolongbao definitely made up for it.
Worth restaurant. You better know the boss or manager to get fast server. Otherwise, wait for their old customers and friends finished eating. And that will be your chance to seat.
Not really sure what all the hype is around this spot.  My wife saw this new Shanghainese restaurant pop up on yelp with 4.5 stars while driving in through the area to pick up some groceries so we decided to make a stop here.When we arrived, we saw a number of people inside waiting to be seated so that seemed like a plus, right?  Patrons dining plus tons more waiting = good food?  The wait was about 20 mins but in reality it was 30 mins.  As we were seated, we just wanted to sample just a few dishes so we opted for their soup dumplings, fried tiny buns (my favorite shanghainese dish) and rice cakes with minced pork and preserved veggies.  Food came out rather quick but the food tasted bland all around.  Thinking it may have been me and my faulty taste buds since I am recovering from an illness, I had to ask my wife and she said the same thing.  The soup dumplings came in an order of 6 but the flavor was lacking and odd in some of them.  The fried tiny buns were a disappointment as they were too big like eating those mantou buns.  They also needed to be a bit crispier on the bottom.  The rice cakes tasted like cardboard.  All in all, not a spot I'd ever venture back here.  For better soup dumplings in flushing, go hit up Kung Fu on Main St.
Had dinner here last Saturday.  We had really good classic Shanghai dim sum: smoked fish, Xiaolongbao, pan fried buns, and a couple of vegetable dishes.  The food was all really tasty, and prices are reasonable.  Sole complaints are the long lines, cash only, and do NOT order their signature jumbo Xiaolongbao (is filled only with soup, is a gimmick--stick to the traditional small XLB instead).  Would happily come back.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! only wished that parking around that area was a little more reasonable. We tend to avoid Flushing like the plague now, since the parking is so atrocious! Other than that, we LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
I have found it; my new favorite cheap Chinese restaurant. SO cheap that it's crazy. If you order $10 worth of food you get one FREE 6 steamed pork buns (whutt). My friend and I got pan fried pork buns and crispy noodles with shredded pork (and of course the free steamed pork buns), so 3 dishes in total. Let me start off with the steamed pork buns. They're pretty good; it tastes just as good as Nan Xiang! The crispy noodles were really good; the noodles were really crispy, crunchy, and the sauce was tasty too. Okay now let me rave about the pan fried pork buns...A-MAZIN. The bottom of the buns were soooooo crispy that it was crazy. The inside was hot and steaming, very juicy pork inside just oozing with delectable meat juice. Every bite was a party in my mouth. We spent $18 (plus tip and tax) in total...How freakin cheap is that?! Love this place!
Authentic dim sum place. shanghainese dishes for sure.
Loved it.  Tried six different dumplings.  Place is spotless and service was friendly.  My dad enjoyed the whole experience.  Would definitely go back.  My favorite dish was wontons in spicy peanut sauce.
Best soup dumplings!!! Also appreciated the complimentary order with 10$ purchase. Long lineups the Saturday we were there. Waited 40min for a table. Loved the distinct Shanghai flavor in the spicy noodle soup and braised hoof.
Cannot complain - food was awesome, service was terrific and decor is good.  bathrooms are a little gross but overall a very good experience.  We had the soup dumpling, the pork dumpling, and shrimp and the beef.  Everything exceeded our expectations.  I hope to go back.
We waited 15 minutes to get seated for lunch. The place is new so nice and clean. We ordered the gluten and the beef tendon cold dishes. Portions were on the small side especially the beef tendon but it tasted fine. The salty soybean soup was meh, not much taste.  Both versions of the soupy dumplings were just ok. The steamed vegetable dumpling was not good. The beef in scallion pancake and the sautéed Chinese squash were good but I don't think I'll be back. There are better places for this type of food in flushing. Nan bei he (now closed) had the best salty soybean and steamed vegetable dumplings. The best soupy dumplings are in new world mall food court.
This might just be my new go-to. Came here last week to try out the soup dumplings as well as scallion pancakes and they were both delish!The only negative is that the dumpling skins are prone to tearing against the parchment paper in the steamer, maybe lettuce might be a better option? And I'm a little disappointed I didn't get that complimentary order of buns especially since I ordered like $20 worth of food but c'est la vie.
The prices were reasonable. Food was good. We tried two different styles of Chinese rice cakes. both were good. The Xiao long bao, salt veg noodle soup, fried dumplings, and fried pork buns were all quite decent. They give a free order of Xiao long bao with order over $10. There is also free sweet fermented rice wine soup with the meal. This is a plus. The only negative is half their staff are not friendly at all. The other half are nice. The place is busy. If they can get the staff to be nice, I think they "can keep" and "attract" more customers. Everything is about service, service, service. Make people feel welcome !!! People go there to spend money.We would go back again if we ever go to Flushing again.
Love the fact that they gave us free soup dumplings and dessert! Soup dumplings are good, very soupy. If you like nan Xiang soup dumplings in flushing, I would say this one definitely beats it. I'm not a big fan of nan Xiang. Noodles are okay.
Food is ok, but service is Not. WE did not eat the Steamed Buns , the waiter asid we ate them.but is ok, If you out of it, you can just say so. we are ok with, but you can not said we ate it.very angry......... will not come again!
Great find! A new restaurant only opened few weeks ago and already packed with customers! A samples a few dishes, soup dumplings, pan fried baos, Chinese Okra, fried fish with seaweed wrapper, some noodles and scallion pancakes with beef. Everything was delicious, not one thing was disappointed! Service was excellent and place is nice and well deco. We will definitely be back soon!
I got to this restaurant at around 6:30 on a Saturday night and our party of 4 waited around an hour until we were seated. Make sure to check in with a server when you get there and get a number from them. The staff seemed only fluent in mandarin and when customers tried to speak in English or Cantonese the staff ignored them. In the end, we found a waiter who was willing to take our order as we pointed to the pictures on the menu. (I'm guessing the reason why their menu is in Chinese, English, Korean, and Spanish is so that customers would be able to communicate with the waiters without words.) The interior is much nicer than the exterior. We ordered a steamed crab meat pork bun and a complimentary steamed pork bun, a shanghai special chicken, a deep fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed, a shanghai pan fried udon noodle, a turnip puff, and the large steamed soup bun. The servings were rather small, but for the price, I think it was worth it. Everything was rather good. For some reason, I thought that the large steamed soup bun would be similar to the large shanghai bun served in manhattan, but it doesn't have any meat inside and is just soup wrapped in dumpling skin.
Just open.  The soup dumplings are really good.  Love the decor too.  Will definitely come again.
I was there for lunch, had their drunken chicken, shanghai thick noodle, steam pork bun and pan fried pork bun. I liked everything, will definitely return.
We are here expecting a 4 star experience.  The staff rushes people through.  The food is just okay.  We've lived in Asia and have eaten a lot of Shanghai food.  The large soup dumpling was bland, the pork bun was dense and bland, the duck was cold and bland.  The pork soup dumplings were okay but many places in Queens are better.  Even the Ginger was bland.  We won't be back.
I came to this restaurant with one of my colleagues from school and we were both satisfied.  This is a very nice place.   I like their food.  I'll go back again.
The soup dumplings is probably best in flushing, paper thin dough oozing with lush broth waiting to hit your tongue. The eight treasure noodle soup is simply amazing.  It has eight different ingredients Pork, bamboo, peanuts, pea and four ingredients and mild spicy tang to it, totally slurp worthy.  The braised pork leg or feet is absolutely succulent, perfectly fat to meat ratio. The fat melts in your mouth like a phenomenal piece of toro.  Definitely worth making a trip from the manhattan and go for authentic shanghainese food.  Service was good, very attentive. Will be back very soon.
I've been here a lot of times and besides seating be a little tight (though not as tight as another older shanghainese spot in Flushing), I cannot complain about here and this is now my go to spot for really good Shanghainese eats. I love their noodles and their wontons and their soup dumplings also are better than the other spot I mentioned before. Way better. Plus for now the soup dumplings are free for a check over 10 bucks. And please do try the pig knuckle, you will not regret it especially it's only 9 bucks and very delicious. Another item I like here are the glutinous rice shumais. Hopefully they can keep up the quality of the food for a very long time.
Nice new soup dumpling place that is clean. Came here with 3 other friends and ordered 2 soup dumplings, one of them was free as there was a special going on. A chicken soup, chicken rice cake, and pan fried noodles with seafood. Word of advice, order only 1 noodle dish, it was a bit overbearing with the amount of carbs.. but that may be a personal opinion. The soup dumplings were very good! I always enjoy that the skin is thin, and the soup was flavorful.  Not my favorite soup dumpling place in Flushing but still very good.  I didn't like how this place didn't have that many choices for cold sides. You will not find them here.
Parking was a big pain.  The restaurant would only sear us when the entire party was there.  Once we actually got seated, the whole experience was great.  The waitress was very helpful and gave us the free order of soup dumplings.  The food was cooked really well.  My FIL said that it was the best Shanghainese food he's eaten in the states.
Loved it here! The service was great! Someone took our dumpling order right away and gave us some time before ordering other items. Waiters were on point with checking if we needed refills or anything taken away. One of my favorite dishes is fried gluten 烤麩 and this place nails it. It's the perfect texture and taste, compared to other places in flushing that make it too salty, oily, or soft. Their rice cake was amazing as well. I know this place is new so I hope they stay this amazing!
This is my favorite new restaurant in Flushing, as people may not know, but the owners of Corner 28 opened Shanghai You Garden.  Another thing you may not know, the head chef who used to work at Nan Xiang is now at You Garden.  Once you walk into the restaurant you'll be pleasantly surprise with the nice decor.  We got seated at the half booth and started looking at the menu, there are so many things we wanted to eat, but there were only two of us.  They got the promotion if you order $10, you'll get one free Steamed pork bun.  We also order the Pan Fried Pork Buns, Spicy noodles with beef.  Everything was delicious!  If you want to eat steamed pork buns/steamed pork crab buns, You Garden is the place to go.  Absolutely the best place to go other than traveling to Taiwan.  Highly recommended!  So much better than Nan Xiang restaurant in Flushing.
Stumbled upon this place last week with my sister and dad, who came to Flushing to try dim sum. Needless to say, my dad really enjoyed it when he's sketchy on trying new foods. We ordered maybe 6 different ones (went more than a month ago, so don't really remember what lol) but we did order the soup dumplings, which always seem to be a must when we have dim sum. Definitely coming back for more :)
Unfortunately Nanxiang was closed today due to the Lunar New Year, so my friend and I decided to check this place out instead. We ordered two servings of crab meat and pork soup dumplings, and an order of rice cakes with beef. As we were waiting for order, we looked over to another table near us and noticed that they had a side of a green vegetable that looked appealing, so my friend asked one of the waitresses what the dish was called. The waitress responded by giving us a look of pure disgust. She called over someone else who explained to us that it was pea shoots, and we went ahead and placed an order for that as well. When the soup dumplings arrived, the first thing we noticed was that they were all pork, with no crab meat as we had ordered (though they still charged us for the ones with crab). Although they were not nearly as good as the ones at Nanxiang, they were decent. Same with the rice cakes, though they were especially greasy, and the beef tasted like it was very cheap meat. Then they brought us the bill.  We noticed that our order of vegetables was $17 so naturally we thought that this was a mistake. We called the waiter over and he verified that in fact the price was correct. As we were ordering our soup dumplings the waiter kept saying something about giving us a free order of dumplings which we did not really understand, but now it was clear that in order to compensate for that, they were overcharging us for this. They even tried to cover up the price with other text on the bill. To put it into perspective, a green vegetable was basically 50% of our check. They were obviously trying to take advantage of us. On the way out the entire walkway of the restaurant smelled like human feces. Like someone actually took a human shit in the restaurant. All in all, this meal came out to $40 for which we received mistreatment and fucked up smells.
The service is not so good. The quality of the food is below average.
I really don't get what the hype is about.  I mean, the Xiao Long Bao is good, but not worth waiting an hour and a half for.  The flavor is not extra special or outstanding, it really is just alright.
Can't say enough about Chef Zhu and his team. Chef Zhu has encyclopedic knowledge of Shanghainese cuisine and it shows in the food that comes out of his kitchen. Take a trip to Shanghai just steps from the 7 train.
Great place for delicious food! The service was great and they are knowledgeable about food allergies and is attentive to your needs.  Best soup dumplings around.  I would recommend this place over Joe Shanghai for food and service!
One of the better XLB places in Flushing, I actually would rate it after Kung Fu and Nan Xiang as the top three in the city. The quality is pretty consistent unlike Joe's Shanghai. The noodles and sides are pretty good too and portions are decent. Highly recommended if you're craving XLB that doesn't have a overly sweet filling and broth (go to A taste of Shanghai for that).
First let me provide you with your warning / guarantee:   This restaurant serves authentic Shanghainese  cuisine. It is prepared to Perfection and it is delicious but it is authentic. If you want to see how shanghainese people eat and experience that cuisine then you must come here. If you want chow mein with Crispy noodles you must stay as far away as possible.My friend and i started with the pickled shredded jelly fish, then chicken soup, then braised pork in a black sauce, then eel in another black sauce.  All delicious! AND!YOU GET AN ORDER OF SOUP DUMPLINGS ON THE HOUSE !!  If more exotic choices are not for you, do not worry: there are many mainstream dishes ( eg. General tso chicken) on the menu.
Waiting line for a table was annoyingly long even on a regular Wednesday afternoon so I put in two orders of crab/pork soup dumplings to-go. Wait was at least fifteen minutes and although the staff were friendly enough, I had to keep my feet off the floor cause I, along with a senior couple and even one of the cooks behind the bar saw a big roach crawl by. That was pretty gross but the soup dumplings were on point.
The soup dumplings are alright here. The skin is a bit thick for my taste. On the bright side though, they give you a free order of pork soup dumplings! My mom and I ordered pork soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, noodle soup with preserved cabbage and pork, and wine chicken. The food overall is decent but I definitely wouldn't wait awhile to try the food. If you're coming on a weekend, you'll most likely have to wait a bit for a table. What I do like about this place though is that the decor is clean and simple. If you can make it out to Flushing on a week day, I'd recommend it, otherwise be prepared to wait for a table.
Just as good (if not better) than Nan Xiang Dumpling HouseI'm so happy to have found a new soup dumpling place in Flushing! First, if you order more than $10 worth of food, you get a **complimentary** order of their soup dumplings which is a great deal. Moreover, the soup dumplings are awesome -- they are a nice size and the broth is really hot. We also got the cold cucumbers with garlic (pretty good) and an order of crispy noodles with pork and a sauce (it was OK). Shanghai You Garden must really be giving Nan Xiang Dumpling House a run for their money... the food is at least as good, and the service and ambience are much better. They open at 8 a.m. and have a breakfast menu, which is also a huge plus since some of my favorite sit-down breakfast places in Flushing have shut down, so this place helps fill that void.
I'm from Shanghai originally, and hope this adds some credibility to my following comments: Authentic Shanghai food doesn't cost much to make. We can use some flour and rice, a little bit pork to make food. Here you have "you tiao", "ci fan gao", "jiu niang yuan zi", "shao mai", and of course, the soup dumplings. These are all involved with cheap ingredients, (yes, we were very poor and had to be cost effective), but good chef will use his magic to turn it to super delicious beautiful food to satisfy Shanghai locals picky taste. Based on my two visits, I can be fairly confident to say, this is the best Shanghai restaurant I've ever found - lowest price, and fabulous dim sum. I haven't tried any other dishes, but the food presented looked beautiful. I'll try their lion head next time when I visit. It's a traditional Shanghai dish and I will be able to tell if that's authentic. See you soon!
The disposable chopsticks bleed color. If you wipe them on the napkin, you will see brown stains =/. The food is good, but not any better than other restaurants that offer Shanghainese cuisine.
I just heard about this place having good soup dumplings and wanted to try it out. I came with my friend for dinner at about 7:30pm on a weekday and I was worried there would be a long wait but we literally just had to wait 30 seconds. We ordered one pork soup dumplings, one pork and crab soup dumplings, fried spare ribs in wuxi style, a chicken soup, and beef scallion pancake. Everything was delicious! The soup dumplings are good and I've been to many soup dumpling places. The crab and pork ones are more complex and you can definitely taste the crab in these unlike some other places. Also, the black vinegar on the table was really good. It might be odd to compliment a condiment but we found it to be clean and complex. Perfect dipping sauce with the shredded ginger. We saw the ribs from another table that looked good and asked what they were (after quietly debating if we should be kind of rude and ask). We're glad we did! They were delicious and they go well with the bit of bok choy underneath. The chicken soup was standard for a chinese restaurant we just wanted a soup to share. The beef scallion pancake was good as well. Perfectly crispy, not too oily, and the hoisin sauce in it was delicious maybe just have a little more inside.The decor is nice and the service was good. We're definitely coming back to try other foods. It seems like they do all the Shanghai foods well. The pork soup dumplings were no charge because of their over $10 deal.
When I came there was a 10 minute wait and the restaurant was extremely crowded. I had high hopes considering all the great reviews on yelp. Before we were seated the manager(?) was quite rude and rushed me and my friend to our table. We ordered the rice cakes with shredded chicken, pan fried dumplings, shanghai shui mai, and we were given complimentary pork soup dumplings, which was nice a nice touch. Most of the food we ate was bland. The only things we truly enjoyed were the pan fried dumplings and the soup dumplings. Maybe we didn't order the right things but everything else was definitely lacking flavor. Bottom line, we didnt enjoy the bland food, the rushed manager, and one of the rude waiters we encountered.
We ordered Spicy Beef & Tripe, steamed pork bun, steamed crab meant pork buns and a warm sweet soy bean milk. The steamed crab pork bun was better than any place around the area. Their beef and tripe was very tender. You can get complimentary Steamed pork bun when you order more than $10 since it's their Grand Opening. They also surprised us with a complimentary dessert. The service here is pretty decent. What I like the most other than their soup dumpling is the decorations.
Soup dumplings are to die for! My two rating is for the service, not a fan of the waiters - I always feel rushed.
This place is so much better than the currently better known but like 3x times more expensive "Joe Shanghai" which is overhyped. Shanghai You Garden offers amazing prices for amazing food! The prices lets you order so much different kinds of foods to try at an unbeatable price. It really serves up well if you like to try the whole menu and not break the bank eating delicious Chinese Shanghainese food. To start, their soy milk is soooo delicious, so smooth and tasty. Had to order 3 for myself during the course of my meal with my family and friends. Their noodles are tasty, especially their fried noodles with the options of beef and chicken and seafood. They have a dish that ive never seen or tasted before which tasted amazing! Kung Po Eel which was a most definitely delicious and different and unique dish. Definitely worth trying and you can "do it for the gram" or "do it for the snap" and show off your adventurous dish. Their soup dumplings are soupy and tasty, which has more flavor than Joe Shanghai. You have your choice of Pork, and crab. They come steamy hot and fresh as they are made fresh every single time. You can see the ladies wrapping them up when you first walk into the restaurant in the kitchen behind the glass. Creating each delicious soup dumpling one at a time. They have this pretty good "drunken chicken", quality chicken meat. You also have a choice of some beef   and other pork dishes. Definitely have to go and try out the menu yourself, which wont actually break your wallet and bank as you do so ;) lol which is always a great quality of a restaurant that also offers a tremendous taste for your mouth and belly XP
Forget Joe's. *This* is the place for soup dumplings. So delicious and flavorful, non graesy, lots of excellent items on the menu. And service was great, seating wasn't cramped or small, just so much better than any soup dumpling place I've been to in a long time, both in Flushing and in Manhattan. Highly recommended (though prepare for a bit of a wait).
The environment is good and food are very delicious.I often come here but this morning there was a waitress that engage me in a stomach gas .first she bowed her face to speak very red just like who owes her money .I bring a child but she will not ask you If you need baby chair or plastic tray fork like other waiter. It does not matter there is not enough tissue to use and we need to ask her for it.the important thing is there are two guests who are next to my table they have two bowls of bean curd a fried fritters and did not leave a tip for her .she said to the other waiter "they did not leave a tip you can not ask for?"and then said if can not afford to eat please don't come while she was cleaning the table .and lot of guests have heard this word.when I checked and I wanted package ,she asked me which to pack . I ordered total four things and every thing eat only half,  I said all packed and she went with the cashier to talk with their language which I could not understand.But I can imagine what she said like before she said to the two guests.After I checked I didn't leave tips for her.she came to say that the beauty of the bill does not include tips! I said I knew I was not the first time to eat ,your attitude is so bad! I want to leave ,she spoke in the back that did not see such a person! Even my child say that the aunt is not good !The tip is based on waiter's service that is good or bad . I never given no tip but today this person is too bad to eat and eat a stomach gas.
This place is bustling! We got take out here after a day at Spa Castle. Good food at reasonable prices. Not everyone speaks great English but the staff is friendly and attentive. Tables are close together. I might prefer Nan Xiang xiao long bao for dining in. We got assorted dumplings, spicy beef tendon and black fungus. Those leftover mushrooms made an awesome omelet the next morning!
This restaurant is as legit as it gets! As someone who ate Shanghainese food growing up, I'm extremely particular about how authentic "shanghainese" food is in NY- this place totally fits the bill. This restaurant has been featured in numerous magazines and tv shows and has become somewhat of a must for Asians in the vicinity. I recommend the deep fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed. The outside fried layer is fried to a crisp, but not to the point of becoming excessively oily, and the inside fish just falls into your mouth. It's the best fried fish I've had in the states. The restaurant also gives you a complimentary set of soup dumplings once you hit a minimum (I forgot the minimum, but the soup dumplings were delicious-tasted similar to din tai fung's). They also serve the large soup dumplings where you use a straw to sip the soup, but I've never been a fan so I'll leave others to be the judge of their large soup dumplings. Will definitely be coming back.... OFTEN.
The soup dumplings were surprisingly good. Heard from the grape vine that a chef from nanxiang had been hired here. However, wasn't a big fan of the scallion pancakes. Not my first choice but a decent backup.
The service was terrible. They sat us down at a table near the doors, away from the rest of the restaurant and completely forgot about us. We flagged them down multiple times and they still never came over. It wasn't until we stood up and walked over to them that they even remembered to give us menus!! The table was very dirty. There were pieces of food all over the chairs.   We asked them for a cloth to wipe it down ourselves and they refused! After a lot of asking, one of the employees used their hands to slap the chairs all while very annoyed. The food is average at best. I highly doubt I will recommend this place to any of my friends.
Honestly, these are the best soup dumplings that I have ever had in the world. Better than Din Tai Fung in Asia and better than Joe Shanghai's in NYC. The dumplings are huge and the skin is nice and thick so it doesn't break easily. Customer service is friendly and the food is excellent. Check in on yelp for a free order on soup dumplings ($5.95 value)! I will definitely be back for more. Just be prepared for at least 30 minute wait on weekends.
New, clean, lots of space - and soup dumplings. I thought all the food was great, the staff was really nice, and would be happy to go again and again. I definitely think this place is special and would be deserving to get all the press and blog mentions et cetera. I was surprised that it is owned by Corner 28, but maybe this is their version of going upscale. Hey, if this is that, then I am totally down for it.
Definitely gives Nan Xiang a run for its money. A lot of the dishes are similar and are prepared very similarly, with a nearly identical menu to Nan Xiang. The soup dumplings are comparable in texture but have slightly different flavors. The crab soup dumplings here taste crabbier. Definitely get the salty green mochi they have up front, it's amazing! This is definitely a place to go for standard Shanghainese fare (rice cakes, crispy noodles, cold dishes), and the customer service here is quite good too.
Is "total" a really hard English word to understand? Clearly, some waiters do not understand it.We ordered in Chinese and still got the order wrong. We told the waiter instantly when we know the order was wrong and they were like "o well, deal with it" kinda attitude. If you don't mind that, then it's okay.
The worst place for dining.  The employees were in the lala land.  Forgot what we ordered-juicy buns-exactly what the place sales and named after.  The waiters blamed on each other.  However, they brought 2 sauces for the juicy buns right after we placed the order.   Not so smart.
The Xiao Lung Bao's here are excellent especially with their free offer 1 order Xiao Lung Bao's when you spend $10.  I order the spicy beef noodle soup. The flavor is good. But, they needed to tenderize the beef more.  Another advantage they have over Nan Xian Xiao Long Bao is they have. More food selection on their menu.
Dad really wanted to come here because he kept seeing the advertisement on the Chinese channel. We waited for about 30 minutes before we were seated. Though it was fully staffed, there were times when you couldn't find a waiter in sight. The food was okay. Nothing to wow about. They were out of pig ear and spicy chicken feet and we were told that sometimes they just don't make 'em. The jellyfish was more turnip than jellyfish and the pan fried noodles was typical. The rice cake with pork and veggies was pretty good though. All in all, it's alright. Not spectacular but not bad either.
Service bad bad bad and rush you to leave although no one waiting outside. Waiter came near the table every 5 mins and wanted to clear yr dishes fast although it's not finished. Same happened to some friends who ate there. Terrible.
Not my type! I was born on shang Hai, butthis xiao Long bao is not taste well as Real Shang Hai Xiao Long Bao. The meat is not fresh enough, but ok. I am not recommend this place as first come visitor.
Simple DELICIOUS SOUPY DUMPLINGS ever. I am a total soupy dumplings fan and this place is it.  Really tasty dishes ( i love the xiao lun bao - soupy dumplings ) the most.  lol.. but beef noodle soup was great too.  And among appetizers like drunken chicken. Prices are great, seating are comfortable.  Try them out :)
Best soup dumplings in the city. I think they are also still having a free order of soup dumplings (xiao long bao) special with your meal because they just opened! Either way, This place is a legit Chinese restaurant in Flushing (aka the closest to China you'll get in the US), where you know the food is the real deal because most of the clientele is Asian! Of note, there are also English speakers and importantly, clear, good quality pictures on the menu to help those of us who don't speak Chinese get our authentic and delicious Chinese meal fix on! (Or those of us that are half Asian like me and should speak more Chinese but don't). Check this place out - trust me, you won't regret it.
This restaurant deserves a five star review on its food. Way better soup dumplings compared to Nanxiang dumpling house. The soup was rich and tasty, and the dough was the right amount of thickness and chewiness. And you got one order for free for their grand opening. The only thing I was not so impressed was their service. They were attending but the order could work out better. We finished our meal with the appetizer the fried dough aka youtiao at last. I'm very happy to see more and more authentic Mandarin Chinese restaurants popping up in flushing and would really like to see their efforts not only on bringing good food but also good services to all customers.
Really enjoyed eating here. Efficient line where you get a ticket and you can go around Flushing while waiting for a table to clear. Also, you get free soup dumplings with orders over $10, which is THE BEST THING EVER and those things are as tasty as they get. They also give you this free sweet gelatinous rice ball soup thing, which is also great because it's free and pretty good! In NYC, it's so rare to get things for free. We also ordered the tofu egg shrimp dish, which is incredibly rich but good. Their turnip pastries also had ham (I think) inside in addition to turnip, which was a nice surprise and not usually part of the recipe. However, I enjoyed it. The only thing I regretted ordering is the large soup dumpling for $2.99. For some reason, they gave me the crab one and inside it was only broth. No crab meat. Just oily, crab-flavored broth inside the skin of the dumpling. I understand why they gave me a straw to drink from, but literally there was no meat which is expected of a bao.Fast, attentive service.
love the free soup bun after $10 of purchase during dinner time. food is amazing and price is great, Service in the other hand is soso but nice area and I will go again.
Very disappointed compare to the first time we went! We order 6 dishes in total. 4 came very quick. 2 were not. 30 mins later, we asked where the food are. The lady went to check, came back saying they had the order down. Ok! 5 mins later, one dish came and we still missing one, which was only a simple vegetable rice. So we waited! Took another 10 mins before it came to the table. There were a lot of people working there. But it just a totally fail on getting the order to the table. Not to mention we had asked a few times.
Very authentic! Love the soup dumpling there and other dishes.
been here a few times. food has improved. great svc and comfy seating. dont order the big bun, its just thick skin with broth inside..
always come back here for food. soooooo nice. traditional taste even hard to find in shanghai nowadays. bring me back to childhood memory.
Great Shanghainese cuisine. The place can be a little hard to find, for those not familiar with Flushing. But really worth the trip. The seating is really spacious, lots of room at the table for all the great little snacks. Will be back soon.
This is so far THE best steam soup buns place in NYC.  The flavor is very authentic, for most dishes, and not pricy at all.  They also serve food fast, and have for sure above-average service as a Chinese restaurant.
My new spot for soup dumplings and anything shanghainese. Way to step up to the plate You Garden. Awesome decor and service as well... Let's see how long before you have to wait for a table.
This place serves delicious soup dumplings of both the pork and crab variety. The pan fried dumplings and buns were a bit too toasty on the bottom and left much to be desired. The staff were attentive and this coupled with the attractive well-lit decor with clean and comfy seating areas means I'm looking forward to coming back for another round of soup dumplings.
Great service and clean environment. It's my second time there and I'm definitely impressed by the customer service and the cleaniness.
Bad service. Made reservation and arrived on time, but still waited in line for 40 more minutes. Not sure how the reservation works. The manager kept saying "Another 5 minutes." If you want to get something to eat on time, skip this place.
Probably one of the worst Shanghainese restaurants that I have ever been to.  If you are Shanghainese and foodie, you definitely will not be impressed by the food quality.  We ordered jelly fish appetizer and it was so salty.  The Kau Fu wasn't nicely made, so oily.  Fish head casserole was horrible.  The soup doesn't taste like Shanghainese style at all and the fish head wasn't even cooked and we had to send it back.  Sautéed eel was another disaster.  Will never go back to the restaurant again.
2.5 stars for the food and 0.5 extra star for the ambience.The food is mediocre at best. We ordered the bean cud where the tofu was way too firm. The eel was obviously frozen and not fresh. The fried dough was a bit stale and the skin of the steamed dumpling was way too thick.I have been on the hunt for a good shengjian bun place throughout 5 boroughs for the last couple years. After the waitress told me there was a 15-25 minutes wait for the shengjian bun I really had my hope up. What a let down! It came out closer to pan fried beef buns (Google the word "牛肉煎包" if you want to know what it is) than shengjian bun. The bottom was not crispy and the top was way to mushy. Consider that both A Taste of Shanghai and Nanxiang Dumpling House are no more than 2 blocks away, I am not in a hurry to come back here any time soon.
This place was awesome! Amazing dumplings for a great price! It was clean, beautiful, and surprisingly not packed so it's a perfect atmosphere! I would go back for the soup dumplings, chive pancake, and the seafood dumplings are a must! :) even the tea they serve is great and it's right next to the 7 Subway stop.
I was really surprised by this place. It was located on one of the dingier streets in Flushing and I have passed by it many times. When you go in, it has actually really nice ambiance with good decor. The food was also very good and the free order of soup dumplings makes it an amazing value. I personally loved the sweet tofu soup as their tofu is very silky. The soup dumplings have good skin, lots of soup and tastes of what the filling should be. The service was also very fast. I would definitely come back and will be bringing others with me next time.
Came on a weekend afternoon for lunch. Very crowded. We asked about the waiting time, and they told us it should not be very long. However, we waited more than 30 minutes!! The thing is that we only have two people and they give priority to group 3 or 4, and we saw a lot of people coming later than us get seated before us. Then finally it's our turn, but it turns out we need to share the four seats table with another couple! If you are going to set up like this, you need to ask and confirm with the customers first! We did not eat, so no comment on the food. But's in flushing, a place full of authentic Chinese food!
New restaurant in downtown Flushing.  Soup Dumplings are fresh and delicious.  Try the Braised bean curd.  It is excellent.  Staff is very friendly and attentive.  Most speak excellent English and welcome all patrons.  Very clean... including bathrooms.  A must for newbies to soup dumplings. Crab is real crab.
I arrived here at 12:30pm on a Saturday. We were a group of two and we were seated within 15 minutes.  There is still an unadvertised special: we ordered a basket of crabmeat/pork soup dumplings for $7 and we got a free order of pork soup dumplings! We got this last time when we stopped in at 10am.  I think this time was so much better. I think that we got frozen leftovers last time and, this time, the soup dumplings were fresh! We also ordered the steamed veggie dumplings.  Don't get that. It was such a disappointment after the soup dumplings. These were so dry that we ended up dunking them into our noodle soup. We had ordered the vegetable noodle soup. My mom isn't into spicy food and the choices of noodle soup were mostly spicy ones. If you like shitake mushrooms, this soup is heavily flavored with these shrooms. Word of warning: their soups are cheap and very large! We left the restaurant very stuffed... and for less than $20 (before tip). Highly recommended if you are a lover of soup dumplings.
What i can say bad about this? Nothing. Good service, well ran by a great owner. Food is delicious and seating is comfortable. Its definitely the new gem of Flushing restaurants. Soup dumplings were juicy and moist and flavorful. Much better than the not so good and hyped Joe Shanghai. You can try the pork and crab soup dumplings at a fraction of the joe shanghai prices. Their menu is simple but holds some delicious things you can try. From their fried noodles, to their pork shank, fried fish, jellyfish, soups and delicious soy milk that they make themselves and just so many other choices i am forgetting off the top of my head that ive tried. Get here early because this place can get busy due to that fact that the food here is very good and worth waiting for. You won't be disappointed in the food and the price, you leave this place feeling 1000% satisfied, your stomach and your wallet. lol. This is a huge "DEFINITE" try.
The place was jam packed on a Sunday around lunch but we got a table for two in about 10 minutes so the wait wasn't bad at all.  We ordered 3 items-- soup dumplings, shrimp and veggie pan fried noodles.  The veggie pan fried noodles were not a menu item but all other shnaghinese places make it whether it is on the menu or not.  I was told by the waitress that they don't make it.  It has to come with meat or seafood.  I asked why they can't make it without meat or seafood and I was told that it would not taste good without meat.  I explained that other competitors make it and I don't eat meat or seafood.  She then asked if I wanted just the pan fried noodles with soy sauce.  I had to reiterate that I wanted veggies.  she then looked annoyed and said she will have them make the pork pan fried noodles minus the pork.  It came out ok.  Nothing spectacular but not bad either.  The soup dumplings which I thought were an appetizer, came out last and only after following up with them.  The taste of the food wasn't bad but the service could use some improvement.
Unlike the street BBQ, this restaurant's BBQ tastes much better than those in the street, especially their texture. I can taste that their meat is much fresher than others.I love the raw beef bbq the most. I used to eat a lot in China. But ever since I come to the US, couldn't find any place to eat this. Make me miss my hometown.Sometimes service is a little bit slow because the store is not that big. But service quality is pretty good. Waiter and waitress are very friendly. I definitely will come here very often. Recommend to you as well.
Love their meat pie(火勺）and lamb soup ( other foods are about average). Poor hygiene and bad services are their biggest spotlight. Yes, they don't care about their consumers. Don't ever expect to receive an average service here cuz they don't have any here. They ignore you since the moment you step in the restaurant. Sometimes, you'd have to service yourself cuz they won't serve you any drink unless you ask.
Try the beef 火勺 (bun?) and the lamb tripe soup. Zouji BBQ (邹记牛肉火勺) is located in the less crowded side of Main street, away from the 7 train. The service here is nice, very polite! The menu is in Chinese and be aware that there is no BBQ available in the morning or early noon hours since the BBQ cook comes in later. The kitchen is is open for other non bbq items on the menu and you might be able to request certain dishes off the menu. For instance, we ordered a couple of the small beef buns, lamb soup, a dozen dumplings but I also ached for something lighter so I asked if there are any veggie offerings. The lady who attended us was able to get the kitchen to fix up some cucumber salad off the menu.These pastry buns (火勺) are small ($0.75 each) and not the fluffy kind. This type of savory pastry supposedly originated back in the 1100's, under Emperor Taizu of Jin as army food. Nowadays there are many variations depending on the region and often considered to be halal. Around Tieling region in Northeast of China, according to wiki Baidu, the locals serve these beef buns alongside the lamb soup. The lamb soup is a milky white broth with diced tripe. With a few sprinkle salt and a bit of adjustment to the game smell of lamb, you'll be enjoying this in no time while pairing it with the buns.Skip the dumplings. While generous in size, the wrapping dough is much too thick.Cash only. 3.75 stars
The 火勺 is really good! Taste exactly like the one I used to eat in my hometown Tieling. Very authetic.I also like their BBQ and cold dish a lot. Especially the raw shrimp. Spicy but taste so good. A very good choice to choose when you are planning to drink a beer.Sometimes they are busy and wait a little bit long. But the food worths the wait.
This is amazing restaurant, not very big, but very clean. Excellent service!  I live in Brooklyn, I used amost like 2hours to drive there, the food is very good, makes me feel like I am in my hometown,I highly recommend it!
Walking in I can see that this is a tiny mom and pop shop, I bought 5 lamb spicy cumin skewers for about 7.50! (will post pictures on my next visit). Holy smokes, this place is now my go to spot for lamb skewers/protein fix. I usually don't like going to street carts to get the skewers due to the cleanliness and getting sick from the food. The lamb here is thicker and chunkier than the street carts. Glad to have this in the neighborhood. Their menu is entirely chinese, so you have to point at the pictures on the wall to tell them what you want! Luckily I can speak/wing out the mandarin.
Nice place to gathering with friends and the food are great! You won't regret coming here to eat these delicious food!! I love their raw beef bbq ,chicken bbq, and huo shao.
The place might be petite but it is packed with flavor. Must order the soup and the pancake on the front page of the menu.  Bbq is awesome as advertised.  However the noodle is just as good. Will come back many more times.
My two favorite items on the menu are the grilled fish and the raw meat on skewer (it does taste like its tossed over the fire really quickly before it's served so it has a perfect medium rare texture). I'm not too familiar with food from northern china, but the skewers here are way better than the street cart bbq skewers. It gives me a new respect for food northerner food. If you like flavorful, spicy food, this is the place for you! The signature item on the menu here is homemade beef pancakes so make sure you order this first as it does take some time to prepare and cook. I drool a bit just thinking about the crispy, flakey texture when you bite down and stopping at the juicy meat stuffed inside. Great place for drinkers. The shop is small and cozy so get here before the line starts to form. The location is a little bit satellite but definitely worth the trip. If you're out late at night and looking for a place for round 2 or round 3, they're open until 2am!
there bbq is sooo good.fresh and teasty.the cold dish is fantastic too,love this place!b
Lucky Restaurant fills a void in my heart that deeply craves Taiwanese food. What could possibly be more satisfying than having stewed pork intestines and duck blood? So fine, I'll admit nostalgia plays an unmistakable role in my appreciation for this restaurant. Still, I wouldn't settle for a weak imitation, so it must be worth something that Lucky Restaurant met my expectations. Everything I've had here is good, which in itself deserves high praise, though there are a few dishes that stand out. The aforementioned spicy pork intestine and duck blood stew is not the best I've ever had, but it's still pretty fantastic. The whole fish in black bean sauce is amazing - if it's available, get it live and with tofu. And you can never go wrong with the braised pork over rice. Also recommended is a house special creatively titled "Pork & Dried Bean Curd Hakkanese Style Stir Fry", which features sa cha sauce (if you've never tried it, it's a uniquely flavored umami bomb). The only thing that's kind of a bummer is the portion size. I do wish their dishes were sized a bit larger. It's not a problem to the degree that it's a dealbreaker, but if you're eating with a hungry party, I'd definitely recommend over-ordering a little. The space is small and plainly decorated. I can't remember if they actually had a drop ceiling and florescent lights, but it's got that sort of vibe. People definitely come for the food. I recommend bringing cash. You can pay with a card if necessary, but bring cash - you'll thank me later. Also, BYOB. There's a deli next door that can accommodate the basics.
I ate at Lucky Restaurant on a weekday afternoon, and I was mostly satisfied with the food and service, though there's room for improvement in both areas.I opted for their lunch special-- I ordered a shrimp and broccoli dish, which came with white rice and soup. The staff worker who took my order was sensitive to my food restrictions, and the person who brought my food to me was exceptionally warm, which I felt thankful for.The shrimp and broccoli was succulent and went well with the sauce it came with. I felt that the chefs put too much broccoli and held back on giving me a good portion of shrimp, which felt disappointing. I also wish that I had a choice of what soup to order, since the spicy one I ate, I didn't like. Another thing that prevented my experience from being a good one, was that a building inspector came and interacted with two staff workers at the restaurant. It felt odd to be dining there while the building inspector was around. Granted, the restaurant staff maybe couldn't control when the inspector came in, but it would've been great for them to talk outside and away from their customers.This isn't my first choice restaurant when it comes to Taiwanese food, but I may give it a second try if I'm in the area again.
Portion is good, price is ok.Did I mention that their tea taste like COCO black tea? I meant it tasted good and refreshing. Mapo tofu was Ma and not too spicy but it has great flavor that drags me into digging in. Three cup chicken and salt and pepper ribs were ok, and smoked pork was a good choice to have.Service was good and attempting.I'm gonna give the cashier a +1 for her sense of humor and attitude. Well done.Definitely will be back again to try the other dishes.
If you're in the mood for Taiwanese food, this is the place to check out! Quality food that comes out quick along with great service. They also accept credit cards!!. Here's the breakdown: Place - located in the other side of Flushing, a small restaurant that pumps out delicious Taiwanese dishes. Make sure to call for reservations. Not much decor but your typical tables you find at dine in Chinese places does the job. Parking can be a bit tough as well. Service - hard workers. They are running around working non stop. During my dinner our waitress was attentive and helpful with recommending dishes. Food - everything we ordered was great. We got the following:Scallion pancakes - just right and not oily.Eggplant app - a cold eggplant appetizer that has a meat sauce over it. Good to eat on by itself or with some rice.Hot & sour soup - really good. It was like a mix of egg drop with hot and sour. Not your typical from to go joints. Minced pork over rice - classic and must order just cause!! Salt and pepper pork chops - can't go wrong. The right amount of spices without being too salty and the chips were meaty. Liver dish? Don't know the name in English but it was good. See if you can spot it in my messy pic lol.Also the vegetable dish It has minced black beans, tofu, peppers, pork, garlic - far right in the pic. Get it!! Overall a great dinner. I'll be back !
Probably one of the best Taiwanese joints I've been to in Flushing. The folks working at/visiting Flushing Hospital just got an incredible new food option dropped in their laps. Went there with a friend and his Taiwanese spouse. We feasted on 3 entrees and 2 appetizers for a grand total of $53. BYOB a huge plus. We basically cleared all the plates. Loved the stinky tofu and the kidney and shrimp (don't knock it till you try it). Definitely going back for more.
Best Taiwanese place in Flushing in my opinion, friendly service and scrumptious food. BYOB definitely a huge plus.
Ordered their shredded beef with peppers and kung pao chicken, both were good! I love that their food is not greasy and salty like most Chinese food!
This Chinese restaurant is fairly small but hard to fit a large group. I came here with 13 people and it just fit perfectly. Temperature here is controlled and calm. Food overall was really good and filling.
Minced pork over rice is the must try! Don't order anything has pig blood cake, it taste weird and feel not fresh.
I live just two blocks away from this restaurant but the food isn't something super spectacular that makes me want to eat at all the time. In the modern time and age not alot of people cook at home much anymore and are often eating out. I, myself happen to be very guilty of that. While they do have one or two dishes I really do enjoy. I don't always find myself ordering from this restaurant even though it is so convenient for me.The restaurant itself is kind of small inside but service is very good. One of my favorite part is that they speak fluent English. The food however I feel like there is definitely room for improvement . Nothing really stands out but it's not terrible either. The parking isn't too hard to find because around the corner there's a small section of meter parking on the block. Besides that area I feel like parking can be limited because this is a residential area.
Great food! great prices! Great location. If you drive, there's a good amount of street parking. You can avoid Main Street/flushing traffic. Great take out menu. I recommend the fish with chili and cumin as well as the pork shank. The vegetables are also very sweet. They have lunch special too! Enjoy .
Small establishment. Very cozy and welcoming. The mapo tofu was good. Decent size for the price. Good mala flavoring. Nice amount of spiciness. Love eating this with rice. Slightly disappointed there were no other ingredients in the mapo tofu besides tofu (like ground meat, celery, etc). But makes sense for the price.Flavors for three cup chicken were on point. But the abundance of bones ruined it for me. The dish was smaller than expected for $12.99. And it had a lot of bones so I didn't get much meat to eat. Decent place if you're in the area.
I ordered MA PO TOFU today with my coworkers. It's sooo good, we love the tofu, it's very soft and tasty.  It's not like si chuang style(mad spicy), this is just perfect! We will defiantly visit again next time.
Tried general tso's chicken and shredded beef with hot peppers here.  Tastes fresh and good portion size!  lunch special comes with soup!  Feels clean compared to other chinese takeout food.
Strongly recommend! Good restaurant! Although the restaurant is not spacious, I will come here very often. By the way, their fish is delicious.
Checked out this newly opened Chinese restaurant supposedly owned by the owner of one of the earliest Chinese restaurants on Main Street Flushing, Lao Dai Ji, from at least 30 years ago. A mixture of typical Taiwanese, Shanghainese, and Szechuan dishes on the menu. We tried their fava bean with scallions and chicken marinated in wine cold dishes, meat ball in brown sauce, seaweed fried fish, and stir-fried rice cake with cabbage. The cold dishes were pretty authentic but the meat ball meat was too skinny.
IMO many great tasting Taiwanese Restaurants in Flushing have gone downhill in taste over the years due to change of chefs.  Thanks to my mechanic who's a frequent here since day1 and he introduced me to a new joint near Flushing hospital called Lucky Restaurant 小炒王(king of stirr fry).  IMO best traditional Taiwanese dishes I've tasted in years.   I'm so glad I found my new Taiwanese food in Flushing and my new favorite. The owner is hip and cool and well spoken.  BYOB. I highly recommend!
This place is very legit and authentic, with a lively atmosphere. My family came here to eat, and we knew it would be good because of the lines of Chinese families. My family had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, duck blood with chives, scallion pancake and the double cooked pork. The portions were pretty large for their side, and each entree comes with white rice (but you can always order more). The scallion pancake was mediocre because the dough was too thick, but otherwise, everything was delicious. For those of you who can't eat spicy, be careful here because this region of China's food is typically spicy, so you'll need to confirm with the waiters about the spiciness levels.I would definitely recommend anyone who wants legitimate Jiangsu (Shanghainese) Chinese food to come here to eat!
Probably the best beef noodle soup in queens..gona go back and try more food..will update...straight legit tho
im giving it a 3 star for service and food  Went here for noodle soup thats  nothing extra ordinary.  Theres better places in Flushing
One of my friend recommended this place cause the quality of the food was great and it was outside of Main Street Flushing. I grab one of the take out menu just to see what variety and the pricing is like and at first I thought the price wasn't that bad and decided to order some take out. Order two dishes and when I picked up to pay, the price of the dishes wasn't what it was advertise on their take out menu. So for a restaurant that just open a few months ago and still have the grand opening sign up, to change the price, it's  just fault advertisement. I would not go back to the place since the portion of what you get for the price that you are paying is not worth it. There are other places with similar taste but at a cheaper price
Even better now with new owner. The food is incredible and really satisfies my Taiwanese food cravings.
Authentic Taiwanese food. The minced port over rice is a must try! The service is great and price is reasonable. Will be back!
The food looks alot better in photos then actually tasting it. The steak sizzle plate was very plain and unflavourful while the pork chops were bland. Not much else to say except maybe try other dishes???
Stumble upon this resturant and they had a soft opening. The food here is very reasonable priced and very good. For a small place they have delicious dishes.
i ordered take out from here about a month ago. i went around 5pm and they didnt have more than half of the cold dishes which was a disappointment.when i got home, the food was very oily and the portions were not comparable to the price.i got the zang wong ( pigs blood with intestines) the sauce was good but there were barely any pieces of intestine and that order was like $16.and do not get the dumplings from here. they were REALLY NASTY and EXPENSIVE.the skin was so thick with barely any filling and there were 8 pieces for $6!! never again if youre going to call yourself a tawianese joint u need to have some of the taiwanese snacks such as stinky tofu and oyster pancake. didnt have either. im more than likely not going to be coming back here again.
We came here twice. First time was for dinner. Ordered a sizzling steak and chicken with garlic/basil casserole. Both are very good. Second time, we ordered take out, beef noodle soup and pork with garlic sauce over rice.  The beef noodle soup is the BEST around town! Must EAT here! The price of the dishes are very affordable.
Love their Taiwanese Beef Noodles!   Always crowded and busy.   Will definitely try some of their dishes next time.
The food here is very average. I've tried much better tasting Tsong Wong (Duck Blood..) elsewhere. The sauce had no flavor for one.. It was our first time here and was hoping for some good suggestions on food, even though our waitress was pleasant the Dou Ban Striped Bass tasted horrible and had no flavor plus it was quite expensive for some frozen farmed fish. Other than that, the service was nice..Restroom was clean, front counter person nice..I will come back again with my cousin and order some of the classic dishes we had in Taiwan and see what he says..
Great food! Owners were lovely. Will definitely be back. The chicken and basil casserole was some of the best chicken I've ever had.
AUTHENTIC . 100%Probably the best Taiwanese beef noodles in Queens. Attentative staff!!
I went there for dinner 1 time , and the place looks nice but what disappointed me was that the chicken leg over rice was 8 in change from the menu in the restaurant which was tiny tiny bit expensive than competitors and the portion was much smaller compare to other Taiwanese restaurants and the chicken doesn't have any taste and pan fried dumplings is 7 dollars with 8 dumplings only. I don't understand where they get the reasonable price from and the good taste and I have no interest to slander this restaurant but I was quite disappointed.
The restaurant is clean. About half the tables have a built in grill but for the other half, they will bring a table-top grill to you. Everything is a la carte, from the lettuce/rice/kimchi to the meat. So the price comes out to be very cheap depending on what your order. However, it does not come with any of the banchans that you typically get at other kbbq places. The meat was delicious and good quality. My boyfriend and I got the bulgogi & the pork belly and that was filling for the both of us. All the plates are $9.99/lb and I hope they do keep it that way. Overall, the food was delicious and the meal was very inexpensive when compared to other places.My only concern was the service. There was about 2 servers and we went for dinner around 7:30pm and the place was busy. It was a little hard to get their attention. They also forgot one of our orders (which turned out to be okay because we got too much food already) and then charged us for a second rice (but we never got the first bowl so I had to ask for it again). However, they were understanding and had deducted it from our bill after I had brought it to their attention (so double check your bill to make sure!).Overall, good atmosphere to eat, the food was good. The service could use some improvement but I would go back and give them another chance!
The $$$ rating is totally off.  It's more along the lines of $$, mainly because of the everyday $10 per meat dish that's unheard of in Queens Ktown.  The price is balanced off by not offering very much in the way of banchan, which are practically non-existent.  However, you can order some a la carte.  You do get a bottomless salad bowl, bean paste condiments and some raw garlic & sliced hot peppers.  To that, we added a plate of kimchi and an order of eggs for $3 each.  The plate of kimchi was the most I've ever had at a Korean restaurant, so was well worth it.  I wasn't sure what shape or form the eggs would come in, but we received 3 pan fried eggs which were pretty much how I would cook them at home.  You also have to order lettuce if you want to wrap your meat. We had a soon tofu soup, which came bubbling hot as it should.  For the grill, we went with orders of the pork belly, marinated chicken and marinated steak, all pretty tasty.  The steak was not as expected as it was just cubed beef.  Our servers were very attentive to putting the meat on the grill, turning it over and cutting to bite sized pieces.  The three of us were still kind of hungry after the 3 meats and decided to order an additional bulgogi.  The bulgogi was boneless, sliced and marinated but not dry grilled as at other KBBQ places.  It was served jungol style, brought out on a domed bronze platter placed right over the burner.  As the meat, onions, scallions and mushrooms on top of the dome sizzled, the juices flowed down into the surrounding trough, which had broth in it to make a tasty soup.  Dip your spoon in.  It's sweet, savory and delicious!I was disappointed that they didn't have kalbi on the menu, which is one of my favorites.  Add marinated beef short ribs to the menu, please!  Also strange was that they also offer pho, which we didn't try, but maybe next time.  Street parking is cut throat in this neighborhood, just so you know, especially around dinner time.
More like 3.5 stars. This spot just recently opened nearby my house and I saw they had a $9.99 kbbq special so i had to go try it out. Its located in an area where korean fare is abundant to say the least and the standard for good food at a good price is set very high. The competition is immense but only time will tell if they make it long term. Me and my sister ordered the pork belly, bulgogi, and beef brisket along with two soondubus as a side. The meats were $10 each and the soondubu was $4 i think? It was smaller than a regular sized one but never the less filling. The pork belly was juicy and melted in your mouth after taking it off the grill. I usually dont like pork belly because i feel like its too tough and fatty whenever i get it. I was pleasantly surprised by the pork belly here though. The bulgogi was honestly terrible. There were so many pieces of fat and chewy tendon in it that i barely got any real meat out of it. That was a waste. The brisket was pretty decent but the plate went too quickly unfortunately. There wasn't anything special about the soondubu and the lettuce was an additional $3 to wrap the meat in. Which i was kind of bummed about because it wasn't the best lettuce and that stuff is usually standard with any kbbq meal. Im not sure if i would come back again because there are so many better places where the bill comes out to be the same but i leave more satisfied.
We came into this small restaurant for lunch today. Left full and happy..and smelling like Korean barbecue! The price is super reasonable for Korean barbecue. The plates of meat are $9.99/lb of meat. We tried the premium beef steak, spicy pork belly and the bulgogi. My favorite is the spicy pork belly, so delicious. Skip the bulgogi.Everything is priced a la carte including the basket of romaine lettuce $2.99 which is fine. The plates of barbecue meat is $9.99/pound which is an amazing deal and delicious. I am still thinking about the spicy pork belly.The guy who helped us is nice. I believe he was the owner? The communication is lacking a little but hey the menu has photos so it's a point and order thing, it worked. There are sides on the menu but we were there for the meat! I would go back and just order two plates of the spicy pork belly again for myself. I guess I could share!
This is not a bad place if you want to eat a lot of meat! We came here because it is close to where Big sister lives, and we just wanted some place that is walk-able. It seems small from the outside, but there are plenty of seats on the inside. They don't have a huge ventilation system, but I am surprised by how it's not very smokey or overwhelmingly pungent. The menu is limited, which is actually a good thing. The prices are so cheap, we otherwise would have really just ordered too much! There isn't a whole lot of banchan -- just a salad. You have to order kimchi separate, as well as any lettuce wraps or other sides. However, it isn't expensive, and we fed (overfed?) 6 people for less than $60, AND it was majority meats. Not bad, if you ask me!
EXTREMELY GOOD PRICE!! 9.99 for a 1lb or meat!!!The servers are extreamly nice and homely they speak both Chinese and Korean! Amazing food!! And a big order of kimchi make it all the more better!
We went here for my Dad's birthday for the grand opening. While the food was okay, I was very disappointed by how the servers treated us. There were only two waiteresses and it was a crowded weekend night, which was already a bad sign, but the main problem was that neither of the two waiters spoke English. They have signs on the wall saying that you grill your own meat- in actuality the waiters do it, but this was not explained. How this played out was that we were given a plate of raw meat and told not to use the grill, and then ignored/given attitude when we tried to ask what was going on. The entire mood was ruined for the rest of the dinner because of this.
The meat is super good quality and not expensive at all. The staff are really nice people and the energy is very welcoming. I come only here for k-bbq.
I lovee this place. It's really cheap and great to go with a small group of people and order a lot of meat and pho and share. The food is pretty good and the people are nice too!
Very nice bbq place. The price is so cheap, and the meat quality is good. I was very impressed.  Love the premium steak
Mika's always has a great vibe and they're open pretty late.  My favorites are the beef brisket and the thin pork belly.  The staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful.  Although it's not on the menu, they also have gyeran jin and japgokbap.
Fantastic. I love the quality of the pork belly and they are thick and doesnt not smell at all. Price is very adequate. So far ive only tried pork belly, beef brisket , beef pho, and marinated beef steak and all of them have been well above average. i would recommend
This place is really amazingI went for lunch, the price is very cheap but the meat and kimuchi are soooo good. The owner Ms.mika is a really nice person.
My intention is to give ZERO star, instead of one star. Wait for more than five 5 mins, when the boss told us to wait 5 mins for the table. Special-$9.99/lb of the meats, but we don't believe it comes like one pound for us.. we still have some meat on the pan, but the waiter took it away without asking us.. Marinated equal nothing..I believe the previous views are fake..not recommended at all
You MUST get the braised beef noodle soup. This broth has such a warm, homey feel. The braised beef is sweet and it melts in your mouth. I love getting it with the extra wide hand pulled noodles! The classic lanzhou beef noodle soup is also good if you like something saltier and meaty tasting. I don't think the lamb burger is really that good here, but the noodles are perfect for a cold, rainy day. I think it is a lot better than the Lanzhou noodles in New World Mall. In fact, I think this is my favorite place for hand pulled noodles in Flushing. It has been really easy to get a seat during peak times when I have come here. The prices are also very reasonable. It's definitely worth the venture away from busy Main Street to grab a bite!
This place was...okay. We came in about a half hour before closing so it was just us and another party in the restaurant. The waiter could barely speak English, so when our food came, about a few minutes in, my boyfriend and I realized that they switched the noodles on us with the orders. I ordered the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodle with REGULAR Noodles and my bf got the Original Beef Noodle Soup with THICK noodles. Being that it was our first time, we didn't have any clue as to what sizes our noodles were supposed to be. Also considering the fact that theres FIVE different sizes, it would still be hard to tell one apart from the other. We noticed when it was too late and we were halfway done with our bowls. Anyways, my thick noodles were on the al-dente side but I strongly doubt this was done intentionally lol. They needed to be cooked an extra 5 minutes I tell you. The broth (the entire bowl I should say), was sort of bland with not much flavor going on at all. As for the meat, I was impressed. The beef slices were actually pretty thick- something I hardly see in noodle shops. The meat is usually VERY thin with a LOT of fat on the edges. I can't say that about this place. One downfall- the bowls had an insufficient amount of meat. I was happy with the way the slices were cut, but not with the quantity of it. It also had zero flavor/seasoning. Maybe its supposed to absorb the broth and use that to give it flavor, but again, the broth lacked any flavor. My boyfriend was satisfied with his meal regardless of the noodle mistake (but he's a simple man satisfied with food as long as it tastes good). He would go back. I, on the other hand would not. My stomach was hurting for the rest of the night, and not in a good way, which leads me to believe that something I ate was off. Perhaps they leave the meat out too long before cooking? Not sure and I'm not accusing anyone of anything but the food did not settle well with me and I've been to my fair share of noodle places. A restaurant making me not feel well afterwards is the only reason I need to not go back. Regarding cleanliness, I wouldn't praise this place. During our dinner, they were SWEEPING towards the kitchen side which was only a few tables down from us. You start cleaning AFTER you have closed up for the day, certainly NOT while customers are still there. While eating, I saw one of the cooks in the back (since there is no door) carry a large trash bin over his head from one side to the other. Ummm...you are in a kitchen with food and utensils and counterspace out everywhere. A trashbin is well..a TRASH bin! Dirt could be flying everywhere in those small 10 seconds. This had me very uneasy and uncomfortable and I struggled to finish my food afterwards. Call me a neurotic but I am VERY particular about cleanliness and this restaurant, does not fit the bill. Also, after viewing other photos of the food on yelp, I observed that they don't put much care into presenting a nice plate. It looks like they kind of just throw things ontop of the plate and serve it, with the food being disheveled and sloppy. Makes me wonder how tidy their kitchen area is and how they keep the food and cooking equipment back there. The waiter did not come back the entire time after our food was served to us. We needed more napkins..more water. Let me remind you that there were only TWO parties in the restaurant including us. We didn't tip. They didn't deserve it. Overall, I would give them 2.5 stars but since you can't do half stars, its going up as a 2. I think they have alot they need to improve on.
She'll be Cumin 'round the mountain when she comes.  Guess who's Cumin to dinner?  I'm Cumin out.  See what I did there?  Cumin may well be my favorite spice if only 'cause it lends itself so well to silly puns. Well, okay, I also happen to like the distinctive smoky, musky flavor it brings to the party.  It's a huge reason why I love Cumin Lamb.  (Duh.)  And it's also why I'm a fan of Cumin Lamb Burgers (Double Duh.)  So when one of my Yelp peeps insisted the Cumin Lamb Burger from here was better than the now legendary one from Xi'an Famous Foods, I was all over it:I have to confess that I expected a fast-casual concept here, as with Xi'an Famous Foods.   But this place, which provides wait service, is downright posh in comparison!  Hubby and I decided to dine-in, ordering some Spicy Potato Vermicelli, in addition to a Cumin Lamb Burger. The former featured noodles with this oddly compelling, slithery, rubbery texture.  I was half-tempted to let them slide right down my throat, skipping the whole chewing step altogether.  They were tossed in a hot chili oil-based sauce that was definitely spicy. I don't consider myself a lightweight, and this was pushing it for me in terms of heat.  Also, FTR, the noodles, which I believe were made from a potato-based dough, were nowhere near the long, thin shape I associate with vermicelli. They were wide and thick. (Minds out of the gutter, people).Yeah, yeah.  But what about the Cumin Lamb Burger?  I have to say that overall, my Yelp peep was right.  The bun, in particular, was impressive and tasted freshly made, unlike some of the dry, stale specimens I've encountered at Xi'an Famous Foods as it's grown more and more popular.  The Cumin Lamb was tender and flavorful, but I wish there had been more of it.  Xi'an has always been pretty generous with its meat, if you will, so this seemed lacking.  This sandwich arrived automatically wrapped in to-go packaging so it must be a popular takeout order here.While we were waiting, our friendly, attentive server plied us with some lovely gratis tea.  Our food took awhile so this was the perfect thing to placate us.  Bottom line: Reasonably priced, thoughtfully executed food served up in a pleasant, cleanish space?  What a concept!  Consider me a fan-in-the-making.  I need to return and try one of the Noodle Soups, clearly a popular pick, if all the steaming bowls of the stuff wafting by us during our visit were any indication.  Now, if only they served wine.:)
Came here for a lamb burger only, because I was already full from having AYCE hot pot.  So I'll have to come back for the noodles.The lamb burger was really good.  It had a lot of lamb in it and had a really pleasant lamb-y flavor without being too gamey.  There was just the right amount of cumin in it as well.The "bun" itself was also good.  It was soft and fluffy on the inside while being slightly crispy on the outside.All the other food items looked great as well and I can't wait to come back to try them.  Alas, I just didn't have the stomach to eat a bowl of noodles after just having hot pot.  I shall return soon!
Love this place!! Noodles are fresh and the broth is very tasty and comforting! I usually never finish a whole bowl of soup but I did here.
Stealing lamb burgers from here generally Lanzhou in jail. But you won't care, because they're that good.Duran Duran even did a song about it. "Cumin Un-dunhuang"It goes like this:Mine, immaculate lamb burger made with lamb and cuminI've been waiting for thisSigned (I paid for yours too)Happy Birthday to me and they made one for youCan't ever keep from eating 'til stuffed at the seamsCan't I believe you're taking my Lamb Burger to piecesOh, it'll take a little timeMight want to nibble mineLet's cumin undunhuangWe'll try to stay blindTo the homeless men outsideHey, child, stay while they make your foodFor now, have some of mineLamb's what you need, lamb's what you loveWhen you come undunhuangLamb's what you need, lamb's what you loveWhen you cumin undunhuangFor me to say that something is the best thing I've tried in Queens would be unthinkable. To even make the list of my 50 favorite things in this borough - which is literally my favorite place in the world to eat - is a miracle. And the little lamb cumin burger here is right on that list. I will grab one for people that I am showing around Queens. I will get one whenever I'm in Flushing. It's that good. It's actually significantly better than the famous one over at Xi'an where the N1 is the real attraction.Not only is it superior, but it's delicious and uncomparable. Also the service is really nice too, at least the young man serving me was an angel. And the prices are very fair. If you are in Flushing come here and give it a try for yourself.So next time your plane is going down, and Sully miraculously Lanzhou on the Hudson River, swim to shore on the Manhattan side, jump in a cab and give this place as your destination. After a bridge or tunnel or two (and I don't mean dating Jersey boys), you'll get here, and you'll try this, and you'll realize that miracles really do come in threes.What's the third miracle, I hear you ask?Well that's a different kind of beef noodle. At my place afterwards. But let's not talk about dessert.
2 Stars for cleanliness, and that it's not very expensive.First time here and I ordered the combo classic beef noodles with marinated egg & soda. The broth was decent, my noodles were cooked too long and became a little soggy. I had only 3 small pieces of meat, and a couple pieces of veggies. The "curly fries" were apparently meant to be raw or very very lightly boiled, and I didn't enjoy the dish at all. The toppings on it were just bits of meat and chili oil, cumin, etc. The taste couldn't make up for the fact I was eating a raw potato. Workers here don't really speak English, so practice your Mandarin. Never coming back here. There is much tastier beef noodle soup in Elmhurst, and other restaurants around.
When you come back to a place and you know what's good from experience and can also choose something new from the menu with a solid expectation that it will be good? This explains my 5 star rating for this restaurant. Cold eggplant salad is fresh, zestfully seasoned with garlic and scallions. Spicy lamb burger, big plate chicken, braised beef noodle are my favorites; hearty dishes with authentic flavor. Be assertive when getting wait staff attention and set service expectations lower (or at par with downtown Flushing), this way you will enjoy your food here more!
Absolutely excellent. The spicy beef noodle soup was huge and flavorful. The chicken wings were moist and spicy and the dumplings were delicious. You should go.
The food was good, about 3 stars. Your good decent bowl of pulled noodles. Broth was decent. If you had the jajang noodles, the sauce definitely enhanced the noodles. But let's talk about service. The service was 1 star. Why? I definitely saw blatant racism from the waitress. I walked in as a group of 3 Asians. It was fairly empty, right before the rush hour. They seated us and that was it. Our table had only two settings and we had no menus. This went on for a good 5 minutes and the place began to crowd. I grabbed another napkin/chopstick set from the next table over to give it to our third person. 8 minutes in, we finally flagged someone down to give us menus. Meanwhile, there was a lady that was playing with plastic containers and ignoring anyone that needs her service (get someone else if you can't help us). Back to the racist waitress. She refused to give us eye contact and took orders from 3 parties that sat down after us. I try to get attention from a staff handling takeout. He acknowledged me but did nothing (like it's not his job).When we finally flagged down the racist lady to take our order, I notice she, and most of the other staff, were particularly polite to their white and Hispanics customers. Odd. Our 4th friend finally came in to join us. He was greeted, promptly given a setting and menu and he order was taken seamlessly. He was Guyanese. I've never seen racist lady so polite and courteous!  Even takeout boy was there to help out in the order of if he needed anything extra. Plastic container lady was still playing with her plastic containers though. As we left the restaurant, I can't help but wonder what made our 4th friend so special. Was it because he was a guy? Did he looked like a food blogger? Did he look rich? Or is it just because he wasn't Asian? Did we look Cantonese? Were they racist to just Cantos? Why does this still exist?No matter. Not coming back again. But if you read the other reviews for this place, you'll notice the varying degrees of customer service.  Now you know why.
Had the braised beef noodle and lamb burger. Both excellent but way overpriced for flushing. The lamb burger is very tiny. I wish i would've bought like 3 of them. i will return here because it was one of the best Beef noodle soups that Ive had in the area and their lamb burger is very very good.
Wow. If you look through my history you'll see that I'm pretty sheisty with the 5 star reviews, but this place definitely deserves it. I came here with my family during their visit to the city. I came to Flushing not really knowing where we were going to eat. Looking through Yelp, we found this place with its glorious 4.5 star rating and knew that we just had to give it a try. We came around dinner time on a Saturday night and found the place to be busy but not completely packed. The restaurant itself is simple but clean. We sat down and were handed the menus which had a decent number of items on it but wasn't overwhelming. We ordered a few noodle dishes, the lamb burger, the eggplant dish, and the cold chicken dish.You can choose the type of noodles you want, ranging from thin to extra wide. Original beef noodle - we got the nonspicy version. The broth was one of the most flavorful I've had. The noodles were a perfect aldente. We got the regular noodles. The beef was tender.Cold noodles - spicy and savory noodles. These were my favorite. I could probably eat 2 to 3 bowls of these if left to my own devices and freed from the shackles of society fat shaming. Got these extra thin but they were better with wide noodles.Vegetable noodles - this is the only dish I would not order again. The vegetables were a bit cold when they weren't meant to be. The noodles were hot, however. The sauce is soy based and nice but the vegetables weren't seasoned well. The whole dish just didn't come together well. Avoid if possible.We got a second order of the beef and cold noodles.The cold eggplant and chicken dish were excellent and I would definitely order again. Chicken dish especially was just the right amount of spicy.The lamb burger was delicious. Bread was light and crunchy. Lamb was well seasoned and full of cumin as promised.The service here is excellent and the staff are all extremely friendly and helpful. If you think you know what service at a New York City Chinese restaurant is like then I challenge you to try this place. It will definitely change your mind.The prices are all extremely reasonable. Most menu items are under $10 with the exception of a few lamb dishes.I cannot wait to come here again!
Quick service, affordable, and many delicious options! I tried the Original beef noodle soup (2) and Chongqing noodle soup (6), and I loved both! I like spicy food but I cannot eat it well - that being said, the Chongqing soup was the perfect level of spicy for me. The original beef noodle, however, is my favorite and a must try! The only downsides to this place is that there's a $20 card minimum and that a can* of Sprite costs $2, which is both a lot compared to other places.
Great option to warm up on a cold winters day! I got the classic beef noodle soup, with a side of eggplant salad. The soup looked simple, but the broth was wonderfully flavorful! I wasn't sure how I felt about the eggplant salad after the first bite, but it definitely got more flavorful with each additional bite! Since it was a little past lunch time, there was no wait and I was seated right away. The staff was friendly, and the prices very fair. Would definitely go back!
Hit this place up the other day for dinner with a friend.  We went around 8 oclock and were seated without a wait.  The place is pretty small but clean and chilling.I got the Zha Jiang Mian ($8.50).  It came out pretty fast.  All in all, it was very tasty.  The noodles were cooked pretty well (not too chewy or too soft) and the sauce was pleasant; fairly thick and meaty.  The only issue I had was that the portion size was so damn small.  I finished it in a few bites and was like damn, I can easily eat like 2 more bowls and I wasn't even that hungry.  Service was unremarkable like most other Chinese places in Flushing; quick but not very friendly.  So I'll give this 3 stars.  If the portion size was better I'd gladly give this 4 or even 5 stars cause it was definitely good.
I love Pho so i decided to give this place a try. Good reviews on Yelp.The place is nice and clean and service was attentive.I tried the Original Beef Noodle soup. There were only 3 ot 4 very small slices of beef. Way less than what you get in a Vietnamese restaurant. You also don't get the side of fresh basil, bean sprouts, lime or jalapeno peppers. There was a little bit of cilantro included. The reason for the 3 star is that the broth was watery and didn't have much taste and the noodle were lumped together. Smaller than average portion.Also they don't have the lamb noodles anymore.
It's a pretty good noodle shop. 3.5 star I'd say. Small, casual and quick. The hand-pull noodles have different sizes: from almost hair thin to wide as a finger. The taste is fine. The seaweed salad is delicious: tender and juicy. I would return if in the mood of noodle. They are opposite from the huge public parking lot.
Simply the best beef noodle shop in Flushing.  The handmade noodle game is strong in Flushing with lots of competition (especially in food courts).  Hand pulled noodles are the in thing right now and sometimes it's easy to feel like they are all created equal.  They are not.Dunhuang is a bit off the beaten path, a bit further away from the downtown food centers but certainly within a quick walk of the usual places people like to eat in Flushing.  What makes this place better than others are the incredible broth and fresh and excellent noodles. The spicy cabbage is a little spicy and a tad sour, reminiscent of kim chi without the fermented funk.  The spicy vermicelli on the other hand is swimming in red hot pepper oil and while a bit bland on the salt spectrum, has a huge pungent spicy punch.  Eating the vermicelli together with the cabbage is a nice contrast of spicy, sour, hot and cold.  The best bite here by far however is the spicy beef noodle soup.  The broth looks unassuming but good lord is it deep.  Dunhuang's beef broth is the standard.  It's the perfect balance of spicy, pungent and sweet and I have to imagine that the chefs here spend in inordinate amount of time making it.  Couple that with the freshly hand pulled thin noodles, it is just a incredibly satisfying bite.  The chefs here pull the noodles thin rather than flat and fat which makes the noodles perfect rather than gummy, which can happen at other establishments.  The beef brisket was tender with just the right amount of fat.  Prices here are no higher than the food courts but the restaurant is amazingly clean and staff here is super attentive and friendly.  Being able to also sit at your own table and not fight the masses for a seat in a germ infested food court also makes me happy.  Did I mention that they also take credit card?  I was kind of past the whole Lanzhou hand pulled noodle phase but this place has sucked me back in.  Two big thumbs up, solid 4.5 stars.
Went on a chilly friday night and it really hit the spot! I loveeee noodles so i'm a little bias but it was soo good. Me and my friends ordered either the classic beef noodle or spicy beef noodle, some with egg but you have to pay extra for that. The noodles were pretty thin and the broth was so flavorful. Good amount of beef as well but we all have big appetites so one bowl of noodles was not as filling as i had hoped. Definitely will be back though to try their other items on the menu!
I had Lanzhou beef noodle for the first time in China and wanted to try how they did it in the US. The braised beef noodle soup was delicious with tender morsels of beef in a flavorful soup base. We also ordered the non-spicy version for the kids and the soup base was just as flavorful with tender slices of meat. The noodles were super thin. Should have ordered slightly thicker noodles. We also ordered the "super spicy" cold been noodles. We liked it, but it wasn't too spicy. It was mildly spicy with lots of chili oil. We got the spicy cumin lamb burger and the pork burger; flavorful and the bread was crispy along the edges. For the spicy one, I would have liked chopped green chilis. We finished dinner with a try if their fermented oat cold "soup." It was unique, but wouldn't order it again. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Hostess and waiters were pleasant. Also, it's right across from the parking lot. Not as comparable as the one in China as their menu is quite limited, especially if they feature hand made noodles.
I gave this place a second chance after 2 years and somehow it's completely reversed my first experience. Now I think it's quite the best Chinese noodle house in Flushing. The menu is simple with a couple types of noodles, bunch of salads and lamb chop. Somehow I felt like the menu was different from the first time I went. Anyway, my friend and I got the Classic Lanzhou noodle soup, Braised Beef noodle soup, Cucumber salad and Potato salad. Omg. The broth is bomb!!! It was so flavorful. To get that natural sweetness the beef bones must've gone through hours and hours of broiling with spices and herbs. I appreciate this broth so much. The beef was tender and the noodle was freshly cut, you can tell. Cilantro and chili oil added for more flavor. I didn't try my friends' braised beef noodle but she loved it too. It came with bok choy also. The cucumber salad had a strong taste of garlic and was fun to eat (crunchy). Potato salad was okay. I remember having the lamb chop before but it wasn't so tasteful. I don't care! Here for the noodle soup! Price is really cheap. ~$8 for a bowl and they even have a combo of $10.50 something for a bowl of noodle soup, a salad or side dish, a boiled egg and a soda. They're gonna be seeing me a lot this summer.
Tried it for the first time. Food was fantastic and very authentic. Noodles were very tasty. And it's reasonably priced! We had lamb skewer, beef noodle, pork burger, and liang fen cold noodle.
Simple menu, got the original beef noodle soup, spicy braised beef noodle soup, chicken wings and the multi-sliced beef with cilantro. They give really little meat in the noodle soup, broth wasn't thick but flavorful, noodles were nice and chewy.The sliced beef was delicious! It wasn't drowning in chili oil, it was thinly sliced and every bite was bursting with flavors. Chicken wings reminds me of Thai fried wings because it was a tangy sour taste, wings were juicy but it was so fatty and meat had not texture.
The lamb burger is very delicious. But the Chongqing noodle is not authentic at all. The other lamb dish we ordered are very good as well.
I was craving some spicy beef noodle soup on a cold, wintry night and found Dunhuang on Yelp.  I was a bit hesitant initially due to the odd feeling that I was getting from photos, but glad I found my way in there.  We waited about 15-20 minutes for a table for two as that place was packed!  Thank goodness customers were slurping their noodles away, making our wait a little more tolerable.I ordered myself the braised beef noodle soup and my other half ordered the classic. We also ordered the eggplant salad and spicy cumin lamb burger for starters.  Soon after, our eggplant salad arrived and I gobbled the dish down in a heartbeat.  It was cooked so simply, but yet so flavorful, appetizing and delicious!  I also loved my spicy braised beef noodle soup.  It looked a bit intimidating at first because the broth was red, but it was very satisfying to my spicy cravings.  Beef was also rather tender and the noodles (which were supposedly hand pulled) were elastic and freshly made.  My other half enjoyed the classic beef noodle soup, but I felt that my bowl was more savory :).  We didn't get to eat the lamb burger since we were full from our noodles, but I did take a small bite and found it well-spiced.My only complaint was the language barrier with the staff members. Most, if not all, didn't speak English well, making it difficult to communicate.  Nonetheless, I would return again.
Have been to this place at least 5 times and it's definitely one of my favorite hand-pull noodles places in Flushing. The Dunhuang Lanzhou Beef noodles were originally from Lanzhou, 100% authentic sand local. Their ingredients packs for the soup are shipped all the way from their restaurant in Lanzhou, and had opened almost 10 chain restaurants in the states. Another one near Columbia university. I asked them if they ever thought about making the ingredients packs open for sale so we can also cook at home, but the answer is no at least for now. Really want to find out what's in there tho! I personally love cooking at home but this would not be easy to prepare as in the beef soup usually takes hours to boil. Their traditional hand-pull noodles are so good I always get. Once you get something good you keep getting it! I also recommend to have traditional Chinese red oil pickles together to enjoy the beef noodle soup, creating the mixture taste of thickness of the soup as well as the sour from pickles are just sooo good.
Noodles texture -- AMAZING.Extra 2 dollars and you're able to double the portion for noodles.They also refill your soup if it seems lacking. Waiters are also super nice.The only thing that I was a little upset about was the saltiness of the soup. Will be coming back again for other types of noodles though. Overall happy and satisfied :)
Excellent beef soup noodle!!!' I drink up all the soup!!!!! It's the authentic Chinese  northwest style, which reminds me the time I was there.Highly recommend!!!!
Randomly saw this place and decided I had to try it since Lam Zhou in Manhattan closed down. First impression is that it is super clean. I tried the prime beef noodle soup. It was a clean broth and the beef was tender. I think it depended a little bit too much on the chili oil to give it a real kick though. I also ordered the lamb sandwich which was plain and sad. It seemed to be missing some spices but was strong in lamb flavor. I kept adding chili oil and vinegar to it to try and make it better. A solid go to go noodle soup!
Not too far from the Main Street stop on the 7 line, I chose Dun Huang to be where I lost my Lanzhou hand-pulled virginity. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is quite friendly. Best of all, however, is that they accept card which is a thankful chance of pace from the typical "cash only" fare.Service (3/5)While I said that the staff is affable, there were several glaring turnoffs. Principally, water service was really delayed; water was not served until I explicitly asked for it. When the water did arrive, it was lukewarm and had that awful toilet water taste. Not too pleasant! That's not to ignore that my water was never refilled.Food (4.25/5)Original beef noodle soup (3.5/5): I suppose I was expecting it to be extraordinary, but it was incredibly underwhelming to me. The broth had an overwhelming aniseed flavor from the star anise that uncomfortably blanketed the noodles and broth instead of piquing my senses. The noodles had a good consistency, but I found the beef a little on the tough side.Cumin braised lamb (5/5): Is it possible to give this more than a 5/5? This was bar-none, one of the best things I've ever had in Flushing. The lamb is so delicate, fatty, and tender, and the subdued gaminess couples with the cumin with an incredible fragrance that is indescribable. With the sweetness of the bell peppers as well as the well-formed thick noodles, this dish is absolutely worth the ~$30 it costs. Despite leaving Dun Huang with staggeringly full bellies, I found myself craving another bite of the braised lamb.Altogether, I thought that very little distinguishes Dun Huang as a superb restaurant. Yet, simply because of the cumin braised lamb, I know that I will soon find my way back here.
Noodles are on point. You can tell it's fresh by how chewy the noodles are. Side dishes are good also. Came late so no more skewers. Will be back to try it next time.
Food: 3/5, mediocre at best. I thought Lanzhou beef noodle was supposed to be mild in taste. It was way too spicy to the point I cannot taste any other flavor. Services: 1/5, the waitress was not professional.  I came in on a weekday morning to try out their Lanzhou beef noodle after all the hypes on Yelp. Initial impression was favorable, the restaurant looked clean, well organized, and the waitress greeted me the first instance she saw me. However, it went downhill from there. I asked for a chair seating and she insisted on a booth because "it was more comfortable". Okay, I guess she knew my comfort preference more than I do. Anyway, I went for the Lanzhou beef noodle, cabbage, and soda combo and a side order of spicy cumin lamb burger. The waitress never asked me for the style of noodle on the menu, what kind of soda, and the level of spiciness, strike two. I found the spicy cumin lamb burger pretty alright, not the greatest but not bad either, though my all time favorite goes to the one in the basement food court. Anyway, the beef noodle was way too spicy, I cannot really taste any other flavor other than the spiciness. There were only 3-4 pieces of thinly sliced beef. And I highly doubt the noodle was "hand-pulled". Lastly, when I tried to pay for the meal, the waitress insisted on cash payment despite presenting a tray that said "Discovery Card Accepted Here". I am fully supportive of small business and don't mind paying cash, however, I was a bit turned off by their business practice. Nowhere in their restaurant did they said only cash payment or minimum credit card swipe. Overall, if you enjoy a clean restaurant with somewhat decent food off the beaten path, I recommend giving them a try and see how you like it. I know for sure I wouldn't be going back.
When we went in at 6pm on a weekday, there wasn't a lot of people. Also, there wasn't a lot of choices for non-spicy food. We ordered the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodle, Original Beef Noodle, and Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger. Personally, I don't really like the texture of the noodles as they were too hard to chew and they don't give you enough slices of beef for the price that they charge. The burger was okay. Maybe it's just not my taste. However, their customer service was good.
I love the noodles here. You can pick the type of noodle you want. I love the Chongking noodles. The broth is red from the chili oil. The super spicy vermicelli are good too, though they're very heavy on the spice and sezchuan pepper, so stay away if that's not your thing. The service has been variable, but nowhere near terrible. The trek to flushing is totally worth it!
The beef noodle soup regular is chewy & soup taste good.  Not too Spivey.The chicken wings taste ok but 5 for $8 is A lot!There's place is nice size not too noisy
Overpriced noodles.Had the eggplant which tasted ok but was overpriced for what it was: chilled eggplant in oily sesame sauce.The beef noodles I tried for the first time (their signature Lanzhou dish) had tasteless broth and the noodles were similar to those found in the Flushing mall, except they were several dollars more expensive because this place is a sit down joint.Hot tea they serve is watered down---tastes like water with a HINT of tea. They're probably reuse the same small amount of tea leaves to make four days worth of tea. Their bathroom smells strongly of piss, though they do have a lot of toilet paper in stock.
Went for dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty crowded. We were seated right away but had to wait a bit to get the menu and then again for our order to be taken. Had the N1, which was pretty standard. Overall, a pretty good place for hot noodles on a cold night, but the service could be better.
I come to this restaurant on a regular basis but one thing that keeps nagging me is that. No one really can speak English in this restaurant making ordering difficult. Moreover this is the third time they did not bring back the change when I paid for the food. I believe it should be up to the customer to decide how much tip to give. Not the restaurant's
I usually have the Korean ver of the Zhajiang Mian called Jajjangmeon. But this place's zhajiang mian is pretty good and flavourful. The eggplant is pretty nice too if you're ok with a mouthful of garlic after taste. My hubby tried the original beef noodles and the soup had a nice peppery spice taste common to the northern China cuisine. Decent place if you're in the mood to slurping noodles.
Good service, good clean, good taste soup. Everyone can try adding eggs. Such a soup will be sweeter.
I like the dunhuangs noodle，is very good。I 've never had such a good noodle soup，and good service。
This is the most authentic Lanzhou Noodles I have had in the US - and I have tried at least 20 places between Los Angeles and New York. The ingredients, from the soup to the beef to the chili sauce, is as close to what I've tried in China as possible.With that being said, I'm not a fan of the side dishes. I would recommend just the noodles.
Wonderful. Second time here. Good noodles, slow cooked tender beef, rich broth served super fast. Had the braised beef noodle soup and lamb cumin burger. My gf had the garlic eggplant app and tomato noodle soup, also very good. Our check was $29 with tax, very cheap considering the quality. Love this place.
Love this place!!     Had a Blind Date with a biracial Korean / Tiwanese woman...,and this place rocks!!!!    I had the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodles.....,and it was perfect!  It could have had more beef in the order, however it was perfectly cooked and just spicy enough.    You can dine in, or do take out...,and the quality of food is 10.   Ambiance = 9.0.      The tables are strategically placed not to close to each other...,so you can defiantly have a date / romantic conversation...,  and the music is not to loud either.    Waiter / Waitress Very attentive, and extremely knowledgeable on foods...,and they check back with you..,to make sure you're comfortable.     Location is nice, close to downtown Flushing, Queens just 2 1/2 blocks from the Flushing (7) train stop.  There's even a dessert place just 1 block away.   Oh..,and there's parking in a parking garage just 2 blocks away.      Cost $$  Monderatly priced...,and they have cold dishes as well, such as the Eggplant Salad w/ Garlic & Soy Sauce.
Mmmm as far as hand pulled noodles go, this place is a must try. Fresh big bowl of noodles with savory stews. I'm not a huge spicy fan so I opted for the original beef noodle soup. I really enjoyed the broth. After a long day, this just hit the spot.My friends got two versions of spicy beef noodle soup (one with chili oil and one with peanut oil). They both seem to really enjoy the bowl too. I like how they give you lots of noodles so you can just keep slurping and slurping.For sides we got cucumber & garlic and multi slices of beef. Delicious and savory! The only dish I didn't really enjoy was the spicy cumin lamb burger. It was too much bread, little dry and not enough filling. Nevertheless, I'm excited to come back for that big bowl of soup again.
The noodles are a good texture and looks to be freshly made. We ordered two bowls of noodles and 2 side dishes. Noodles are great and the sides are good size with a gentle taste. Price wise, very affordable and the place is clean. Also the bathroom is super clean as well! We all know we hate those dingy bathrooms so this was a plus as well. :)The service is meh. Water and tea isn't refilled and they walk around a bit aimlessly. But the food is good so it's definitely worth dropping by.
The eggplant dish is amazing. The boiled (?) lamb was super tasty and tender. The noodles were good too. Friends enjoyed the shredded potato too. Next time I'll try the beef noodle soup.Nice comfortable sit down restaurant, so it's a good option if people don't want to eat at the food court.
Good bowl of spicy beef noodles! Everything is pretty cheap and looked really good. I would come back to try their different noodles. They also have a thickness option of thin, regular, wide or extra wide noodles! The only bad thing was the service. The waiters weren't very attentive and I had to call one multiple times to get their attention to refill our water.
My everyday lunch place. My favorite is there Niang Pi, a kind of cold noodle with sesame sauce and garlic. Aside from their signature beef noddle, they also have good pork belly noodle. I also like the eggplant dish a lot, though the garlic is a little bit too strong.
Tl:dr, the worst customer service I've ever experienced and I wouldn't come here even if the food was amazing. I came here once with a group of friends and it was fine. Noodles were good but we were the only group there so of course the service was fine.I came here a second time with my mom. We sat down, a waiter came over and we said we weren't ready. A few minutes later, another waiter came over and we ordered. We waited 30 minutes and my mom asked them to check on our food 3 times, each time they said it's coming sorry for the wait, it's coming. A waiter finally actually realized that the waiter didn't register our food. We sat there for 30 minutes and then he blamed us, "I asked at first, but you didn't order". 1) If we rejected you the first time, were you never going to come back? 2) Our menus were gone, did we just throw them in the trash somehow? No we ordered through another waiter obviously. 3) We asked you to check 3 times and you didn't. How do you explain that? We left, obviously. Worst place ever. If they had taken responsibility, it wouldn't have been so frustrating. But they made us wait 30-40 minutes for water.
Yum! Awesome noodles, spicy and many good choices. Felt like I was back in Dunhuang! Good for people who like spicy but also non spicy lovers too, my buddy really enjoyed the noodles.
Honestly they have one of the best noodles I've ever tasted, you can tell since they have clear glass kitchen kneading the dough right in front of you. I think no matter which noodle bowl you end up going with you'll be quite pleased with the quality of the noodles.Personally I tried their Prime noodles soup and had a fantastic meal. Besides the super fresh noodles, the beef slices and broth were both quite excellent. I ended up adding chilis to it since I think they felt a bit light if you didn't go with the spicy version. Also had tried their Cold Noodles and that was simply wonderful as well. Those two would be my highly recommended menu items.It was a large group so we ended up getting quite a number of hot and cold appetizers. The lamb chops were a bit pricey as expected but I think they fried it quite well, if you don't mind the extra greasiness and full slice of lamb with the fat its quite large plate. The cold chicken were another favorite of mine pretty authentic and quite spicy if you have the stomach for it.Being a relatively new restaurant, the seating areas are very clean and very update to date. The food came out in relatively quick fashion despite our large party of 12+ We did had to ask the servers for some help at certain points but they were always helpful and never forgot what we asked.5 stars just for their noodle line ups and honestly I think even if they don't offer any appitizers people would still be coming to this newly establishments in droves. The noodle prices are quite attractive on par with many food court food prices here. The portion and quality of the food for the price is really something quite exceptional. I hope they have many many years of success and I see myself becoming a regular here on my visits to Flushing.
Perfect classic lanzhou noodles. Got the combo meal of lanzhou beef noodles in soup, an egg, some pickled cabbage, and a drink. You could tell the noodles were freshly pulled and cooked, the broth was perfectly light yet full of savory beef flavor, there were some bokchoi to round it out. The egg was great, the pickled cabbage were great, definitely worth adding like the extra dollar or two for a total of like $10. Service was very fast. It was great to be able to sit down in an AC place in the summer. Definitely come here.
Food: 4.0/5.0Service: 2.5/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 3.0/5.0Overall: 4.0/5.0Wow.  The bowl of Lanzhou style beef hand pulled noodles legit tastes like the stuff I've had on the streets in the motherland.  Great job for bringing a little bit of noodle authenticity to Flushing -- deserving of your 4.5/5.0 Yelp star average as of June 2016.  I can't quite get to five stars myself because beef la mian is fundamentally not really a five star dish.  Anyone who doesn't give this place at least four either didn't have the noodles (which is the point of this place) or hasn't had them in China for reference.  I was close to ordering a second bowl and will be back.
Full disclaimer: I was born in Lanzhou, and real Lanzhou beef noodles have ruined everything else for me.I've searched everywhere for the authentic Lanzhou beef noodle experience. If you've experienced the real deal, you know what I'm talking about: the chew of the noodles, the oh-my-god-they-must-put-cocaine-in-this chili sauce and the deceptively light yet flavorful broth. It's a seemingly very simple dish on paper that is maddeningly difficult to replicate in practice.Sadly, this place did not deliver on the goods.I really had my hopes up. There was house made chili oil and a bottle of vinegar on every table, the OG accoutrements. The menu allowed you to specify noodle thickness just like in Lanzhou. Unfortunately, the noodles while indeed handmade, did not have the same bite I was expecting and were a bit soggy. While the chili oil was very close to the real deal, the broth was still somehow a bit off. Maybe what they say about NYC pizza also applies to Lanzhou noodles: it's something in the water, perhaps?The closest I have ever been to experiencing Lanzhou beef noodle nirvana outside of Lanzhou was in of all places a hole-in-the-wall store in Montreal, which unfortunately apparently has since closed.Alas, the quest continues :(
My mom actually discovered this noodle spot after getting tired of eating in dirty food courts around flushing for lan zhou noodles. This place is clean and new, but its REALLY hot inside. Like all year. I went in the winter time and it was probably 80 degrees inside and went again during the summer and no AC was on then either. Eating spicy noodles in boiling hot broth with no AC is pretty uncomfortable. The price is reasonable for any noodle spot in flushing but the broth itself just tasted super salty with barely a hint of spice. The noodles were done well but the broth will leave you wanting alot of water to drink. The wait staff also disregards you if you need anything after they deliver your order to the table. They also seem to only care about their own tables too. My mom asked a girl helping the table next to us for a glass of water and she just said "you aren't my table" in chinese. Ok. I guess.
I would not recommend this noodle spot。 their version of the Big tray Chicken was unimpressive. The wide noodles tasted fake and commercially made and was just cheap drummette type chicken。felt so ripped off!  our party of 5 didnt even want to finish it. Def Skip this dish. Their zhazhang mian was good but i felt they skimped on the noodles. Sauce was decent def not the best i had。 they also skimped on the meat of the braised beef noodle。 i would not come back!
Wonderful noodle place. The spicy braised beef noodle, cold noodle dish, and the cumin lamb burgers were excellent and portions were just right. Definitely coming back!!
Had the classic beef noodle, which was great tasting and they let you choose the size of your noodles. The eggplant dish is a great supplement to the noodles!The lamb burger was vastly overrated in my opinion. It was basically a regular Chinese bun with lamb in the middle, but wasn't very flavorful.
Great noodles and flavor. You get to choose your noodle size. Nice and clean restaurant. Very tender meat, and not heavy, but not super light where it taste like you ate nothing. I live in the area and was looking for a noodle place instead of traveling all the way downtown brooklyn...now I will be a regular!
Legit. Hand drawn spicy noodle soup. Broth was amazing especially on a cold day. Spicy lamb burger was closest to the one I've had in Xi'an since  I've visited.  Lamb skewers are killer.
Well, considering the fact that I'm from Taiwan, a country known for beef noodles, I think my recommendation would be pretty trustworthy!
Add-on comment on 6/12/2017I visited Chinatown location today and accidentally met the owner. We discussed what had happened to me the other day, and he explained and apologized. Apology accepted and will definitely go back for noodles and eggplants.                                 I didn't order a new bowl of soup like Jenny had explained on the response though. Comments on 3/17/2017I went for lunch today with my family, and I ordered an Original Beef Noodle Soup. I finished the soup but still left some noodles, so I asked for some soup. The waitress said okay and came with a bowl of soup. I asked if they charged for the soup and she said yes. I was surprised because last time, a few months ago, I asked for a bowl of soup and it was free. So I said it was free last time. They said the owner made the decision. At this point three staff were by our table, listening to my complaints. Finally I said okay give me the owner's contact info I wanted to talk to him. I used a tone of joke and was not that serious. They walked away and I thought they were going to give me the info BUT they just left me alone with no explanation. I was sitting there and no one ever came back to me with any words or contact info. I have to say the food is good, the service is not bad, but the way they handle customer relationship is terrible. And I really don't think $2.5 for a bowl of soup is a wise decision. I hope the owner could read this.
Do NOT order the dunhuang Lamb chops, they are not worth the price. It is just lamb boiled and seasoned with some salt, and bok Choy on the bottom. And the workers are but slow so be patient. But overall the noodles were delicious, we ordered two classic Lanzhou beef noodles.
Came with some friends on a cold winter night. I got the classic beef noodle soup with extra soup for $2.5. The service was quick and there were many options. You even got to select the size of the noodle.
Noodles are good, but the service was terrible. It took at least 10 minutes for our party to be seated even though there were a bunch of tables open. One waitress was serving everyone, and she did not seem experienced. There was a runner, but he did a whole lot of nothing. There was a guy who looked a manager standing around, but he had no idea what to do with himself. He kept trying to help the waitress, but was clueless. For example, at one point he was following the waitress  and she had to tell him to answer the phone. All this led to our food taking forever to come out. To make matters worse, they have a 10 minute video about Chinese food playing on loop. After the third loop I wanted to get up and leave, then the noodles came out and they were good.
Love this place. Spicy beef noodle soup is definitely a must and their buns are freshly made as well
Simple and clean and incredibly yummy noodle shop.  One of my favorites in Flushing. The service is typical of Chinatown. The menu is intentionally small which means every dish is great.
Service is good, food is authentic and delicious. It is definitely very popular so you have to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. Be sure to get their early!
Cuisine: 7Service: 7Decor: 6Value: 7Overall: 7More restaurant than just a noodle shop, though its menu is quite limited.  What they do have mostly taste pretty darn good, especially the julienne potato and garlic eggplant cold appetizers, fried lamb ribs, side of braised pork and the spicy noodles.  It's also a quite part of downtown Flushing, so there is usually quick seating.  The service is much better than typical of this neighborhood and the restaurant feels clean (still brand new).
Food is very good. The noodle is amazing. I love the soup also. I hope they will have more franchises and I can eat near my home.
This place has one of the best beef noodle soups I have ever tasted! I got the classic beef noodle soup. The broth is so flavorful and has the right amount of spiciness. You can also try different types of noodles from thin to extra thick. I love the noodles; they're chewy but not hard. I can't wait to come back and try other noodle dishes on the menu! The service was ok but that's expected for an authentic Chinese restaurant. They also have a $20 minimum for cards, but if you tell them you don't have enough cash, they'll go ahead and process the payment with card anyways.
One of the best authentic Chinese restaurant located in Flushing that you must try!!! They were really busy when we were visiting. All tables have been taken so we waited a little bit and we loved it!! They have noodles, fried dishes and cold side dishes that you can choose. Everything is so yummmmmmmy!
Everything here was VERY SEASONED with god knows what. Flavor enhancements?! Well whatever it is... it made all our dishes taste so good. Super fatty and oily. Definitely comfort food.
Food was delicious. Service was only ok. Slow to take order and no refill of water/tea. We got 2 apps: - pickled potato sticks $4 - I liked this a lot. It's also a bit spicy but not much. It was refreshing. - beef slices - $9 - a nice plate of thinly sliced beef slices with chili oil. It's so good! Nicely flavored and comes with some raw cilantro mixed in.For my main dish: I got the spicy beef noodle soup combo $10 - which comes with a braised egg in the soup and also a pickled cabbage app and a soda. The cabbage app was delicious with a slight kick and it was crunchy/vinegary/fresh. The soup was really great. The broth had a lot of depth and was nice and clear and the noodle freshly pulled and toothy. There were about 5 slices of beef in the soup too with a bunch of well cooked daikon slices.  Hubsy got the Lu mian which is is a hybrid between soupy noodle and dry noodle. It has a lot of sauce with a bunch of vegetables - cauliflower, fried tofu, wood ear, seaweed, and some green veg.  The total was ~$32 pre tax. A bit pricey but we were stuffed to the rim so probably a good deal.
Delicious and not expensive at all. LAN Zhou cuisine is a bit hot and spicy. The cold appetizer are refreshing and not oily. Just the garlic is on the heavy side.
This is definitely the best Lanzhou Lamian place i had in New York. It reminds me of the old days in Beijing. I hope there are more and more good and authentic Chinese food in New York!
Food was delicious and quick-glad I found this gem and will definitely be back. On a cold night-the noodles will hit the spot. Their hand pulled noodles were perfectly chewy!
Pro: They take credit card with no minimum yet (No AMEX).. Very transparent kitchen that let's you see their activities inside. A manager on the floor, with 3 chefs, one hostess, one waiter and one clean up girl.Soup a little saltier than I'd prefer but not bad. This isn't something light, their soup is heavily based on the abundance of seasoning to get the flavors. Their beef is cooked long enough to melt in your mouth. The few slices of white radish was cooked just right, leaving a light sweetness in every bite. The hostess who took my order told me the noodles aren't spicy but I clearly tasted some light spiciness while eating and my tongue is left with a slight numb sensation.... So she doesn't her products yet.With the amount of hand stretched noodles places all over flushing and esp. At a lower price point... This place left me disappointed ... Not to mention.. They didn't even offer tea for starters until I was more than 75% done with my food. They are new so I gave 3stars to give them a chance.Otherwise, not a fan yet. A Star for the new interior and the ceramic utensils.A Star for friendly service, tho not professional enough.
Awesome noodle soup,  must eat it when every time come to NY. The dessert also so good! But my favorite is the chili oil!! High recommendation!!
Delicious. Stumbled upon this spot in flushing and I must say-- I'm glad we walked in. We got the classic Lanzhou noodles for $6.95. It had the perfect amount of spice and the beef wasn't undercooked or overcooked. It was the perfect amount of spice and cilantro. We also got the Lanzhou cumin lamb bun. They brought it to us after we finished our noodles which I thought was a little strange since it was an appetizer. But it ended up working out because I ate it with the rest of my soup broth. I would definitely come back here to satisfy my noodle craving. The staff seemed super friendly and the place is also super clean. They also have a rolling video of how the hand pulled noodles were made and about the culture which was nice.
Came here on a Saturday night, and ordered two originals. (6.95 each) One of them we made into a combo which comes cabbage, an egg, an a  can of soda for an extra 3 dollars more. The noodle soup had a lot more pepper than I wouldve liked but it was all right. The noodle soup did not come with much meat, and we ordered another dish just for meat. We also got a side of cucumbers, and it was refreshing with the noodle soup.
good price with good soup noodle!!!Highly recommended
Ordered Niangpi, tastes really good. The spicy and the saltiness is just right. I finished half before realize taking a photo. Also, got the classic Lanzhou beef noodle, the soup and the noodle are tasty but the beef is a bit chewy, not soft enough.  And the spicy cumin lamb burger came last, it is ok, not outstanding. So far this is the best Lan Zhou restaurant I have had and I will definitely come back again.
The braised beef noodle here is fantastic, dare I say better than Xian famous foods. The noddles are fresh and glutinous, cooked to a perfect al dente. The broth is what sets this place apart -- it was flavorful, not too salty and clean/drinkable. The braised beef was really, really good -- slow roasted and succulent. I'll definitely be back, even if that means an hour long trip from Manhattan.
Dollar sign is a misconception it's actually 2 dollar signs. Ordered the lamb noodles that has a portion size for like 2 people. Waitress told me it's good for three people when clearly it wasn't. Noodles came cold, meat came hot...noodles didn't taste freshly made, more like cold and just placed in. The lamb tasted good tho, very soft and tender. Didn't taste superb but didn't taste bad either. Had one regular portion with two sides. Over bill came to 60 dollars with tax and tip (I tipped 8 bucks but service didn't feel like 8 bucks tho, they just stood around doing nothing) Overall I gave 3 stars because it's just mediocre, nothing really wowing or extraordinary. Cost is kinda over the top considering the type of food you find in Flushing.
Got N2 (non spicy beef noodle with the extra wide noodles). LOVED the noodle, perfectly made and cooked - chewy with a bounce! Soup base is clear but very flavorful at the same time! Beef is sliced and VERY tender. Simple bowl of noodle with a HUGE flavor and texture. Very generous with the noodle portions!! Big fan! Will def come back!
My go to for a quick bowl of noodles near flushing! The place is never crowded even on a weekend night and the food arrives quickly. Really good portion sizes  and the noodles and broth are up to par with other hand pulled places. Service is alright, decor is clean. Not many places these days with  food less than $8 so check it out!
This place has quick service and noodles were delicious! Noodles were a pretty good portion. The restaurant was clean and have strong AC, which is also for a hot summer day. Ordered the N1 and it came out so fast! The food came out in less than 10 mins. If you are ever on a time crunch you should definitely come here. One thing I really didn't like is one of the staff. Asked her for the bill but she looks at me and my friend oddly like we were asking her for something else. Not sure if it's because she did not understand English or if she could not hear me. Either way she ignored me, and gave someone else their bill. Instead of ignoring me I think she should have asked me to repeat myself if she did not understand. The staff is the only reason why I am rating this place 4 stars. Recommended if you can speak mandarin.
Love my bowl of beef lanzhou noodle soup but where's the beef?The stew pork buns were also good but a bit pricey (including the combination choices).We like the restaurant because it's quiet and service was good...but hoping they'll be more generous with the slices of beef in their noodle soups.
Nevermind, this feels like pre-made added water beef noodles. Very disappointed considering high rating and in the center of flushing where all Chinese food are high standards. We ordered the noodles and they were ready to serve in a minute. And they tasted horrible. We were the only one in. Ruined my craving for Lanzhou noodles. I was following all that good reviews to come here. So not true. When we said it's less than a minute, it wasn't steamy hot! And we know how handmade noodles are.
Ordered the N1 combo which comes with the classic Lanzhou beef noodle soup, egg, pickled cabbage in hot chili oil, and a can of soda. I didn't care for the cabbage on its own but it was surprisingly good with the noodles. The broth was very tasty and mildly spicy. The bowl doesn't come with much meat but it was enough for me as I am not a huge meat eater anyways. Definitely would come again for the same item or even something new.The waitress spoke enough English to understand our order and the restaurant accepts credit card (Visa at least). They did ask that we tip using cash.
I've been going here ever since they first opened. Hands down the best lanzhou lamian place in flushing. They've updated their menu a few times, I do miss their crispy lamb. Soup broth is always phenomenal and the serving size of the noodles is such a good deal! Noodles are made fresh and the lamb burgers are way better than the ones from xi'an's famous food. Get the thin noodles they soak up the broth better.
Great spot on a cold day. I only had the braised beef noodle soup, but it was so full of flavor. The texture of the noodles is perfect. Nothing about it was wrong except they could maybe add a bit more of everything: beef, bakchoy, and noodles. Coming back to try more things
Incredible prices. Delicious noodles. But the portions are not large enough. I had the house beef noodle soup. The hand pulled noodles were just the right amount of chewy and the soup was flavorful. It's a clear broth soup, and not a milky bone broth.The eggplant side was just so so, but it was necessary because our noodles were not enough to satiate!
Nice noodles and appreciates . The service is good and fast . If you want to try the traditional Lan Zhou noodles , you have to try the noodles here . Like the chopsticks and teapot.  The waitress are professional , she gave me some suggestion on the noodle . This place is awesome ,unique  , new and hot .
Awesome ramen and big flavor broth. But the lamb dish we ordered was very bland. It's steam and served with some dry spicy on the side and cost $27.99 for 5 pieces. We will come back only for the ramen.
I'm from Lanzhou and I seriously grew up eating the noodles. The waitress (I would assume not a Lanzhou native) told me there is only one type of noodles available while I know it's NOT true. You can always ask for wider, thinner, thicker or slimmer shapes of your noodles.I asked her to tell the chef what I've told her and IT CAME OUT GREAT!!That is, the chefs are definitely my hometown people. Certified by a Lanzhou girl, there :) Good job making the authentic noodles and spreading the warmth.
Love the food there!!! Spicy cumin lamb burger is amazing!!!
Decent Hand Pulled NoodlesThe hand pulled noodles are made to order. On the upside, the space is well lit and seems clean. I came here two times because I wasn't sure If i liked it or not. On the plus side, you don't feel overwhelmed after a bowl of noodles here. The beef is tender and not rubbery like some of the stalls in the Flushing Mall food court. It's really cool how the expert noodle maker-chef smashes the dough on the stainless steel flat surface in the kitchen.Sadly, I feel like is nothing really special about the noodles. The noodles are decent but not spectacular enough to spark cravings. Personally, I rather have a Chinese-Korean bowl of noodles.
If you want to try authentic traditional Chinese food,  it is the best choice. Pork burger is my most favorite. The boss here is so nice!
This restaurant provides very authentic Lanzhou hand-made noodle. My husband is from Lanzhou and he thinks Dunhuang's beef noodle soup is as good as what he had at his hometown. We also met the chef, who is a native Lanzhou-er. I guess that's their secret recipe for all these delicious food. The environment and the decoration is very modern and clean. The staffs are all young people, very nice and friendly. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone who loves Ramen!
Taste is particularly good, beef noodles beef too little， attendant service is not thoughtful, serving particularly slow, do not understand customer needs, in short, the service is not satisfied with the need to improve.
I had N3 on the menu which was the spicy braised noodle soup with their regular noodles. It was good, but not amazing. Some reviews said they had a clear glass kitchen but they covered it up now so who knows what goes on back there now? I certainly didn't hear anyone banging noodles. The cold appetizer with the N5 combo was just pickled cabbage in spicy oil (not spicy). It was meh. Overall, the noodles were nice and chewy. Broth pretty good, but not one of the out of this world beef broths I've had. It's good to eat it fresh. My leftovers got soggy quickly when I ate it at home without reheating. It's worth trying to see if you like it, but I think I rather just get a cheaper fix in one of the food courts.
2nd time around and just as good.   Very clean, very authentic.   The lamb is amazing, that's what keeps me coming back.  I find It a bit on the heavy side (carbs) so enjoy coming here once a month.
Hang out with my friends on Sunday night, this place is well organized and clean. We order two appetizers,shredded  potato and eggplant. Potato is just okay, eggplant sweet and sour garlic sauce taste really good.Each of us order one noodle dish. Radish in Lamb paomo is hard to bite, should cook a little longer. Beef noodle and Lu noodle are bland. The home made spicy sauce is no good. The beef sandwich has no cilantro.
This is my third time at this place. I love noodles and when I heard of this place I immediately came to try. Service was great! Waiters were attentive and came by often to refill tea. The place isn't the biggest place but it could still fit a decent amount of people. Lunch times this place is pretty much packed (no wait time though). Since there's only two main dishes (lamb/beef noodle) you pretty much know what you'll be eating when you go. They have a few assortment of cold dishes and to be honest the flavors were all pretty good and I have tried them all. I love spicy foods and their spice did not disappoint. A little bit of hot with a little bit of numbness. Try it!
Delicious classic beef hand-pulled noodle. Order the set with pickled egg, boiled egg, and soda. A must-try meal.
Popular hole in the wall place (but relatively clean). High and fast customer turnover. Delicious beef noodle soup, great cilantro beef dish. Everything was very tasty, authentic and cheap.  Also had a lamb bun, which tasted dry, and would not get that again. Saw many people order the braised sheep dish, it was a very big dish, family sized.  Location's a bit inconvenient, but worth the extra trek from the 7 train.
Best Lanzhou noodle I can find in New York. The original hand pulled noodle and niangpi are both excellent. Cumin lamb burger is good too but probably not much different from what you can get at Xi'an Famous Food. Will be back next time to try other items on the menu.
Really good food, authentic Chinese food. Very good prices. I recommend.
Holy crap.. The best lamb I ever had on a noodle soup base!! Reminds me of pho in some way w their own kind of twist. But the lamb slices were so soft and melts  in my mouth.. Maybe I got lucky.. Or that's the way they make it! I'll come back and try again. The dish is called mutton noodle..I also tried their nangpi which was pretty good and lastly had an eggplant appetizer which was very good esp for price.. ($3)New spot and getting busy so check it!
It is a strong 4 stars. The Original beef noodle soup with a smattering of spice, sliced beef, radish, cilantro and hand pulled noodles is a perfectly balanced bowl of noodles. The broth has a rich but clean delicious flavor. Something that has been sorely lacking in every other hand pulled noodles I have tried. The soup is always flavorless, and the flavor it has tastes more like something made from a soup base, but here it has a great flavor. Also the noodles often have a great toothsome quality. Frankly, before eating here I never saw the fuss over eating hand pulled soup noodles. As opposed to watching them made which was always amazing. Also, the cold noodles are VERY good. The entree dish, not the small plate which is also pretty good, but not as good the hand pulled entree version. The cold potatoes are another favorite of mine. Very simple, but tasty. The other cold dishes are VERY garlicky, but people seem to really like them. The spicy "potato chips" was also quite good. The Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce also tasty. The dry one, the soup with minced pork is the one noodle I had there that I really was not a fan of. It was vegetal and had a muddy flavor. Seriously though if you want really good hand pulled noodles this is the place.
Great for a bowl of beef noodle soup. I think the appetizers are just okay - if you come, stick with the noodles. They used to have a ribs appetizer that I liked, but it has been taken off the menu. Service is very slow and kind of all over the place. I asked for water for the table, and only got one cup, even though there were three of us.
Really gold hand pulled noodles! I tried the traditional beef ones and it was really good. The sauce was a bit spicy than my liking but it went well for the taste.
Ordered the spicy braised beef noodle with regular noodles as well as the minced meat/zha jiang with wide noodles. Beef : 4.5/5Soup : 3.5/5Noodles 2/5 Noodles were soft, soggy and not chewy. Everything else was good though.
what a little gem.we had some noodle soups that were very tasty. but their cumin braised lamb.oh my god. heavenly. it is a bit on the pricey side at almost $30 but it is a large portion that can easily feed 2.
This is such a great place for family time and friend time! The restaurant is clean and decent. Staff are nice and kind, they give you great advice. They offer authentic food from my home town. I strongly recommend EVERYONE，literally everyone to try the food, especially beef noodles. If you like Chinese food, please come! If you are from my hometown or areas nearby, you will be surprised by how authentic the food is. This is a restaurant for both homesick guys and gals as well as people who want to try something new and special.
I'm not sure if I was just starving from getting off a plane or the food was really good. Either way, this place deserves 5 stars just because the lamb chops was cooked a very unique way and it was flavorful. The soup base was complete and didn't miss a beat.
Small corner restaurant serving fantastic hand pulled noodles. Fresh ingredients in tasty dishes. I had the cucumbers with spicy garlic sauce and shredded potato salad for appetizers. I then followed it with regular noodles in a vegetable sauce bowl. Great food in a clean environment.
The food here is definitely traditional Lanzhou style, for Chinese yummy, Chinese yummy, here is the best one you should come over.
Today Finally , l found my most favorited Lanzhou noodle soup. I order chicken cold salad and classic lanzhou beef nooodle it's really taste awesome no words. After 15 year's later  I founded real Lanzhou traditional food I try many many nooodle soup  in different  kind of Chinese restaurants  but I suggestion this is  a  best palace in New York for noodle lover .definitely I will bring my wife hear next . she will  love it  thank you , Dunhuang Lanzhou  Restaurant  food is real real Awesome  and taste super duper!! thank you see next time
This is my go to noodle place in Flushing. I always order the original but non spicy bowl and its consistently delicious!!! Comes with a slightly spicy (very slightly) clear soup and some beef and radish. High recommended!!
Delicious hand pulled noodles.  Scrumptious broth.  We had the traditional and the vegetarian.  Super nice wait staff, clean tables.  We will be back soon.
This place has the best Chinese-style noodles I've had since I lived in Beijing, and that is saying something! Also, the value (quality/price) of this place is unbelievable. Amazing food for very affordable prices. The interior of the restaurant is also attractive with nice wall paintings and attractive furniture. Totally appropriate for a date or for dinner with friends. The customer service I've experienced is also nice with attentive waiters with a short wait between ordering and the arrival of food. Overall, I strongly recommend this restaurant!
If you're feeling a hot, sometimes spicy, soup noodle then this is a good option to consider.  The place is modern and bright with ample room for small groups.  I had the braised beef noodles.  The flavor of the soup is a well seasoned but I found it hard to distinguish the type of base it was made from.  Portions are good sized but if you need more they have additions like extra noodles, eggs, or vegetables that you can add to your bowl, at a cost of course.
I went back because I really liked their soup. I ordered the classic spicy instead regular with an egg. They gave me more beef slices this time. The waiters are still slow but my noodles came out quicker this time.
Food? Excellent, price not so much. Im used to paying $6.50 at the new mall next to macys for the same thing. Here, not only is it more but u have to tip, so after the bill comes out u pay $10. It will be. Ice to have family dinner or luncheon but as a craving satisfying bowl, id def go to the mall.
Omg!!!  I am a huge fan of beef noodles and cold skin noodles and I almost tried every beef noodles in the city!!  By far this is the most authentic flavor.. Next month when my family comes I'll bring them there ==Love transparent kitchen and clean environment .  Definitely coming back soon~~
Chewy, hand-pulled noodles, aromatic and flavorful broth, and juicy tender beef on top of a polite staff, clean restaurant, and free tea! This may be the best noodle soup i've had for 7 dollars!
Ordered the Lamb Noodles - noodles were on point. The broth was very flavorful.The cucumbers and spicy garlic sauce was ight.Def going to try the other noodles next time.
I had the spicy braised noodle soup and it was delicious!  Just the right amount of heat without it being overbearing.  Portions were okay, a lot more noodles than stuff to go with it.  Overall, the meal was affordable.  Took a star off because of lackluster service.  Our waiter didn't speak any english and when we asked for 2 cups of tea and 2 cups of water we got 1 cup of hot water and a cold cup of tea...
Awesome food, need hire more server,waitress worked really hard and the guy was obviously new. Will consider back again because the food.
I was skeptical of the 4.5 stars but my parents wanted to try this place out anyway. I'm sure you can see my by 3 stars, that the 4.5 is too good to be true.On Saturday at 12:30 (prime lunch time), it wasn't very busy. We ordered the potato salad, beef noodle soup, lamb noodle soup, and "zha jiang" noodles. The potato salad was okay.. Didn't have any strong taste. The noodles are decent. However, the soup for both bowls were not only luke warm, not hot as it's supposed to be, but also kind of bland. The sauce for the zha jiang noodles again was too mild. Nothing really stood out about this place. The lan Zhou noodles at New World Mall definitely beats this place by a lot.Service is overall decent, I guess. However, the waitress didn't speak English; thought that was a bit odd.. she didn't understand me when I was ordering thick noodles.
I've tried Lanzhou beef noodle in so many places before but neither of them are from Lanzhou China. My friend recommended this new place and I decided to give a try. I ordered beef soup noodle and lamp  chops, after my first bite I almost scream out! This is it! I finally find it!
One star taken off for the service, we waited just a few minutes too long to be acknowledged. I think they were short staffed so not their fault. But once someone approached us, it was smooth sailing and entrees came out very quickly. Fried lamb chops were amazing, along with the dry spices that came on the side. I had to ask to take some of the cumin run home bc it was so delicious. Also ordered the fungus mushroom in vinegar sauce. It was really good for a quick appetizer but def put some more vinegar on (on the table). We both ordered the prime beef house soup with regular noodles. SO GOOD. they ran out of the lamb that could be added on the soup, but it was alright. So refreshing. The boyfriend added chili sauce to make his spicier but I loved the refreshing taste of mine sans the spicy kick. Very worth it for a quick dinner!
THE BEST CHINESE NOODLES RESTAURANT!!! Love it the Lanzhou Beef Noodles soooooo much! The service is excellent! They are really friendly!!! Fully recommend all to come here!!! You will never regret!!!
This little spot has perfect beef noodle soup just like the one in China. After I have eaten cheap fake Lan Zhou beef noodle for years, I finally found this place which have authentic beef noodle. Even my parents who were a little picky about Chinese food also like this place. The price is little higher than other beef noodle soup place but still reasonable. I am so happy they accept credit card since usually I won't carry cash. The location is not very convenience but that's ok
Everything are delicious. The Lanzhou noodle is the best. Must try !!!!! The owner is so nice and friendly. Have a great time there.
This is the rare Chinese restaurant that has the whole package: delicious food, clean, and well-decorated. I've only had the classic beef noodle and it was tasty with hearty flavors and fresh noodles (good chew). I really like their attention to detail in the utensils: long, elegant chopsticks and soup noodle spoons that don't get lost in the large bowl. I almost never see this kind of care taken in Chinese places, and it leaves a great impression of the restaurant and the food as a whole.
The Noodle with sweet & spicy sauce is the best!! The soup base is very flavorful and the beef I added in the noodles was very tender. The niangpi is good too if you like cold noodles with peanut sauce. I am definitely coming back!
Delicious noodle soups, healthy, and inexpensive. Also, this is one of the few restaurants from this Northern Chinese province. The soups are a bit similar to the Vietnamese Pho, they have lamb dishes, the everthing tastes freshly made.
I love the noodles here. I am so hooked on it that I can't help to keep coming back every weekend even though it take me 45 min to get there!
Excellent and authentic. I was in Lanzhou last summer and this place is for "real". Both noodle and broth are just right. I finished my bowl to the last drop.
Probably the only authentic lanzhou noodle place in the whole New York city. Chewy noodle, clear broth yet rich in flavor. Add some chili oil and vinegar, you will not regret coming to this place. Forget about golden mall, new world mall or any other place that acclaim they have authentic lanzhou style noodle, because this is THE place to beat. And this is the only place truly resemble noodle you can have in Lanzhou, China.
love the chewy noodles & beef noodle broth. didn't really like the cold eggplant appetizer but the fungus w. vinegar one was good. the lamb burgers were great tho, had the right amount of spice. service is alright.
The spicy lamb burger hits the spot - the right amount of spice and not greasy. Would only recommend putting in more filling, doesn't seem to be enough for the size of the bun.
The noodles are great! Very good flavor. One of the best Chinese noodle places in Flushing. We will definitely come back again. The environment is comfortable and their customer service is awesome!
If you are looking for a good meal at a low price look no further. My boyfriend and I both ordered the braised beef soup and it was delicious!!!
Definitely the most solid Lam Zhou noodle place in flushing -- get the cumin lamb burger (less greasy than Xi an famous foods), the zha jiang noodles, and the beef noodle soups. (Also all the meaty lamb dishes are solid too!)
Awesome amazing noodle bowl. I got the duck with beef broth. So good. big portion too and the noodles are chewy and hit the spot. The chili oil is a must with a few splashes of vinegar too. really good cheap food.
I ordered beef noodle soup and my husband had the spicy beef noodle soup . Both tasted good! The soup was delicious and the noodle was tasting good too unlike some places soup taste good but noodle tasteless. We also ordered cucumber and fries with spicy sauce both were good too. Place was clean, noodle came fast. Will come again!
Really love their eggplant salad! It really helps to comfort my homesick..Beef Noodle Soup are not bad or I should say their hand pulled noodle soup are very authentic, not like over 90% so-called Lanzhou hand pulled noodle soup in American market are actually made by Fujianese people..
This restaurant has great atmosphere. I would describe it as clean, comfortable and welcoming. The food are authentic based on my experience eating in Lanzhou city. My favorite dishes are Lanzhou hand-pulled noodle, spicy cumin lamb burger and lamb chop. In addition, the waiters and waitresses are friendly and pleasant to speak to.
I will preface this review by making it clear that I am not a noodle fanatic. My wife and I went there after reading a few reviews by fellow yelpers. The restaurant is definitely clean and well laid out. It was very thoughtful to have the kitchen open to see the chefs making the noodles by hand. We ordered the beef noodles, cumin lamb burger, and eggplant side. The food was good, however could have used more flavor in my humble opinion. The establishment was fairly empty while we were eating and it took quite sometime before our tea was refilled. I think that this restaurant has a bright future if they can place more focus on customer service and highlight more about what makes their food unique.
Very nice restaurant, appetizers also tasty, only one thing not feel really good is they accept card over $20. I decide to go again this week:-P
Just went Lanzhou beef noodle for lunch. We tried so many different things, thanks to the huge party size - we loved almost everything, especially the eggplant salad, bitter gourd (it might be a personal thing), liangpi (凉皮 - there are two kinds and they are both good) - those appetizers are insanely cheap and yummy. For warm dishes, my fav include the egg rolls with pork inside, as well as the sweet and sour pork. My friends are a big fan of the lamb chops, both fried and steam versions. Give this new restaurant a try.
Freshly made hand drawn noodles, compliments sliced beef with daikon radish in a clear clean tasting broth wonderfully. The menu items are limited, however don't deter you from trying this place. Ordered spicy cold noodles which was not saturated with sauce yet supplied an ample of taste for satisfaction. The eggplant salad which was marinated with garlic and a soy sauce base was delicious as well.
Just went there a few days ago and already craving!! Didn't really pay attention to the service, but the food was so goood. It was worth it for the price, which is really inexpensive, but the beef noodle taste a lot like Vietnamese Pho just missing a stronger broth flavor. Their cold noodle appetizer was DELICIOUS and was my favorite. Very inexpensive great place to try. Would come back if it was a little closer but worth the distance for someone who can make time for it.
I am from Lanzhou,  really recommend this restaurant, so delicious and it's almost same! Love this place and will come back again
Great hand pulled lamb and other Lanzhou dishes! I visited this today and had the chance to order different lambs, cold rice noodle, it's great.
Excellent fresh noodles and delicious broth that's not too oily. Such a pleasant surprise with how good it was.
There are hundreds of Japanese Ramen places in New York City and many are highly regarded.  The original ramen from China seemed to have become a lost art, well, after I had tried tens of Chinese ramen places. Until today, a straight 5 stars of quality, flavor, and perfection that woke up my long lost memory of the taste from a grand master noodle place (said to be the most authentic from hundreds years ago) that I had about 20 years ago, that's the impression after taking the first bite.  As I licked the spoon after the last drop of soup, I thought, the taste matches, yet, the perfection and quality top the best of what I had, and I fortunately had the chance to try the best Chinese ramen in many cities in Asia. The environment is very clean with open kitchen separated by glass (you can see the chef smiling back at you). Staffs are friendly and professional. Parking in the nearby municipal lot is convenient.Highly recommend this place.
Authentic hand crafted noodle, with traditional original beef soup!!! Remind me of what I had back in Lanzhou! Love the slowly stewed lamb! Burger with spicy lamb is also very impressive. I'd say this is the place to go for authentic northwestern style Chinese cuisine. So far the best in NY. Hygienic environment, and extremely friendly staff. Wonderful experience! No doubt will bring in more friends and family here!
The menu is small but they're supposedly known for the hand-pulled noodles.  I didn't know until after, so I had ordered something else.  You would only have to wait about 5-10 min before your food arrives.  Quick but I wish I had more attention at the end when I wanted to ask for the check.
This is a great spot with yummy noodles and small dishes that are unique to the northwest of China. The interior and bathrooms are very clean, you can see the whole kitchen operation through the glass. I loved the classic noodle soup and lamb chops, as well as the small dishes like eggplant. I can't wait for this place to expand to Manhattan so I can go more often!
I'm a huge fan of authentic Lanzhou beef noodle, and I've been looking for it every time I go to NYC. To my disappointment,  none of the other lanzhou noodle shops in the area are even close to being authentic. This restaurant saves the day by presenting the same Lanzhou noodles that I've had in China. As soon as the noodles are presented in front of us, I could feel that this is it. The noodles, the soup, the radish, the greens, everything is textbook Lanzhou style. If you love the real Lanzhou noodles from China, look no further, because this restaurant finally got it right.
the noodle is very chewy. must try! the cold noodle is hella delicious!But their appetizer, buns and burgers aren't that good.
This was my first time trying this type of cuisine and I was pretty excited! I've had Sichuan food before (I've been to Chengdu) and I'm definitely a spice/numbing queen. We came here for a birthday dinner and we were seated at one of the best tables of the house (by the windows on the second floor). The staff was so friendly and accommodating when they knew it was for a birthday dinner! The menu was a bit hard to understand (if you don't speak or understand Chinese) since the English descriptions are very limited. However, I was with very knowledgeable Chinese folks so make sure you befriend one before coming here! We decided on getting two hot pot dishes. One was a numbing spice frog dish and the other one was a sour fish dish. I personally liked the numbing frog dish but everyone else seemed to like the fish one better. We also got the mango juice tower complimentary of ordering $100+ worth of food. This place also gives you a plastic bag so you can store your jackets without the smell of the place!
Love the place for its new fusion of modern Chinese food. I had the seafood pot. Is crab shack pot boil but with Chinese spices and flavors. You can request mild upon request. I did notice a dish with Bull frog, to my appetite for new and bold I had the frog leg as a side. You have sides of grilled corn, grilled buns!!! Chicken wings , grilled squid, and the frog among others. Their main dishes are for two people, giving single person or a solo adventurer having to pay for two. Is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. I almost gave it a three. They should expand their menu for solo flyers. On the other hand I was given a huge pitcher of sparkling water with passion fruit. It's given for free If one volunteers for a review on yelp. Which I happily implied and was rewarded with is freshness. It was refreshing due to some of their plates being spicy. To end I was given a black tea with jelly. Is a first for me, almost like cinnamon tea at some Korean restaurants or green tea at other places. Complimentary. The waiter was friendly in explaining the dishes and the experience.
Great authentic addition to the main flushing area. Awesome service and free soda if you scan the QR code on WeChat. We had lunch on a Saturday (they open at 12) which meant that we avoided the evening crowds. We ordered the original house spicy tofu flavor with the $55 fish option (some kind of bass, which had very little bones). You can do any combination of 4 side items for $8, we went with chinese veggies, green bean vermicelli, seaweed, and lotus root. They gave generous portions buried in the hot sauce. You can add an side order at the end, which we did with the veggies.They help you shift the burners on the bottom but parts of the hot sauce does get congealed. It also gets very spicy the longer it cooks, so if you're not used to Sichuan spicy, opt for the mild options. Will definitely come back and try other flavors of fish.Also tried the bbq squid, which had too much of the cumin flavor and was too chewy.
HOT SPACE GRILLED FISH! A hot displacement of Sentosa, which used to occupy this address. Hot Space is a good spot for a small group to share a meal. The concept: giant chafing trays of Szechuan-style "stews," brought to a simmer right at your table. Each dish feeds 3-4 people and runs $50-60. You choose the protein, the flavor/sauce, and the add-ons. Proteins are mostly fish, but there was at least one vegetarian-friendly option. Each flavor/sauce has spiciness level indicated. $2.50 for each add-on (tofu, greens, mushrooms, etc.), or choose any 4 for $8. $1 per bowl of rice. Mark your selections on the menu yourself. We chose:a) barramundi (their softest fish and the one with the least pinbones), b) in "spicy hot grilled fish tofu pudding" flavor, which just means silken tofu is included,c) with add-ons: asparagus lettuce, woodear mushroom, konnyaku, and napa cabbage.The "spicy hot grilled fish tofu pudding" is designated their spiciest flavor, with 2 little chili icons. But our server ranked it 5-6 on a scale of 1-10. That was spot-on: it really was not spicy, in either the 麻 (numbing spice) or the 辣 (capsaicin spice) department.Service was attentive, with 3 servers separately asking us how things were, explaining menu options, etc. When we asked them to leave the chafing fuel lit so our food stayed hot, they explained that they didn't want the fish to overcook, but still entertained our preferences. One server took us through the rigmarole of choosing our "free" fruit juice, served in a beer tower. Only when he asked for our WeChat did we realize this was a promotion they were doing for WeChat users only. I'm not a 20-year-old Chinese person, so no WeChat and no mango juice for us. Is the food tastier here than other Szechuan restaurants (most of which serve pots of fish cooked in fiery chili broth)? No... but it DOES look cooler on a giant tray taking up all the table space, and the fish IS generous and fresher than the boneless/skinless slabs you get at many Szechuan spots. They did not oversalt, either, which is hard to find. Three cheers for Hot Space!
Five star food and five star service all the way! Our favorite restaurant for spicy crabs and stir fried cauliflower. We're addicted (Literally) !!!
Do not come here to eat, once you tried you'll be hooked to their additive hot space sauce and now I have to go there to eat every 3-4 days, not a healthy choice but the food is delicious
Located right in the center of the Flushing BID (Business Improvement District), Hot Space Grilled Fish is one of the newest addition of Asian cuisine into the area. Without further ado, let's get right into business.Restaurant: Great vibe, two floors of dining space. We sat at the second floor and the space has a large TV covering the entire wall playing various music videos (Chinese and English mainly). I was actually informed by a staff that we can add songs to the mix as there was a computer screen next to the restroom similar to ones you find in KTV. Lighting was sufficient and table spacing did not seem to be an issue.Staff: Very attentive. To start off, they offer a giant plastic bag to put our jackets in so that the smell of the food does not seem into our clothes. Definitely a great gesture that other restaurants with heavy smells can learn from! Our waitress ran us through the menu as it was our first time dining at the restaurant. Throughout the entirety of the meal, we've had various staff members refill our waters, stop by to ask about our food, as well as refill our fish's broth level.Food: The main attraction here is obviously the fish. They have three different fish options: carp, bass, and barramundi with the first being around four pounds and the latter being two. They have premise options for you to order from which has sauces and vegetable pairings made for you. Alternatively, you can choose your fish, among eight different sauces, and loads of veggies. There are also various appetizers and skewers to order from as well. What we got: For four people, we ordered a chilled tofu/preserves egg appetizer which came in a soy/sesame sauce that was quite refreshing. We also got a grilled eggplant that was smoky and tender. For the main course, we ordered the carp in a mild garlic sauce with four rices on the side. There was also a free sparking water tower for helping promote their business via WeChat (our waitress helped us do it). The meal ended with some free herbal jelly to cool down the palette. Damage: After tax and tip, the four of us paid $23.50 each. Not bad for a dinner out in the city. Will recommend/return!
An unbelievable experience, excellent food, attentive and friendly service, and very cool, welcoming, modern atmosphere. Can not recommend enough, will definitely be back. Worth the trip from Manhattan.
Very good service! The staff is beyond friendly! Seriously must try there grilled oysters!! I love it so much I order six of them lolololol!
Hi Everybody, this is my first review ever. This restaurant isn't particular special, but it is simply the place I ate at last and freshest in my memory. I will actually be going back and reviewing other places I've eaten at over the years. Now without further ado...To be frank, I was dragged here by a foodie friend of mine. I didn't even know this place existed. My friend is a huge fan of hot and spicy Sichuan food, and so she said that this place is actually the second location of this other wildly successful place in Brooklyn. So when she heard that this place has opened up in Flushing (near where she lived) she just had to drag all of us there. There were 5 of us and we were seated quickly on a Thursday night. There are about 8-10 tables in the place, with a giant full screen TV in the background playing Chinese MVs. I thought the volume of the ambiance was just right; quiet enough that you can have a conversation, but loud enough that added a certain liveliness. We were on the first floor, but there is a set of stairs going upstairs and I saw the hostess leading customers upstairs, I wasn't curious enough to go check it out, but I assume it's the same layout. We ordered Chinese style, we got their Signature Spicy Hot Grilled (misspelled I assume) Fish Tofu Pudding (yes, that is a weird name) and the Hot Spicy Crawfish's (this place NEEDS to get their spelling together). We added a bunch of vegetables into each of them (they recommend at most 3 vegetables per dish.) We also ordered a bunch of sides like the Roasted Frog, the Grilled Chicken Wings, Eggplant, and Corn.THE FISH WAS DELICIOUS. Okay, I'm not saying it's the best fish I've ever had (because that's going to come in a different review.) But it was pretty darn good. I went in without much expectation, but I was pretty blown away by the spices in the Fish dish. I could not stop eating it. Keep in mind that I'm currently dieting and I'm not suppose to be eating too much carbs, but that meal, I ate two bowls of rice (the spiciness also had something to do with that). The spices in the dish have completely soaked through the vegetables and potato we put into it, but not quite the fish. I am never afraid of double dipping into the sauce after I break down the pieces of fish so it was all the same to me. I can go on about the fish, but I'll stop myself here, let's just say it was pretty damn good.I am not a huge fan of crawfish, but my friends were and they couldn't stop raving about the crawfish. I had one, the flavors were good and the size stood out to be bigger than I've had it elsewhere. I let my friends enjoy the rest of the crawfish and focused on the fish dish since it was a Grilled Fish shop. The sides were overall pretty good. Though I feel like they could have used a little less garlic on the eggplant. But other than that, no complaints. The service overall was very good. They are very well staffed. And the staff seems well trained; they came over every once in a while to help us "unstick" the bottom of the pot and waters were refilled promptly. I also felt they were very knowledgeable about the menu and what seems to be the owner actually came over and asked us how our experience was, we said it was great. He recommended us to try the bullfrog the next time we go. Overall, for the 5 of us, we spent $40 per person after tip and tax. I felt that was really good for the price. Definitely a lot better than Good Harvest just next door, which costs more. Okay, I felt like I've rambled on for an eternity. I apologize for the wordiness of the post. I think it's just because it's my first post ever. I've also attached a picture of the Menu because I knew I was writing this and didn't want to get the dishes names wrong. Thanks for reading!tldr; Great Fish place, go try it. You won't regret it.
Hotspace opens in flushing with a nice interior , similar to its brooklyn store. This one has two floors and cute fixtures. waitstaff was very attentive and friendly, prices are a bit on the high side for the area. The fish we got was the spicy garlic sauce, pick 2 vegetables for $8, post a check in on wechat get a free pitcher of soda/juice, we also got the mouth watering chicken which was not spicy at all let alone mouthwatering but the texture was nice. It just felt like they dumped a bunch of spicy oil on top of the cold braised chicken, roasted pig foot or bbq pig foot which was well executed, and a side of stir fried spicy cabbage. The cabbage was a bit tasteless , again doused in spicy oil but not spicy and the portion was huge. Half a cabbage head in there huge. The fish was mediocre. They don't have vents in there so the smell of the oil does stick to you , when we walked in they put our coats into clear plastic bags so our coats wouldn't smell so that's a nice touch. The veggies in the fish were ok but everything felt doused in oil. If you want spicy fish try a sichuan restaurant, maybe we ordered the wrong things but I might give the place another try
So hot space is a restaurant that I really recommend. They are a new hot pot spot. The decor is awesome with a huge karaoke tv! Remind me of Shanghai ! Food was excellent very spice. You should order sea bass it was very spicy! I really recommend this place to everybody as I love it
Food: 5/5. The grilled fish was as good as it gets. And the staff kept it hot the whole time we ate (1.5 hours).Service: 4/5. We were initially annoyed by how impatient one waitress was as we tried to pick between buffalo fish (4 lbs) and other lighter fishes (~2 lbs). But it was more than compensated later on by how attentive other waitresses were. Came here on a weekend to try out the grilled fish that we heard so much about. The restaurant was situated in one of the busiest streets in Flushing, so I wouldn't recommend driving here. It was opened pretty recently as we can tell by the congratulatory flower pots near the entrance. The restaurant was already half full an hour after open during noontime. We went up to the second floor and were seated near the window area. Since it was the first time we were here, it took us a little bit of time to understand the ordering process (select type of broth, fish, and then sides to put in with the fish). The waitress was standing nearby despite after I told her to give us some time to decide. She was visibly annoyed and impatient. We finally decided to try out the buffalo fish, which had more bones than other fishes but also larger in size. It was definitely one of the better grilled fish places I had been to for a while. The fish was fresh, the broth was also right on point with the spiciness, and the waitress kept the broth hot the whole time we ate (it took us 1.5 hours to finish). The waitress was very attentive as well, constantly coming over to make sure the bottom pan didn't burn the fish and check on the stove fire. Definitely a pleasant lunch despite the initial hiccup. As an added bonus, if you re-post the restaurant's ad on your WeChat moment, they will give you a rather large flavorful sparkling water for free, it will make your meal much more enjoyable, especially if you got the spicy broth. Overall, I enjoyed the meal and will definitely come back for more when I crave for grilled fish.
The best restaurant in Flushing.  Good service!The owner also is a nice person.They really take care of each customers.Taste is very well.
Wonderful service. Very attentive staff. They think of everything, from giving you a large plastic bag to keep your coats, to the grass jelly at the end of the meal. We went for the ma la spicy fish with tofu and had the baramundi, a smaller fish which was way more than enough for 2. Was it spicy, yes. Can you taste everything, yes. Go a bit early or a bit late to miss the crowds and go with a bunch of people. It's a hoot!
I loved the flavor! Customer service was quite great. They will check in to make sure the seafood is not sticking to the pot and sauce doesn't get too thick. I highly recommend this place. Will go back again.
We almost skipped this place but so glad we didn't.. a young lady name Yao helped us step by step how to order the food here. I never experience such customer service in flushing. Tina, our server, she kept on checking on us to see if we need anything or not. I love fish, and this place is worth of try. The menu might seems complicated but its okay, the staffs will help you! The food came out super fresh. they cooked the fish in the kitchen, then they serve it with a huge tray. the portion is HUGE! it's worth of the money.
We had the same grilled fish with mala over fire in Paris (Le Pont DE Sichuan) and I kid you not...(drum roll)..it's better and more flavorful there! We came on a Saturday evening and it was packed. We left our name and they gave us a buzzer to hang on to. We were told it would be about a half hour. So we headed to a bar across the street to grab a drink. True enough in half hour it buzzed and our table was ready just as we walked in. Looking at the menu, there's a bunch of spicy dishes. We ordered the 夫妻肺片which is a beef tendon and offal sliced real thin dosed in chili oil. Wasn't super impressed because it wasn't flavorful. All you taste is bland chili oil. The grilled oyster which did not come in a SHELL ahem, was also average. For some reason when I eat oysters, I just want to see the shell! This was also on the bland side with some soy sauce and vermicelli. The fish that came in a rectangular pan and heated on a flame was big in size but also doused in chili oil. Nothing wrong with that if it's flavorful. This was also on the bland side. Service was friendly though. I'll definitely give them that! Would I come back? Hmmmm, that's a 50/50..
Omg!  This place is so good! There are tons of flavors in their fish dish. I have to compliment their customer service too.  All the servers are very attentive and very friendly. I came here twice and left very satisfied.  Will come back again.  I'm just addicted to their fish dish.
We wanted to try something new and this was new for sure. Many ways of ordering the type of fish you want with vegetables at extra cost. The fish that we have ordered was actually cooked perfectly and the soup we picked was the spicy oil & sour soup. We honestly thought it was just OK. Service was great and attentive.
YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE. I was about to skip this place, I'm so glad that I didn't. The staff here is INCREDIBLY NICE. They pay attention to all the guests throughout the whole time you're there. A young lady who works there explain to us how the menu works, It's confusing at first but TRY IT!!....the food was really good, I got the spicy fish and be careful with the spice, it gets a lot to handle but worth the burn. The Mango Iced tea was very nice as well, I would recommend trying one of their teas, it'll help if your mouth is burning. The food here is FRESH, It comes out on a hot plate with fire burning underneath. The atmosphere here is nice too, a bunch of lights, a BIG TV playing popular music videos. Overall this place was an awesome experience and worth it. The grass jelly at the end blew me away, I mean honestly if some place is offering you grass in jelly form, that place is worth a try :)
I saw this place on Yelp and it didn't disappoint us at all. Me and my boyfriend were skeptikal because of the good reviews and we decided to just try it out and I'm so glad we did. We ordered a Big Mouth Sea Bass with Mild Spicy Garlic sauce and veggies in it. I looooved the noodles! It was my first time eating that kind of noodles and it went really great with the fish which was surprising. I also ordered a Mango Iced Tea which was I think is not that good, but it's alright. Other than that, great experience and great customer service. The waitress really helped us throughout the menu. Will definitely be back to try something else
How can I explain.. Yao was great. The food was so good and whatever was recommended by Yao turned out food for the soul. It was my first time here and it was great. I will definitely come here again and recommend this place to everyone who loves fish.
My girlfriend and I came for the fish because one of her girlfriend told her about it and said it was very good. I was skeptical. My skepticism was reduced as I was waiting to be seated and as people were leaving I heard them thank the wait staff. To me that's usually a good sign. The fish did not disappoint, the waitress we had recommended the bass which she said had the smallest amount of fish bones, and I was all for that. The food and service were both pretty good. My girlfriend was happy so I was happy. We live around the area so we'll probably be back
This is a new hot pot fish spot that opened up recently in Flushing. There's another fish spot in Flushing. This spot is spicier than the other one, so if you like spicy food like me, then this is the place for you. Price is good for the quality of the food.
Their grilled fish is delicious!! The environment is nice and clean. I'm glad gave it a try. You won't regret it.
Ordered the signature spicy tofu grilled fish with some add on side dishes. Fish is fresh but the skin is not crispy as I thought I would be. The sauce is not very flavorful. If you check in or share on wechat they offer a slice of matcha crepe from Prince Tea House (too bad didn't have my phone with me the day I went).
Such a great spacious and modern place to enjoy authentic Szechuan food. All dishes are hot, numbing, spicy, flavorful .. cravings resolved!It is really far from the city but it's worth the 50 minute train ride on the 7 line for me because I'm a szechuan food junkie. I had the spicy beef tribe, a fish dish ( forgot whats it called), and stewed fatty beef with inoki mushroom. Everything was so tasty and the side dish they offered was so good. Wish they refilled it for free but it turns out you have to pay if you want more.
Price: above average Dish: averageStay away from some of their so called Szechuan dish, like fish in pickle soup. It's not Szechuan dish at all. After I pointed this out, they claimed locals like it that way. Plain soup, cheap fish and supermarket pickle. Actually they do have some decent dish at price under $15. I suggest you try those dish.So far I don't find any dish above $20 worth the money. You go to else where they have true Szechuan, and not make cheap dish and claim people like it!
I gave it three stars because the food is really just aight. fish filet with pickled veggies soup: it's alright, the quantity is pretty good, but it tastes kinda plain. Sauteed loofah with garlic: pretty disappointing. it doesnt taste that good either, I dont recommend this dish, even though I personally love loofah.spicy chicken stew: the chicken is very tender and soft, but it's not spicy at all.The wait is usually pretty crazy, so make reservation if you wanna skip the line.
The food was good but wasnt as spicy as expected.service was good. The wait for the table was long And there werent enough room to wait for a table.
This place was packed when we went. My bf was the only non-Chinese person there. There's free hot tea over a little fire in the most luxurious cups. We ordered the pig intestines and fire pepper chicken, with salted egg corn as an appetizer. The salted egg corn was AMAZING. It totally stole the show. Imagine tiny kernels of corn, each individually fried and then coated in salted egg. Seriously I could eat that for a meal and I love meat! Whattt? The other two dishes were mouth-numbing, as expected for Szechuan food. The crispy intestines were super juicy and the chicken was incredibly lightly fried with flavor. At the end, I asked another server for the salted corn to be boxed up to go. The other two dishes were just peppers at this point. Our original server came back and said that the person who took our food to be boxed up didn't understand and instead boxed up the peppers. I laughed because I thought it was funny how someone could think that, and before I had a chance to respond he offered to take it off or cook a new one. I asked for just a small portion to be fair bc I had eaten 1/2 of it. He came back later with an entire potion for me to take home. The peppers were also in the to go container. Lol. Great food, great service, full of Chinese people so you know it's legit.
I'd heard good things about this place from several people, so came in with high expectations. Unfortunately it didn't live up to them. Not even close. There's really nothing special about it, so I can't understand what the hype is about. Sure, the restaurant is trendier than your standard Sichuan place, but you are paying for it... prices here are substantially higher than elsewhere. Ordered the beef in chilli oil dish, which was way too salty. This is a standard order of mine at Sichuan places, and I can confidently say that this is among the worst that I've had. Apart from the salt, I couldn't taste much else. Its not very spicy either.Also ordered the sliced pork belly as it was mentioned several times in the reviews. That did taste fairly good (not exceptional), but it was pretty expensive (due to the stingy portions... see pic).In summary, you are essentially paying premium prices for medicore food in a cool looking restaurant.
Modern and delicious Szechuan food! It was the most reasonable choice after a freezing hockey game at Citi Field. We took the train one stop to Flushing and decided on venturing to something new, ditching the staples like Nanxiang. Absolutely incredible. We were seated in 20 mins because we arrive before 4pm. Ordered bunch of dishes to shared among two and all of them are wonderful. The highlight would be the cabbage and the hanging bacon dish. The cabbage was very flavorful and the cold bacon dish was refreshing with the cucumber and garlic hot oil. The other are standard with good amount of spicy and numb. Highly recommended! Ready to try more dishes and maybe go hit up the St. Marks location.
Been quite into Szechuan food lately so my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try. We waited for 15 minutes for a table on a Friday night, which is not bad at all. The details in this restaurant is absolutely eye catching! From the theme of the restaurant to their menu, I was amazed. For our dishes we ordered stir fried chicken with chili peppers, mapo tofu and sautéed spinach with garlic. The stir fried chicken with chili peppers was very good. The chicken was very tender and not overly fried. It's so easy to eat the small pieces of chicken that you just can't stop going for it. Spiciness is manageable and goes very well with rice. It does numb your lips a bit.The mapo tofu was also very good, although it wasn't very flavorful. I felt like it was just something we needed in addition to the chicken.We ordered the sautéed spinach with garlic only because the sautéed string beans weren't available but it was a great veggie dish. Overall, I was pretty much satisfied with the food but just a bit disappointed with the service. We had to ask two times to different waiters that we don't have cups for our tea. I was also hoping to try their complementary dessert but sadly they weren't serving it by the time we finished eating. Hopefully we can try it the next time we visit ~
This is my FAVORITE Chinese restaurants not only in Flushing area, but in NYC as well!!!Dry fried shredded cabbage is a must try. I order this almost every time I dine in. Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is one of my love too. Very fresh fish and taste great - the closest version you can find in the US comparing to the fish dishes offered in restaurants located in China, as far as I can find. It's very unlikely you will find things you hate or get very disappointed at this place. So be open-minded and order whatever you like.Great ambiance too, bright and oriental.Good service. They offer after-meal special dessert too. Sometimes I got green bean soup or sweet dumpling soup. At last the price is fair. $50 for two with tax and tip included, for one dish of meat/fish/seafood, and one dish for greens. Given the good size of the portion, I think it's a good deal.
This restaurant was absolutely beautiful!!! The decor alone should be enough to entice a visit and the food itself was also very delicious and authentic . Came here as a group around 5pm and already this place was filling up. The waiters were very attentive but did not rush us as we dine which felt really nice because most Chinese restaurant tends to push people along to seat the next group of people. As for their dishes, it was very yummy. Their fish soup with pickled vegetable is a definite must. One of the better soups I had in a very long time. Perfectly spiced yet mild in flavor. Their mapo tofu was also very delicious, though I did wish the pork was more pronounced. Overall, my experience here was indeed delightful and their details to attention was very impressive. Let's just say, I loved it so much that I can't wait to visit this restaurant again so I can try some of their other dishes!
We stopped here based on recommendations from my younger sister who attends NYU. The food was good and authentic. As in the Szechuan spice was legit.Despite all that, I still prefer my own personal Chinatown staples. I think a lot of the place is hype as there was quite a line upon walking in. We called ahead, though, so we didn't wait long.I honestly don't even remember what we ordered which means the food was good but forgettable. Service was good considering the full restaurant. I'm glad I tried it once and would go back but only if others wanted to go first.
To preface the meal: I was super full coming into the restaurant as this was my last meal of the day before I flew back to Chicago. Low expectations were coupled with my lack of appetite. I went with the standard Mapo Tofu. Boy...it was definitely not standard by any means. The Mapo Tofu was maybe the best I've ever had. The spice level was perfect, tofu was cooked perfectly, I could taste the fresh herbs used in the dish, etc.. The spice wasn't overwhelming either. Random tidbit but their tea was really good. I will definitely be back next time to try the rest of their menu! #RefereEats"I call it like I eat it."
Delicious Szechuan cuisine! I'm not a big fan of spicy foods but this place is actually really good. I can usually handle no more than mild spice so whatever dishes we ordered, I just avoid eating the peppers. If you don't eat the pepper then the dish is bearable.  Started off with Sliced Pork belly with chili garlic soy. Love the presentation of the pork. The slices were hanging on a wooden frame like a clothesline. Mapo tofu was very silky and delicious.The interior is modern and beautiful.
Let me start off by saying, food=5 stars and service=5 stars! I came here with my boyfriend and his 3 friends for dinner on a Sunday evening around 10PM. The wait was about 15 minutes or so, not too long. The front desk lady is very well mannered and spoken to us very nicely (unlike other places where they just hush you off on the side). Service: our waiter Jason helped us and recommended dishes for us to try. I must say, he and his fellow staffs offered the best service I've ever had else where. Jason recommended few dishes, and he also informed us the 2 dishes we were getting are made the same way, and that we should probably try something else. I appreciate he honest opinion and not the hard push for expensive dishes. Appetizer: cold chicken in hot chili oil- absolutely bomb! I've never thought a cold chicken dish would taste this good! This dish were gone minutes after it got to our table. Everyone grabbed it and couldn't stop eating. Its not overwhelmingly spicy, it has a good kick of spiciness to it and it's so flavorful. I would recommend this dish. Diced chicken with chilis- this is my ultimate favorite dish. The chicken is diced up in small pieces, and it's soooooo juicy! I thought small pieces would be dry especially it's going to be fried then wok stir fried in chilis, but boyyyyy, was I wrong! The chicken has a numbing kind of spiciness to it, so after a few bites, your mouth and tongue will be numb. But it is so delicious. Beef cooked with veggies in a pot 水煮牛肉- I personally didn't find this dish extremely delicious, but my boyfriend enjoyed it a lot. It's sliced beef boiled in hot spicy soup and it has other Asian veggies in it. I forgot what the veggie is called (brain fart) but it's those tiny thinly beans. Intensities with chilis- I personally don't eat anything organs (other than foie gras) so I did not touch this dish at all. But from my boyfriend's friends and him eating, I know they enjoyed it. They said it does not have those stinky intestines aftertaste so I'll take it as they did a wonderful job cleaning the intestines and eliminating the taste.   Choy stir fried with chilis and pork- I make this dish at home without the pork and my boyfriend loves it. He had informed me that the restaurant's dish had beat the one I made.. so in that case, it's very very good. Ma po tofu- it was okay. We had high hopes for this dish because you can not mess up on ma po tofu. There is just no possible way. But, this dish was just mediocre. It wasn't seasoned enough and did not have the spiciness that the dish suppose to have. Overall, I will definitely come back! How can you not come back when the food is sooooooooo good and they offer exceptional service? But beware of their spiciness, it can give you a stomach if you're not used to intake that much spicy food in one meal.
My friend and I came all the way to Flushing to grab some traditional Szechuan spicy food. The reviews of this restaurant were good, so we had lunch here. The inner decoration was full of traditional Chinese stuffs, such as iron tea port, Pecking Opera masks and hand writings on the wall. We had Maoxuewang, which included duck blood, chicken gizzard, tripe, ham and sprouts. It was really oily and spicy, the exact way it was presented in Chongqing and Szechuan area. We also had corn fried with salted yolk, and rice dumpling soup flavored with homemade wine. All these were super good, and we really enjoyed this meal! Highly recommended!
Beautiful restaurant, great for spicy cravings. After shopping at the Skyview, my family and I stopped here around 4pm and found it still crowded...a testament to how good it is, I guess. This is our third time coming here and I can tell you that each time, both the service and food have been phenomenal. My mother, born and raised in Szechuan, gives a hearty two thumbs up! Must tries include: Szechuan fried rice, braised pork belly (hong shao rou), and the shredded cabbage.
Damnnnnnn good. The interior wins when it comes to the most inviting Szechuan restaurant out there, even in flushing. I'm glad they expanded to st.marks with the same design to welcome non-Chinese people to try them out. Pork belly & cucumber slices with the chili, garlic, oil was delicious. The sauce could just be on a piping hot white rice and I could eat the whole thing. We ordered the corn kernels with duck egg yolk, which was amazing, on top of the spicy chicken wings/bits and the pork belly with grapes. Would definitely return next time and try their soup based dishes. They all looked delicious.
I'm not especially into the laundry drying rack I have at home. What made me think I'd be into a miniaturized version, draped with thin slices of pork belly and cucumber?You see, this is by far the the most appealing sounding app on a very concise starter list that to me, at least, is startlingly and sadly lacking in familiar standbys like Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Wontons and Cucumber Salad:Now as it turns out, presentation-wise, this app looks every bit as unique as it sounds.  But taste-wise, I wasn't into it.  Sure it was a novelty at first to dip a thin, cooling strip of cucumber, together with a slice of savory pork belly into the tiny bowl of red chili oil that accompanied this dish, but after that first bite or two, I was over it.  Call me basic.  Call me what you will.  But I wanted some carby classics like Scallion Pancakes and Dumplings instead.  The rest of the menu was almost as disappointing.  First of all, there were an awful lot of mains priced above $20 and if memory serves, even $30.  Second of all, there was no Cumin Lamb, a favorite dish I was hoping to order.  After much agonizing, I finally settled on Mapo Tofu, Chongqing Chicken, and Beef with Chili Sauce.  Mapo Tofu was solid, as was the lip-numbing Chongqing Chicken, aka dry-fried Chicken tossed with Dried Chile Peppers.  With the latter, though, I wish the chicken hadn't been cut so small.  The Beef with Chili Sauce, which I'd ordered with my kid in mind, was served in a ton of vaguely spicy, oily broth.  Kid and hubby liked it well enough, but imo, it was blah.  Our meal came with a gratis pot of the loveliest floral Jasmine Green Tea that was constantly refilled.  Service, in fact, was very attentive and friendly.  The spacious, clean interior was also tres trendy.   Plus clearly, this spot is popular.  At about 6:30 on a Sunday night, it was PACKED.  But for me, ultimately, the food just wasn't good enough to justify the significantly higher prices.:(
So far my fav Szechuan place in NYC. Very authentic. Came back so many times and never enough. Must have 石锅水煮鱼. 泡椒兔丁 (rabbit) in secret menu is also yummy.
I came to this restaurant upon a friend's recommendation, and honestly just wasn't that impressed. It was pretty busy--there were people in line waiting for a table, but we were fortunate enough to make a reservation. The atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant was nice, with wooden tables and private booths along the sides for larger/privater parties. The service overall was pretty mediocre; although they were packed for Friday night, it took a while for us to flag down the waiters and order. They also kept forgetting our orders. The appetizer with the spicy pickled cabbage was by far the best dish (and mind you, each table can only have 2 aka, one refill). We ordered the pork intestine, chicken, and sauteed green beans. The chicken and pork intestine were both deep fried and really just lacked flavor. Other than the spiciness, no other flavor was really there, and in my opinion, fried for way too long. The green beans were decent and I would highly recommend. Unfortunately, rice costs money and while it does taste good, it would be appreciated if it just came with the meals. Overall pricey and not worth the money unfortunately. Not sure if I would come back.
Wow! Spicy! Had a wonderful lunch here. The pork and cabbage was so tasty! Stir fried frog with dried Sichuan red chilies was strong and fragrant! We also enjoyed the fried eel. Each dish was spicier than the next! The decor is warm. The service is attentive. The place was bustling! Definitely coming back to try some of the other interesting and unusual items on the menu!
My favorite szechuan place if Flushing, and NYC. With two other competitors next door and upstairs, this place is still packed during dinner time. No matter what time I come, usually need to wait 15-20 minutes.The food is not super spicy or salty here but instead it emphasizes the balance between the ingredients and sauce. Every dish is designed and presented in a perfect way that makes you wonder how smart the chef is. What to get: beef and tripe in chili sauce; sour beef soup; cabbage with soy sauce; steamed crab and sticky rice; eggplant and string beans; pork and cucumbers with chili sauce(you'll see almost everyone orders this).The staff are very hospitable and treat you in a respectful and friendly way. They were so thoughtful to change our plates four or five times during our dinner.
Food is average but service is good here. Servers will keep your table attended frequently. I was looking to order some fish here and noticed every single fish on the menu is talapia... me myself I am not a fan of talapia. But I was convinced the the waiter to order one of their best fish dishes on the menu and I did order it. It came in soup and was very sour... The cabbage I ordered was good. Also ordered frog but the frog was super spicy. Most of the dishes here were super spicy so get ready because I wasn't
This is a good place for people who love traditional food. The spice are good. The environment is spacious and they have great dishes.
I would give this place 10stars if I can.Come here for couple years,after the first time try,I've been addicted to this place.The decoration is nice and all the staffs are friendly,their cabbage is the most delicious one that I've tried in this city. Also the frog dish,you won't forget about it.The only thing that make a headache is they always busy when dinner time,you need to wait at least 30mins if you aren't lucky.
When one has just watched Phil Rosenthal make his way through Hong Kong ("I'll Have What Phil's Having!"), and consequently developed a full-on craving for ma-po-tofu, and laziji, and happen to be in #NYC that weekend, well, off to Flushing one goes.Thing is, there are many, *many* restaurants in Flushing, and, unlike Hong-Kong a _lot_ of them, frankly, are The Suck.This, however, is not one of them.The restaurant is elegant, and slightly upscale with excellent service, no odor sticking to your clothes on departure, friendly staff, good explanations, and great, *GREAT* mapo tofu. And laziji. And, well, *everything*.  Just go, you'll love it :-)The wine selection is lame - stick to the beer or sake.
Very beautiful decors and great food , although on the pricey side compared to other szechuan restaurants but worth for the quality and service. The salty eggyork fried with corn was very yummy and plentiful! The fish with spicy oil was flavorful and the live fish fillet  wasn't overcook! The cabbage fried with pork was  good to balance out the spiciness of the fish.
I really liked the food here. We came in after having some dumplings elsewhere in Flushing so weren't that hungry, but we still cleaned our plates. We got the chilli shrimp and sauteed greens, both great. They also brought out some free dessert, a sweet syrupy concoction with fruity bits in it and, of course, tea. I'd definitely come back another day to try more items. I just wish the line was shorter or they took reservations because being quoted an hour's wait time is just too much for my lack of patience.
The pork belly is definitely a must!!!! The service there was very good. However,I tried Ma-la soup for the first time, it's not really my thing but for those who like spicy herb kinda soul would like it for sure.
Love the atmosphere here. Though a bit noisy because they had to cram a lot of people in. As for the food, it wasn't bad. A bit on the salty side but pretty decent and spicy. My biggest complaint is the quantity of food served per dish. Don't be fooled by the averagely priced items on the menu. When they came, I was shocked as how little content (meat in particular, lots of sauces) they contain. My mom and I ordered three dishes (which is usually way more than enough in other Chinese restaurants) but we finished all without a problem.  Though it seems a lot of meat was provided at first glance. Underneath is all cheap vegetables and scallions. A bit disappointed.
I thought it was a really nice and beautiful restaurant. The decor is on point. The food was expensive I'd say, but definitely worth trying. I didn't enjoy it as much as my friend did, but that's all relative. The service was good, they came to change our plates since we ordered crab. Sorry I forgot to take pics of the meal, but we also ordered cabbage and spicy chicken.
If you are in Flushing, this place is a must. When you walk down into the restaurant you are greeted by a small koi pond and a friendly host. The decor is elegant and the staff was excellent. Every dish my wife and I ordered had great presentation and was delicious. We had the sliced pork belly with chili garlic soy as an appetizer. This was not spicy but very flavorful. For the main dishes we had the braised fish head w/ pickled chili and the fried pig intestines w/ red pepper. Both were outstanding. As the side, we had spinach w/ garlic. Lovely garlic flavor.We can't wait to go back to try more.
This place does not close at 11, at least not on Sundays. We came in around 10:30 and they had clients coming in at 11. Service is attentive, place is a bit smaller than what it looks like from the outside but the decor was cute, lots of wooden benches and birds nest looking lamps, there's a koi fish pond in the front which was pretty cool. I fell for the photos and ordered the pork and cucumber hanging from the wooden easel, the spicy sauce was delicious. Sour veggie fish is a must. This place makes it the best I ever had. The fish was fresh and melted in your mouth and the broth was just that right but or sour with a kick of spiciness. Pork belly and grapes in clay pot was way too sweet for me, the cabbage stir friend with black bean and meat was good. we also got some Peking Duck sort of dish, I think it was beef. They heated an oil fire and finished cooking the strips of meat at the table and you put it in a mini bun with spicy sauce and cucumber and scallion... it was soso. Come for the sichuan dishes.
Have heard about this place for a long time and finally got a chance to check it out. The restaurant located on 1/F of Fulton Square. It took us a while to figure it out. We ordered Sliced Pork Belly w/ Chilly Garlic soy, Braised Frog w/ Spicy Chilly Broth, Whole Tilapia w/ Wild Pepper in Stone Bowl, Spicy Pork Aorta, Sautéed Spinach w/ Garlic, though Chicken feet was a miss. The complimentary spicy cabbage and Tong Sui compensated it. Food came really quickly as the server told us. And they refilled the tea pot frequently. After 5:30 pm on weekends there was a wait.
Friendly services, I believe it was the manager that helped us. The wait was average, for a table of four on Saturday night, we waited for 45 mins. The food was average. We tried few bowls. I recommend trying the sour and spicy fish bowl, it definitely required a good skill to make that. I am not a fan of the recommend appetizer of the bacon mix with cucumber although it has a good presentation, but the taste is just not as pleasant to me. However, it seems like a signature dish that everyone order, worth a try for sure~
Best sichuan style food we had in NYC area.cold dish - 螺片with芥末seasoning.  Very fresh.  on the pricey side, but yummy.水煮鱼 and 酸汤肥牛 were also very delicious.  Just me and my husband so we didn't order much.  Will definitely be back for more.  It is on the pricey side, but it is delicious.  I'd rather spend a few more bucks for authenticity.
Everything tasted perfect today. Nothing too salty or too spicy everything was on point expect that beef with bun was nothing too special. Food came real fast too.
The parents were in town and after going all the way to Flushing for an authentic Szechuan meal, we left satisfied and happy. The restaurant decor is absolutely beautiful, and service is impeccable - especially for Chinatown standards. We got a few cold dishes (the best of Szechuan) and some sautéed cabbage and kung pao chicken - it was all tasty. There can be a bit of a wait and prices are higher than what's standard for the area, but the ambience and proper service make up for this.
Been here for couple times. My friend recommended this place when we came to work for the first time. Then I keep coming back every time I come to flushing. It will be better if they serve thin rice noodle in the fish bowl as the traditional way of cooking.
Amazing decor, spicy flavorful food, attentive staff. Soothing Chinese harp music in the restrooms, lol. You can't go wrong with Szechuan Mountain House, definitely a favorite of mine now. Get the sliced pork belly and cucumber with garlic chili oil and the chicken with red chili (in the shovel!).
We went to Szechuan Mountain House when we found out that our beloved Mapo Szechuan next block closed down. The restaurant looks very nice, great decorations and very cute teapots and cups. Food was good. I absolutely loved spicy beef with chilli peppers, it was even better than Mapo's.What we didn't love:Menu is very limited - I didn't find another meat dish I would like. Too much seafood, no duck at all.My wife didn't like the fish they brought and asked for an appetizer instead. They charged us for the appetizer and $25 for the fish she didn't eat. Not even a discount.We might not come back because of that.
The best so far! I'm so glad i tried this new place out as soon as I was in town, and it turned out to be the largest surprise to my NY trip. Growing up in Szechuan, I've been craving for authentic restaurants for long. And I'm happy to claim Szechuan Mountain House as my holy grail after my former favorites La Vie and Cafe China went south.Green pepper fish, eels, and garlic pork slices were so good that I almost bursted into (happy) tears.
If you're ever in the area and are craving spicy Szechuan food, look no further. Upon walking into the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were greeted with dimmed lighting, soft Chinese music, rustic decor, and servers rushing towards us, welcoming us in Chinese. We came at an odd hour of the day (~3PM) and were seating immediately in the practically empty restaurant. There is a good mix of large and small tables, but I'm not particularly certain as to how crowded it'll get/hard it'll be to get a table during the busy hours.There was a small complimentary salad waiting for us at our table when we arrived; it consisted of lettuce, spicy peppers, and chili oil. It was definitely unique, I have never had a spicy salad before. There was also a pot of tea atop a small flame on the table, available for us to refill our cups to our liking. The menu had a wide selection of dishes, but as someone who loves spice but can't handle it, I was focusing more on the mild plates. I settled on the garlic and minced pork only to find out that they didn't have it, which was a complete bummer. My waiter didn't warn us of unavailable items prior to taking our orders, which definitely slowed the ordering process down. Ultimately, I ordered the ma po tofu while my boyfriend ordered a spicy chicken dish (not completely sure what it's actually called). We also decided to order the pork belly that we saw other tables order. After we finished our meals, we were presented with dessert "on the house". I wasn't completely sure what it was that they gave us, but it was a clear sweet syrup-like base with coconut bits and fruits. Nonetheless, it was super refreshing (and free)!The lack of stars is for the price and service. Yes, the restaurant is nice, but their prices compared to those of other restaurants in the area?! Definitely on the expensive end. As for service, we had to flag down a few waiters to get our teapot refilled because apparently only our specific waiter could do it (yet the other waiters just told us that they'll tell him and never did). I was also a bit upset they didn't have the garlic and minced pork dish I wanted; again, a lack of information provided by the server.
I lovED this restaurant! Tonight we ordered 2 dishes. The first one was perfect ! Then we waited 25 min for the second one that we ordered AT THE SAME TIME. It is a dish I particularly adore but on top of being late it was soggy and very few and small pieces were present in the plate. We told the waiter. He proposed to take it away (which is a good thing from him) but never proposed for another option. He actually came back to defend his chef saying that it was 2 batches together and that we should have asked earlier to replace it. HE MADE IT SOUND LIKE WE WERE BEGGING FOR A FREE MEAL WHEN WE WERE JUST ASKING FOR A DESCENT PLATE at 22$... So long...
A bit hard to find if you are not familiar with the area. And parking sucks as anywhere in Flushing...with that being said I still recommend you go! Food is great if you're into the sezchuan spicy. My favorite here is the spicy fried chicken. It hurts so good in your mouth!  It is a bit pricey so I don't come here too often. But the amount of serving is definitely good for at least 2 people. Ambiance is also really nice...
Call ahead an hour before to get a number, this place gets busy every night! Very impressed with their whole fish dishes! They serve complimentary jasmine tea with great aroma, and the staff came to refill the teapot very often! Will definitely come back again!
I decided to check this place out on recommendation from a friend. Great interior design and located conveniently in 1 Fulton Square in Flushing. Food was good, though I must comment that the（ 什么）跳水鸡 (the water jumping chicken, forgot the name) was really bland tasting despite the sauce. It wasn't marinated at all so barely had taste... The good thing though is that this Szechuan restaurant does not kill you with its spiciness. It's spicy, but fit for the average non-spicy eater. Overall the food was good. We ordered eggplant and string beans (which definitely could use a LOT more string beans. See pic) and the bamboo pork, and popular Szechuan chili fish. We also ordered Hot and sour soup which was very large (feeds 6) for such little price. Total came out to be $77 for a family of 4. The tea was so cute too and smelled great. It sat on top of a tea light and was often refilled. Only other minor details noted was a tea cup was chipped which could harm someone's lip, and a bowl was chipped. Other than that, I would go again.
Phenomenal! Love the spiciness. This location has more to offer on the menu, but I think the one in Flushing has better taste.
Atmosphere is nice, food is ok. Better than the normal chinese for sure yet not the best.
One of the few Chinese restaurants that use proper oil (I can only eat canola oil, grape seed oil or pork oil) that doesn't make me sick, so a five star on healthy food right there!I'm not a big fan of spicy food and none of their dishes use spicy sauce: all of them come from natural vege source like chili pepper, another healthy tip for ladies who are afraid of acne popping out after hot food. I think their food is acne friendly.The atmosphere is vivid, a bit noisy but you don't need to shout to let your partner hear you like its peers. You raise your voice a bit and they can hear you :-) very good experience! Everything ok the mild side, from spicy level to sweet level, very close to home-made and maintain a high standard for healthy foodies like me :-)
Wow! It you love authentic spicy Szechuan dishes this is the place for you. The only problem is selecting your dishes because they all look so good!
Beautiful restaurant.Delicious Szechuan cuisine. the best szechuan food in the area. every dish is so good, even the non-spicy one.
Very nice ambience, modern decor, unique menu with many what I would call new Sichuan dishes. I was impressed, it isn't a typical四川 restaurant. Worth a try, would have liked more crazy spicy dishes to choose from.
The service is pretty good of this place. The waiters and waitress are busy but they don't ignore people. They change plates for you, arrange the dishes on the table, and respond when you have needs. The food, I would say, is okay. Some dishes are creative, like the sliced pork belly hanging on the rack. Every dish is the kind of the same kind of spicy. Wish the flavor was better.
Dislike. Had high expectations due to the reviews. Food was mediocre and bad service. To top it off, I got food poisoning. Would definitely not return. Be warn - the restaurant does not split the check. You cannot pay part of the check in cash and part with credit card, nor would they allow customers to pay with multiple credit cards. It's all or nothing.
This is as good as it gets outside of chengdu !! The la zi ji (chicken with red peppers) and shui zhu yu (fish in hot chili broth) is outstanding. Not just spicy but with great ma la (numbing pepper) flavor.We also had pea shoots and shrimp with spicy pepper and they were both excellent.A great addition to the neighborhood !!
the only good chinese restaurant in manhattan that isn't just a noodle shop. im extremely confident in that statement. im literally obsessed. the only complaint is that i cant really come here for a random meal by myself because all their dishes are family style to the max.pros: really good ambiance, cute historic interior design, good customer service, great authentic food, really fragrant peppercorns, they refill your tea every five minutes, wifi, not yet columbusedcons: too much food for one person
I'm a heavy spicy eater, so I felt like some of the dishes weren't spicy enough. But they were still delicious! Yes, the it's a tiny bit over priced, but I love Szechuan food so I'm not going to complain. Oddly loved the...Slices Beef with Sour Soup (it was wonderfully warming, perfect balance)Spicy Mung Bean Jello Salad Stew Talapia with Chili (Could use a little more fish, but it was yummy)*Will definitely go back to try other dishes!Definitely make a reservation. When I arrived at the restaurant, there were plenty of people lined up outside. No thank you! :) Service could be better...? I asked for a glass of water maybe 5x (food gets kinda salty after a while, so don't forget to ask for water!) and it finally came after like 20 minutes.
On a freezing Tuesday night we had a 30 minute wait, the restaurant was filled with Chinese millenials, the menu had pictures for those of us with limited Chinese reading abilities. Peeking at other tables and matching up with the pictures ordered and devoured thinly sliced pork belly w. cucumber and chili sauce, a bubbling cauldron of cabbage with spices, finishing with chunks of pork belly and large grapes in a rich spicy sauce, the tea was in an iron pot with a candle to keep warm ....service was fine, everybody friendly and helpful, with many more dishes to try .... this is definitely not your neighborhood takeout menu ....
I wanted to come here for quite a while now and I finally got the chance to try out the food with my fam. The interior design was very much, got that nice traditional vibe to it. After ordering our food, the tea that they offer was nice. The smell was Jasmine and the tea was just super refreshing. They will also give us a small bowl of white fermented cabbage drizzled with chili oil. Tasted a bit like kimchi since it's got the sourness but also a hit of spice which is delish. Now about the food I ordered... 1. Fish Filets with Pickled Vegetable Soup- $25.95 I loved it so much! The fish was soft and the flavor was great! Soup is not spicy for those who cannot eat spice. *Recommend*2. Pineapple Fried Rice- $16.95Didn't like it at all. The rice wasn't good (texture-wise) and the flavor was bland. I would say it's overpriced. 3.  Spicy Beef Intestine(?) I forgot the name of that one- $19.95 Loved the spice and the sauce that kinda looks like soup was super flavorful. This dish would go great with a bowl of white rice. *Recommend* Be aware there's a LOT of chili peppers and corn pepper seeds. 4. Spicy Fried Pig Intestine- $18.95Crispy and flavorful. Wish they put less chili pepper and corn pepper seeds. *Recommend*5. Braised Pork with Cherry- $15.95Pork was super soft. Non-spicy dish. The cherry is actually grapes, also super good. I loved the sweetness it gives the pork. Sauce was delicious also. *Recommend* Total including tax and tip was about $121, which isn't bad at all. Keep in mind that the portion is actually quite big; especially the soup and the Spicy Beef Intestine plate. *I posted up some pics*I was glad we came here early (arrived around 12pm on a Sunday) because after 12:30pm more people came of course there was a line. Don't think they take reservations since the restaurant itself is small, about 20 tables.  I would come back with friends and try the other dishes next time :)
Not fresh, not tasty, not spicy, pricey. Please go to LA or Szechuan try the real Szechuan food.
I love Sichuanese food. It boldly harnesses oil to its maximum potential, and the intricate levels of spiciness are exquisite. Utilizing ginger, numbing peppercorns, spicy fermented beans, hot peppers, and chili oil, Sichuanese's iconic bright red dishes typically have flavors that fortify each other without being overwhelming. Unlike in most cuisines where subtlety and gentle harmony is paramount, Sichuanese food is dynamic and robust.Szechuan Mountain House is an absolutely gorgeous restaurant. With a fountain near the front as well as bamboo stairs and paintings adorning the walls, this restaurant was offering the promise of a great meal. We ordered the honey grapefruit drink; pigs blood, tripe, and intestine soup; Chongqing chicken; Mapo Tofu; and Liang Fen.Food (3.5/5)Honey Grapefruit drink (4/5): Honey and grapefruit is one of those classic combinations that deserves to be as beloved as strawberries and cream. This drink felt pretty much like unadulterated grapefruit and honey. In fact, there was grapefruit pulp in the drink itself: a sure sign that the drink was fresh and made in-house. As refreshing as it was, the drink was a little too sweet, especially as we neared the end, and it would have been worlds better served colder.Pigs blood soup (2/5): I'm just going to preface this by saying that I don't actually know what this ought to taste like. However, I personally did not enjoy it very much at all. The flavors were not all completely there because it was masked by an overwhelming bitter aftertaste from the intestines (and this coming from somebody who actually likes pork intestines) which probably means the intestines weren't properly cleaned. While the Sichuanese friends at my table seemed to think it tasted fine, I suppose it is worth nothing that it was also the only dish that wasn't finished by the end of the night.Chongqing chicken (3/5): Who loves fried chicken? Who loves fried chicken with green onions, garlic chips, and spice? Chongqing chicken is probably the best starting dish for anyone trying to get into authentic Sichuanese food. It is crispy and has flavor in spades, and this Chongqing chicken was no different. However, I personally found that most of the chicken was cut just a tiny bit too small which made it pretty difficult to eat. Try eating a bowl of rice 3 grains at a time and you'll know what I mean. Also, several of the pieces had small bone shards in them...it's not a pleasant experience fishing around your mouth for that little particular piece of bone! Pro tip: don't actually eat the numerous chilies that come in the dish.Mapo Tofu (3/5): Mapo tofu is one of my absolute favorite dishes of any cuisine of all time which is probably why I am judging this dish a little more harshly than the others. When prepared well it is so delicious. The mellow sweetness of the leeks/onions paired with the savory fermented beans rounds the mounting spice of the chilies. The numbing spice is both fragrant and earthy in such a way that it reignites the softened spice. The tofu is just firm enough to hold together but delicate enough to absorb the flavor. Of course there is ground pork, too, but the tofu ends up being the real star. Because of its texture, it picks up enough of the mapo flavor to be delicious while not being too salty. Mapo tofu is the ultimate Sichuanese food. The mapo tofu here is OK. It's definitely better than anything you would be able to find at any standard Chinese takeout--but that's a given. Szechuan Mountain's version just lacked oomph. It was too light on the Sichuan peppercorns, so suddenly the sweetness became more prominent and the spiciness was no longer as defined. Instead of humming, the spice in the dish flat-lined, and that's a problem when the main protein of the dish is the relatively bland and humble tofu.    Liang Fen (5/5): Liang fen is good. The sauce was pretty good and the noodles had the right texture. I found myself wishing that there was more of it! For newcomers to Sichuanese cuisine, this might be a difficult dish to immediately enjoy because of its texture. The noodles are slippery--they should never be slimy, stale on the edges, or grainy in texture--but still picks up just enough of the delicious chili oil flavor to stand out as great starter dish.Altogether, I wish this restaurant had done more. I love Sichuanese food. I've been to Sichuan, and I've eaten Sichuanese food at friends' homes, restaurants in China, and restaurants all throughout the United States. I mean honestly, the food here wasn't bad. The amalgamation of errors here and there just unhinged the cohesion of the meal.
Different but solid food, definitely not take out and worthy of the wait. Flushing is definitely the borough that's killing it with the Chinese cuisine. Take the train or drive, it's definitely worth it.
First time trying this place and it's amazingly good. Must get the fried corn with salty eggs, but don't get the white pork belly from appetizer because there's not much taste to it. Everything else kinda taste similar because it's all mala-spicy
Fancy Chinese restaurant, really crowded so expect a wait. I recommend calling ahead to make reservations. I like their teapot a lot, it looks really nice. Hanging pork is a must order dish here. They also have really good dessert soup with clear jelly. Price is a bit higher than usual considering you're in flushing but it's still a popular place.
Everything's fancy but I doubt that I will come back again.Szechuan Mountain House is definitely the new jam in Flushing. It has been well recognized by Chinese foodie social media in NYC. I heard, I came, I tasted.Shall we begin with their decorations? Have not been to Flushing for 18 months, I got amazed by how much Flushing has not changed. But luckily, Szechuan Mountain House is located in a new food court(hotel-food building) on Prince Street. The decoration is based on the Mountain life in Szechuan. Some chinese paintings are hanging on the wall but it seems like no one gives a rat ass about it. The decoration is very good made me feel like I am almost at some high-end chinese restaurants in China.Food is okay. I gradually get sick of spicy food. I did not mean that they are not good. I do like spicy food sometimes, but for most time they ruin the flavor of what true vegetables or meats tastes like. Some times, the over-spice flavor covered the unfreshness of some sort of ingredient and if I tasted it and sensed it I felt like I am really upset.The flavor here is alright but fantastic. You can give it a try but that's it.
I went there with three other friends on a Saturday. They said that we can't make reservation for less than six people, so we went around 5:30PM to avoid the crowd and waiting time. The decor: Every bit and piece of the restaurant brings a hint of home and we absolutely fell for the traditional Chinese style interior design. Serving time: We were seated right away since we avoided the peak time. And shortly after, we were served with tea and a small plate of marinated cabbage appetizer. We pretty much knew what we wanted to order prior to going, so we ordered our food very quickly. I was actually surprised by how fast the food came. I think the dessert came around five minutes after. And then everything else came soon after.The food: All my friends were pretty satisfied with the food! We ordered four dishes and a dessert, and we all felt full afterwards. I love spicy food and can tolerate a pretty high spicy level. For my taste, the spicy level is decent and should be tolerable for most people, but some dishes sure made my tongue feel slightly numb which I love. We loved everything we ordered except for the dish of loofah with chopped garlic on top. It's still an okay dish but we felt like they are nothing special than your regular boiled loofah...just looked fancy.Overall, I'll give a 9/10. I took one point off because the portion is honestly a bit smaller than excepted. And the dishes are a bit pricy for the amount they offer.If you have an affair with Szechuanese food and spicy food in general, then try this place out, it should be a hit!
Sunday night about 930pm this place is jammin'. Full house but we were lucky to be seated immediately. The Szechuanese mala junkie that I am, cannot wait to get my hands on what yelpers have been raving. We tried ordering the mala dry pot with frogs, sold out. Beef brisket stew with potatoes, sold out. In short, the malas were all not available except for intestines and cabbage. Who wants straight up cabbage? hence we tried something risky and settled for the mala pig intestines. And the tripe and beef tendons in hot oil to start.Food arrived fairly quickly after ordering. Pig intestines were amazing! Their mala is on point! They were fried crispy and I got over the fact that it's innards fast, when it taste like fried chicken breading. Each dish was well played and presented based off of one on-going theme: ancient China during the dynasties. Menus were presented in what looked like hand-bonded books. Chinese paintings plastered on the dining area, and the restaurant overall decorated to be a wooden shack. Service: Though there were plenty of wait staff, I got the impression that there's just a lack of coordination and plenty of them distracted. We asked for our remaining to be doggy-bagged. Wait or took the plate and left it sitting in the back forgotten, it's not until I pointed it out did he remember. Our drinks were never refilled, though we were seated only a table away from where most of them congregate, none of them would proactively acknowledge us until you get their attention. Bathroom situation, there's only one stall stall for each, def not enough considering the amount of traffic. Two attempts at washing my hands failed as the girls before me were taking way too long. Ended up going into the men's. Oops. All in all, their food did live up to all the hype, however the service is in great need for improvement. Though service was possibly the only downfall, I left last night with great disappointment overall. Unfortunately I'm not dying to come back, though their food is one of the better Szechuanese that I've had.
Waited about 20 mins for the first dish. All three dishes were too light and mild, not spicy at all. All dishes were below our expectation. Most of the bowls and plates were CRACKED! Overall disappointed!
Well I must say I ate in many Chinese restaurants ( married to a taiwanese)I love this place very much , everything I tried was delicious , very authentic flavor and ridiculously good tasteI love the beef tripe , pork and cabbage , spicy chickenStaff is super nice and friendlyWill come back for more
There's usually a wait, its best to call for a reservation if you've a party of 4 or more. Very nice decor, clean and excellent service for a Chinese restaurant, very attentive. Decent portion serving, food was delicious and authentic. Highly recommend, especially for spicy lovers!
Food is very good. Every dish has its own distinct taste. Not the best Szechuan restaurant I've been to but certainly a place I would come back. It's aleays packed with people. Decor is very cozy and stylish. Has Szechuan theme going on. Now, the service. The waiters here are incredible. They work as a team. Taking care of their customers like I never seen before. I have been to many upscale restaurants, even ones run by iron chef and many American restaurant.  The waiters in Szechuan Mountain House beat the other restaurant service hands down. They constantly fill your teapot before it's even half empty. Keep taking away the dishes that has garbage in it. Most impressive is when I knock my chopsticks off table by accident, the waiter already delivered a pair of new chopstick in front of me even before I bend down to pick up the chopsticks on the floor. Now, that's attentive. Its excellent foods and impeccable service. Only complain is line to wait for table is too long. Worthwhile to call ahead to make a reservation.
I don't really have a lot of Szechuan Food in my life. But most of the food available in this restaurant I haven't seen from other restaurant. The food is tasted great!!!!  The most impressed is the hot tea pot is keeping warm all the time by putting a candle fire underneath. That's a sweet idea.
This is a nice place to go anytime. There is a reason for the waiting time. The spicy food are very good. Spicy fish is recommended. I came here to eat once a while and will always go back. I like all the appetizers! U gotta go there & try!
This might be the best Sichuan food I've had in the states.Most of the time when you order Sichuan food in the US, the dishes look like they pack a lot of spice, but instead the flavor ends up being quite tame. That is definitely not the case here. Here the numbing mala sneaks up on you until you are reduced to a nervous sweating wreck, except the flavor is so addicting that you can't help but dive in for more. We got the spicy beef soup (a preparation which I've seen pretty frequently in China, but this is the first time I've encountered it in the US), fried pork intestine, Chongqing chicken, and mao xue wang. All of them were very well executed and are highly recommended.This place was packed at dinnertime, but service was great. The decor was very nice for a Chinese restaurant and not tacky at all.My only complaint would be that the dishes are pricy (~$20 for many entrees), however I do feel that this is a rare case when the food and atmosphere of the place justify the price. If anything, I hope that there will be more restaurants like this serving uncompromised, really authentic Chinese food in a nice setting in the years to come.
We finally came and tried out this place, I have to say it's disappointing.Nice ambience, decor and plate setting.I walked in with 2 moms with strollers, they were greeted by the manager(in suit), and he helped them carrying the strollers downstairs. ( not very stroller friendly). The receptionist is busy with another customer, she saw me but I wasn't greeted. I saw my party and just went inside.Our waiter missed one of our orders and placed a leftover to-go bag on our very crowded table. The food is in small portions and mediocre comparing to other Szechuan restaurants in Flushing. Maybe I would come back for business meals with out of town clients.
The fancier and pricier alternative to Szechuan Gourmet. Been wanting to try this place for awhile but they are usually packed. This past Sunday friends decided to go and we joined them. Even though it was torrential downpouring outside there  was a line. Even with ressies we still had to wait ten minutes. It definitely gets points for concept and cleanliness being in the new Hyatt Place complex. Ordered a bunch of things for our party of 6. Started off with the hanging cucumber and bacon appie with a red chili garlic sauce. Think a lot of tables for ordered that. Very fragrant and a nice taste. Next up was the shrimp balls. Crunchy and tasty. The fish soup was milky and just how we like it. Then came the stuffed bitter gourd. I think the gourd may have been a bad one as it had a really strange taste to it unlike how bitter gourd normally tastes. The greens that we had was super young and tasty! The crab and roe baked rice was amazing. The fat from the roe melted into the rice. Yummo! The chicken in red sichuan pepper oil 雞公casserole was pretty tasty!! Unfortunately our crew was already stuffed. We brought that home and had it the next night. Tasted even better!!! They brought a purple sweet potato mash on taro chips for dessert and we thought that was a bit too sweet. No need to add sugar to that mash as purple sweet potatoes are naturally sweet enough. Also they brought a clear dessert soup that helped cool our numb mouths which was nice. Service was prompt and friendly. Would def come back with a crew who appreciates mind numbing mala!
My friends' highly recommendation.We came on Friday night and we just two have 30 minus wait.The food is not super spicy or salty here but instead it emphasizes the balance between the ingredients and sauce.We got a few cold dishes (the best of Szechuan) and some sautéed cabbage and kung pao chicken - We also decided to order the pork belly that we saw other tables order. it was all tasty.We were impressed with the service and their interior decoration as well. I like the design and many details such as chopsticks, teapot and cups...try this place out, it should be a hit!
Food was good. It absorbed the authentic part of Szechuan cuisine yet the was definitely modified a bit to reach a more balanced, more "western" type standard. Nothing's too spicy or salty which is a good thing. Even though it's bit pricey comparing to other Chinese restaurant, I think it's worth a visit, especially if you are looking for place to accommodate special guests since the interior/ambience is much better than average Chinese restaurant.
The place is great! Good authentic food! Really liked the atmosphere and service as well.Highly recommend!
So famous and so disappointed... we came in as a group of 8 and ordered a looot. Almost nothing impressive and a lot not delicious at all... will never come back
Been to this place three times now, never a disappointment! It is not pricey because the portion size for entrees is relatively big. Although it is a Szechuan place and known for the spiciness, you can request to have your food made in mild spicy.Although this place is usually crowded, but luckily, my friends and I didn't have to wait a minute when we were there. They also take reservations!
Authentic Szechuan restaurant with cool decor and great service. If you are not familiar with Szechuan cuisine or have a low tolerance for spicy food, be careful! Some dishes are definitely on the more spicy side. Although you can find plenty of milder options on the menu to balance it out.For appetizer, we ordered the pork belly and cucumber slices, which has a cool/interesting/quirky presentation. It pretty much looks like laundry hanging from a drying rack....The cucumber slices balance out the fattiness of the pork belly. And the garlic chili oil dipping sauce is heavenly.For main dishes, we ordered the pickled vegetable beef soup and fried potato shrimp balls. The pickle vegetable beef soup is sour and spicy, which is very tasty. We ordered the beef one instead of the more popular fish option, since we just didn't fee like dealing with fish bones. Other than the beef slices, there were taro vermicelli knots, rice cake slices, and pickled vegetables in there. The fried shrimp balls was a non-spicy option. It is made to order and very crispy on the outside. The shrimp itself is dipped in some sort of mayo mixture (tastes like Japanese Kewpie mayo to me), so the overall taste is sweet and slightly sour. The portions are pretty big here. The 2 of us ended up taking a lot of the beef soup to go. At the end they also bring you a free dessert of a cold lotus seed papaya soup. I would definitely visit again to try their other dishes!
Came in late afternoon for lunch with 5 adults and 3 kids (all under 2) and the service was impeccable. I can't really take spicy food, so i thought my options were limited but everything I ordered was delicious and distinctive in flavor. I loved the pineapple fried rice and the beef egg drop soup. The waiter said the fried rice was a little spicy but it wasn't at all. I definitely would be back for the service alone.
I really liked this place - from services, ambience, to food. The environment here resembles that in some authentic Chinese restaurants - with good decor, visually appealing menu, and efficient services. For me, there wasn't much wait when I visited. The food is above average, but it's not on par with some of the most authentic Szechuan food I've ever had in Chengdu. It's not flavorful and spicy enough consider it's a Szechuan restaurant. I guess the flavor will fit people who don't eat that much spicy food better. Overall a pleasant place to visit.
This is the best Szechuan restaurant in NY. The food is very decent and authentic. The fish is a most-order, which reminded me of what I had in China before.
Eating here makes you feel like you are in the Chinese countryside. Much attention was put into the decor of the restaurant. I loved the rustic look of the wooden doors and furniture, waterfalls, koi pond, traditional wall paintings and poetry scrolls. Even though the theme is very rural and traditional, the food is quite modernized and beautifully presented. Sliced Pork Belly w/ Chili Garlic Soy ($9.95) - This was an amusing appetizer. Strips of thinly sliced pork belly and cucumber are hanged on a contraption with a dish of intensely flavored garlic chili oil underneath. Because the main component of the sauce was fresh garlic puree, all the garlic molecules released its intense spicy bitter flavors so the it was too garlicky to my taste (7/10).Braised Fish and Tomato w/ Sour Soup ($26.95) - This soup was sour and spicy almost like a tom yum soup. There wasn't much meat on the fish. In fact, it was quite boney and was just heads and tails. I didn't enjoy the fish as much as the soup itself. (6/10)Fried Cabbage w. Soy Sauce ($13.95) - Surprisingly this simple dish was my favorite of the meal. Served in a mini-wok over a flame, the cabbage absorbed the delicious sweet and garlicky soy sauce. Also there was bits of tender pork belly as well. (9/10)Kung Pao Chicken ($12.95) - I almost had to ridicule myself for ordering something so associated to Americanized Chinese food but this dish wasn't that bad. Unlike the overly sweet and cornsyrupy American counterpart, this dish was mildly sweet with a stronger flavor of Chinese dark vinegar (7/10)Service was friendly and tried their best to help even though their English was limited. Szechuan Mountain House is one of the few high end Chinese restaurants in the city that does a great job in balancing authenticity with presentation. You get to enjoy traditional flavors without sitting in dirty hole in the walls and still pay similar prices.
Authentic and amazing! As a white tourist that has little experience with Chinese food and culture I felt very welcomed, the employees even gave our family a free dessert! The food was delicious (super spicy though if you can't handle spice be careful!). Please check out this place, you won't regret it.
Before I tried out this place, I had heard some negative comments about it.  Too pricy, small portion and not authentic, etc.  So even though I very tempted to try out this place when it was just opened, I waited a long time to actually stepped a foot inside this restaurant.  But the experience was out of my expectation.  First, I like the decor, it was very 中國風。The music they play is pretty calming.  Secondly, they serve real tea!! In a very heavy teapot!  Lol! And we like the dishes we ordered!  We order the fresh pepper fish.  It was very flavorful,  and it was hot!!  Fish was very fresh, I wish it was a little bigger though, hahaha.  Everything else was pretty good,  nice plates and good presentation.  Price was a little on the higher end, but I think it's worth it!
We ordered total 5 dishes and we decided to pack 4 of them to go. When we got home, we found out that there were only three dishes! If you wanna pack anything to go, do it yourself. I have been to this restaurant three times with my friends, two of my experiences were awful. Awful place!!!打包4个菜，看着他们端走，和他们确定打包四个菜。回家才发现，只有3个菜。菜的味道也一般般，只有一道我比较偏爱。而且之前陪朋友来不让我们两个人坐在卡座说怕到了饭点后面的人没有位置，但是后面来的两组 两个人的都坐了卡座。我确定他们也没有预约。在这地方吃饭，一不小心就被气饱了。
This place finally opens after months of construction -- a highend Chinese Sichuan restaurant. With trends of modern restaurants are getting more popular than the traditional street vendor food, Flushing prince st is the pioneer of newly developed restaurants. Please note that it's not a traditional Sichuan style -- meaning do not expect really spicy and numbing tastes, but rather modern Sichuan style food.Interior dec / environment - 5: very well designed with dedicated ornaments. The wall decorations are Chinese ceramic enamel plates. The tea pot is in traditional Jingdezhen style, and the chopsticks are well designed.Service - 5: you know it's a new restaurant and the owner is aiming for a highend experience, the service is of course good during the grand opening. The waiters wear Santa hat right now to celebrate this special time of the year. Not sure if the service will maintain later on.Food - 3: the display is better than the taste. The experience itself is more important than how you enjoy the food. We, a group of 6, ordered two appetizers and four entrées. First appetizer - Phoenix paws (chicken feet in pickle peppers): I'm very impressed at its display. A bowl of chicken feet sided with spices and leaves, delivering a classy Dining atmosphere as if in a mountain. It's about 6 pieces to share.Second appetizer - spicy mund bean jello salad: this is an important dish to decide if a Sichuan restaurant is worthy coming back. However, it's quite disappointing. The bean jelly itself is fresh and chewy, however then sauce doesn't really come along with bean jello. It's more of a sauce for cold noodles, rather than bean jelly/jello. It's also about 6 pieces to share as well.1st entrée - stir fried chicken with bone with pepper (鸡软骨): would thought it will be more spicy. The chicken with bone is not the cut that we expect. The  portion definitely bigger than other entrée s.2nd entrée - boiled blood curd w/ other stuff in spicy sauce (  毛血旺） : it's a signature Szechuan food with bunch of inners soaked in spicy chilli sauce. not every one would appreciate inners, but Chinese people have loved inners for centuries, especially in Szechuan style.this dish is not too spicy either. Small portion.3rd entrée - sautéed loofah w/ garlic (白玉 丝瓜）: always wold love to have some veggies to go with spicy food.the display of this course is overly too god.only 10 pieces in total to share.4th entrée- spicy boiled fish with green pepper. The fish is a whole talipia, rather than fish filet. The fish is pretty big and was cut in slices. Tastes pretty good but not spicy enough.Anyway, this new restaurant worthy trying out, but I'll probably not gonna be back in a while.Hope it helps! Xoxo,QQ
Yea, the 40 minutes wait is a real thing, its not a big restaurant and during dinner time it gets really busy.The décor is good, very good, it is beautifully designed. The furniture are ancient Chinese style, like those in older Chinese movies. Combine with ceramics utensils, it aims to give customers a complete immerse dinner experience.Now let's talk about the thing we can eat. The food is presented very well, but the taste is mediocre. It taste like other Szechuan restaurant around, but more expensive, with a immerse experience so let's not forget about that because it's the ONLY selling point.Ma Paul tofu with minced pork, this taste pretty good, tofu is silky and meat is harder, it's like Chinese version of spigettiStew Tilapia with Chili (水煮鱼) this is one of the favorite dishes in the Szechuan world. It is very numb-ing (麻), I don't mean spicy, it's just that it will numb your mouth for the night. My two other companions didn't like it, they complained that the fish has a weird taste to it, I thought it was weird since it's so spicy it should have cover any weirdness. For me, I couldn't taste anything after my tongue was numbed.Stir fried pork bone with pepper (脆辣月牙骨) this one was good, we all agree, but for some people who is not used to eating soft bone it might be a weird dish for you. It is a little on the hard side but the taste and the vegetables was making up for it.I think the place was hyped up by people posting picture on social media, if you want a good Szechuan place to eat, just go across the street, on the other side of prince street, there's a long standing and not as gimmicky restaurant there.
As a Chinese, I have to give this spot my utmost approval! The food tastes very authentic, particularly if you love spicy. The decoration overshadows most Asian restaurants you'll see in Manhattan. The speed and quality of service is surprisingly pleasing given the usual level of crowdedness. They also allow queuing with a number and name so you can go wonder around instead of having to stand at their doorstep waiting for a seat in the cold like a bunch of jackasses.Overall, highly recommended for anyone looking for an authentic Szechuan meal in a beautifully decorated place while enjoying some lovely service.Try their free jasmine tea, making a coffee drinker convert.
Always has a long wait even on a weekday with crappy weather. Honestly, the food is a little too mild for Szechuan. Their presentation of dishes is quite interesting. I personally really enjoyed the ambiance. It has a very traditional twist (so are several other restaurants next door). However, the tables are way too close to each other and chairs are really uncomfortable for smaller tables. Not recommended for large groups. If you wanna impress your non Chinese friends/coworkers, this might be a good spot.
I found this place via Yelp, and seems to be a pretty legit place. And as all legit places in NYC go, they are usually packed with people, so a reservation is highly recommended. Well due to my schedule I wasn't able to make a reservation, so I did a walk-in. This place was fully packed. I was told I needed to wait about 1 hr for a seat of 1. (I was alone that day) They take your phone number and name and will call you so feel free to wonder around, there are plenty of things. I went upstairs to the T-Mobile store, wasted plenty of time there so it was perfect timing. The hostess was very friends and attentive, I was seated and the server immediately came. I ordered some very spicy dishes, of course, it's a Szechuan restaurant, gotta get what they are famous for. The food came pretty quick. In the meantime, the waitress checked on my multiple times for water and additional requests. I was very pleased with their service. Their food is just GREAT. I used to think the Beijing Noodle No.9 in Caesar Palace, Las Vegas was my favorite, but after trying this I changed my mind. It's authentic, and will not let you down. The tastes I remembered from China just came right back to me. I highly recommend anyone to go there, and don't forget to get a reservation.
The best Sichuan food I've ever had in US!!! And believe me I've tried many. I feel the ingredients and oil is of good quality and the taste of each dish is different, unlike many other Sichuan restaurants! I highly recommend it
I highly recommended this restaurant to anyone who likes spicy food. Every dish is nicely presented and it's worth the price. The decor is gorgeous and traditional. I really enjoy the dining environment and will definitely come again.
First, lets starts with what we ordered:1) pickle fish soup, soup was very tasty and good balance between sour and spicy. Fish was very fresh and tender.2) cabbage with soy sauce, I think the sauce is little bit too sour.3) spicy crispy intestine，very spicy and hot.Something good about this restaurant:1) service was very nice, staff was very prompt and polite.  2) dining environment was nice, very classics Chinese theme and hot tea was very nice and tasty( green tea with honey)
It can be called an authentic szechuan place. But since I've heard so many compromises on this place, it didn't surprised me. Those spicy dishes were full of favor, though tasted all the same. But we all agreed that it's a place you can find in NYC that is very close to a real Chinese restaurant in China.
We went there for Saturday dinner. Got there around 7:30pm and waited for about 45mins to get a table for 2. There are lots of dessert bars nearby and are pretty good. So waiting time was not too tough. We ordered a spicy cold noodle as appetizer(川北凉粉）which is very authentic, ordered a chongqing spicy chicken (重庆辣子鸡），also very good. It tastes spicy and also the unique Szechuan numbing taste. Definitely a very solid choice. Also worth mentioning is that the restaurant is very new and nicely decorated
Honestly this was my first time trying Szechuan food, and it was delicious! I can't eat very spicy foods but there was plenty that I could eat here. The sliced pork belly appetizer was unique and is a must try! I also enjoyed the stir fried chicken with chili as well as the braised pork with cherries.The stars isn't only for the food though, presentation of food and ambiance was on point! The restaurant has a modern yet old Chinese village design, including a mini-pond with live fish swimming in it. Each dish looked amazing, with a special touch such as a flower garnish.Be sure to make a reservation as it is a busy place. The prices seemed fair, less expensive than what I'm used to in Manhattan anyhow.
Great serviceA bit pricey in my opinion, you are paying for the service and atmosphere. Food is good. I would come back as long as there is no wait.
Havnet had such a great Sichuan food for a while, The place is not big but it's crowded on the weekend with Chinese. The food is authentic, not super spicy like real sichuan food but the flavor is on point. great selection of sichuan food. and the portions are real generous. Unlimited refill jasmine tea and free dessert, I think it's papaya and white fungus soup. There were four of us , ordered 水煮鱼，黄喉，蛋炒饭，手撕包菜，辣子鸡和麻婆豆腐, everything was so good. The price is very fair. All 6 dishes together are $100 before tax. Flushing does have a lot of cheap restaurants but with this service and the quality, it's pretty decent. We all left with a happy belly.
We may have been the only non-Asian customers in the crowded restaurant, which was a good sign to us that we would get excellent food. The service and food were excellent.
I came here around 9PM on a Wednesday because I passed by this place numerous times since I am a regular at Mister Hotpot next door.The ambiance is really nice. I liked the little pot of tea and the flame to keep it warm. The tea was quite tasty too.The food is OK. Nothing special. The pork belly with cucumber was OK. The Mapo tofu had no flavor, just drowned in chili oil. The fish filet with preserved vegetables had no flavor either. The soup with the fish filet was very sour and then a little spicy. I've had better Szechuan food elsewhere. The only dish that was pretty tasty was the string beans. These four dishes came out to be $68, which was quite pricey.The service was good. But we had to ask for rice from 3 different waiters because all our dishes came out but we had no rice. Overall, this place is OK to try once but I will never be coming back here again. Highly disappointed with the food.
The best sezchuan food in NYC!! The taste is spicy and numb. My favorite food is spicy frog and crab. Service is a little bit slow sometimes, but I can understand all waiters are very busy. If you want to try this restaurant in the evening, you had better come early because they have a lot of customers every day.
The foods here taste great!Service was fine!The only star lost was for the awkward seating.
Omg!!! Bad experiences. We want to order something without the some kind of pepper. They rejected us immediately. They just "NO" for any questions!! We ordered the Sour Fish Soup. The picture shows the soup was clear. But it came out it's creamy. Tasted SOSO.. NOT recommended.The Sour Sweet pork rib....omg.so bad.. can't finished one.For today. Only 1 star.
The food is not as good as expected. Their fried rice needs some improvement as it is not salty enough.
Horrible service, even  found hair in my food! I really love the food here , but the service is even worst then fj restaurant!
Very good and amazing. Love the selection here. Always good to find a place that has authentic real Chinese food. Spicy food lovers come here. Tried many great dishes that you can't get anywhere else. Also love the addition of Zanthoxylum. Creates an amazing round flavor for some of there most spiciest dishes. Yum!
We came with our family,we order couple fish,and we finished pall the food,the food was tasted good,only some item there just sold out,maybe they are very busy,but we order other stuff,we want try maybe next time,service it's good,we will come back try next time
Somehow overpriced. some dishes are ok but others sucks, if the price is cheaper it would be great. The store decorates good but they need to pay more attention on their food.I am from Szechuan originally and I am not a big fan of this one!
Whoa, the Prince Street area is getting high end. Lots of new restaurants in just this complex alone. Went here on a Saturday night near closing, and it was still pretty busy. Like many have said, Szechuan Mountain House has really nice, traditional decor, from the cutlery and tableware to the koi fish/waterwheel combo in front. To start, the complementary tea was really good, not the typical tea served in Chinese restaurants. I want to say it was Jasmine tea. The menu had a pretty good/exotic range of choices with quite a few intestine dishes. I'm not too familiar with Szechuan cuisine, but the menu was definitely interesting, with lots of things to try. We started with the pork belly with cucumber. It wasn't too flavorful by itself, but the sauce added much needed flavor, albeit being a bit spicy. I was expecting something a bit more flavorful with it being BBQ pork belly, but it was OK. My entree was the beef short rib. It was presented Peking duck style with the thick steamed buns. It was served with rum that was literally aflame. The entree indeed, was lit. The flavor of the beef short rib was flavorless, from my experience. It was fine with the rum sauce and other additions with the bun, but not great. The beef stew was good, with cartilage and potatoes along with the beef. It wasn't outstanding, but solid. It was probably the best tasting thing in the meal, and it wasn't too great. We didn't really order anything too spicy, so I can't comment on that.The presentation, much like the decor, was top notch. Also, the service was FAST. I think our entrees arrived in probably less than 15 minutes, which was really surprising and welcome. I'm definitely open to trying this place again, but from my experience, the food didn't really match the high end decor and presentation at Szechuan Mountain House.
The best Szechuan restaurant in the states! Literally eat here at least once every week, and never get tired of it. Service is very nice and satisfying, definitely one of my favorite restaurant.
Came here twice so far, one time with a group of 7 people and waited 1 1/2 hours, and another time with a friend and didn't have to wait at all. So tip is: if you're coming with a group of more than 6 people for dinner definitely, call in to make a reservation. Even if you have to wait in line, I believe it is worth it to try the authentic taste of Szechuan food. I make 水煮鱼 a lot at home, and I often contemplate how Szechuan Mountain House can make its spicy fish so good. The fresh fish absorbs the chili oil and spicy sauce so well that it makes perfect combination with a bowl of white rice. Even though the Sliced Pork Belly with Chili Garlic Soy looks like a captivating dish, I didn't think it was that good. However, I highly recommend their Whole Tilapia with Wild Pepper in Stone Bowl (heat level:3/5)Fried Corn Kernel with Salted Duck Yolk (heat level:0)Mapo Tofu (heat level: 4/5)(saltiness: 5/5) Fried Cabbage with Soy Sauce (heat level:1/5) **consider as a low level of spice standardIf you cannot eat spice, I recommend Fish Filet with Mustard Green and Stew Beef with Potato. If you decide to drink alcohol, I recommend to add stir fried chicken with dry red chili (heat level: 3/5) ; the pepper fragrant is super crisp and strong. What is interesting is their fried purple potato. I'm not sure if it is fried but there are bits of rock candy on top of the potato. It's a dessert and makes it an interesting wrap-up of all the salty dishes. They also provide a complimentary bowl of cooling soup for each person. Definitely going to come back to try their Braised Frog with Chili Broth.
Everything tasted so great, all the dishes are authentic, and I loved their deco and the presentation of the food.
This is the worst place ever, first time my friend got food poisoning while still being inside the restaurant... He threw up the entire meal in their bathroom... and the staff seemed used to this kind of situation so I believe he is not the first one... feels horrible to throw up 40$!!!  DO NOT GO!!!
Best best best best best Szechuan restaurant I've ever had in US!!!! 5 star service and 10 star taste(wish I could give 10 star) If you want the most authentic Szechuan food then this should be your first choice. Take a look at the hot&spicy fish picture I took! This is the first and ONLY place that how the fish was cut exactly like in China!
It was a good meal, but was the 40 min wait justified? I don't think so. The staff was very polite about the wait and some people stayed, some left, I don't understand the hype other than the pretty interior, I like their plates and silverware, the music was still off.The blade-clams in garlic sauce tasted very fresh but kind of cold, like they were sitting there for a good 5 mins before they were brought to our table. I almost always order fish filet hot sauce boiled, it's so waterly, this had a nice numbing but it wasn't flavored enough and maybe I just had better spicy filet elsewhere. My usual go-to string beans stir-fried with minced meat was pretty good, needed more salt. The appetizers were ok.Despite the not-seasoned-enough dishes I am still thirsty after 3 hours. It wasn't bad but overall not good enough.
First, I saw a hair in free side dish, They gave me another one, but no apologies. Second, A piece of tea leaf stuck on my napkin.Third, The waiter with spiky hair was dishonest and tricking us into leaving more tips. My friend paid my dinner, then left. So i tried to find out if they left tips for table. The waiter stood by counter for a minute, then told me they not able to check, but my friend just left about 10 minutes ago. I was going to leave tips on table, but thought about it, its very weird that they not able to check. so i went to cashier to ask. The cashier showed me that they left $20 for table. OMG.....How can u cheat customer like this, you dont even deserve 1 star, if i can i would give u zero star.......... We will never ever come back.
There is finally an authentic szechuan restaurant in NYC that is comparable to the ones in mainland China (both taste and decoration). If you can eat spicy, I recommend to request original spicy that has not been adjusted for the taste of the general crowd. I don't think there is any better szechuan food in either flushing or Manhattan. The price is reasonable for the taste.. Make reservations if you are coming for dinner, especially during weekends!!!
I like their food, we had the appetizer with the pork laid on top of the rack. The sauce is absolutely amazing , I used it on some of my other food since it tasted so good. We also had the fried shrimp ball, you can order that for the kids, the will enjoy it, it's cute and yummy. It was packed when we went. Definitely will go again.
This is my second review so I've had good experience the first time. One thing I noticed about a lot of reviewers is that that have a sichuan restaurant a lower review because they couldn't handle the heat, I guess thats why they got new menus of spicy dishes to show how much peppers they put in the food, Ha.The decor for this place was pretty decent, so are the dish plates and other table wares, very unique environment.My only complain, the biggestis that the dishes were way too salty tonight as compared to my first time here. We had to send back a veggie dish because all we tasted was just salt, the second time was  we expected it would be, we even metioned to the waiter that our dishes were way too salty, and we requested less salt on the veggie(he's not a very good listener, hopefully that change). We could barely taste what we were eating tonight because the dishes were made so subpar by the overwhelming salty experience. Please use less salt and make sure you try the dishes out before sending it out. I dont have a problem with the spices, just with how we paid money and wasnt able to enjoy our food.
They don't accept reservation under 4people which is doesn't make any sense for me. And they should change that on their page.
Went around 9:30 p.m on a Saturday night, was seated at a small table even though there were larger tables. We quickly requested to be seated at a larger table and they accommodated us, however the wait staff took forever to take our orders and had forgotten to give us our Heineken beers, when we asked about it, he brought us Coronas... -_- No glasses were given for the beers and when we asked for a glass, they gave us warm glasses for the cold beer. The food was mediocre, we had the frog legs with sour pickle soup and stir fried cabbage with soy sauce. Both dishes were pretty spicy.They definitely need to improve on their service, even the manager was just standing in the front and not really paying attention to the guests. I had to literally flag the waiter down every time. Do not come here and pay for overpriced Szechuan cuisine and bad service.
They have the best 辣子鸡丁 on earth. OMG I can't believe Sichuan food could be that authentic before I try out this restaurant. This place is beyond all of the other Sichuan restaurant in the City. We're heading there again for friend's birthday tonight.
I came Tuesday afternoon with a group of friends. Everything was good until we found two unknown items in our food. The first time, the server confirmed it was a part of a dishwashing brush. The server asked if we wanted a new one but we declined because we were pretty full from what we ordered. The server went to the manager for a response but never came back to us. We found the same exact piece few minutes after. I asked for the manager and he said the piece was from a shrimp. The dish we ordered had nothing to do with seafood. So now I question how they prepare the food inside. Do you just randomly throw food into different dishes? So what's going to happen if I have a bad seafood allergy? Probably won't be returning until they improve on their service and cleanness.
definitely one of the best tasting Sichuan place in the neighborhood. Love their chicken feet, it's very crunchy yet well marinated. The fish head is my favor dish there, great portion and super fresh. The only complain I have is their fried pork intestine, little too greasy for my taste and the portion is inconsistent. Place can get busy during weekend, so make reservation ahead of time.
They don't take reservations unless your party is over 5 people. I came with 3 other people and we had to wait approximately 45 minutes for a table and not to mention we went before the dinner rush. Overall, this place is a really modernized restaurant compared to the rest of Flushing. We ordered salted duck egg mixed with corn, some beef stew, string beans, and I forgot the last one. The salted egg with corn is unique, but people definitely hyped it up a little too much. The food is not spicy enough for a Szechuan restaurant so if you're looking for something spicy, but not burn your tongue off then this is the place to go.
Great environment, authentic Szechuan food, nice service. It's a bit expensive, but total worth it.
Horrible unpleasant service. Good food. Employees need to go through intensive training re customer services.
One of my favorite Szechuan places in NYC.  The tables are a little uncomfortable cause there is a crossbar which means I can't sit normally without my knees hitting it and I'm only 6' tall, other than that I can't complain.
It is very nice Szechuan restaurant. Their food is not really spicy like regular Szechuan food. They just got me. If you like spicy food, but you cannot hold too much. Then it is the place to come. Their plates are beautiful. Enjoy the meal.
One of my favorite Sichuan restaurant in NYC. It is authentic. Every time I go to a Sichuan restaurant, I always order shredded pork with garlic sauce. This is a dish that can help me judge whether it is authentic or not. And the restaurant surprised me. The waiters are all very nice.
Fairly new restaurant. Food were okay, portions were just the right size, not too big and not too small. Interior decorations emphasized on bamboo, relaxing. I like how they have elegant looking teacup and teapot. Most of the spicy food gives you a little bit of numbess when you eat them but they aren't too spicy to handle. Services were good and prices were reasobable.
Braised Fish Head w.pickled chili is amazing！Stir fired chicken w.dry red chili is good too. After dinner，they provide free red bean soup. Great customer service～Like the interior desgin very much.
Best Szechuan restaurant in flushing! Truly authenticate! I can tell no different between the taste here and the taste in China. The service here is also very good, and the price is reasonable. Each of us only spent $28 (containing tax+tip) with very delicious good! Highly recommended!
中看不中吃。they try to be fancy in presentation but they really lacked in the taste. Our conch with wasabi was covered with way too much wasabi and each bite was a torture. Likewise our fish soup was overly spicy and lacked other flavors to accompany it. Almost nothing tasted good here.
great environment and nice food ! service is good too !  we walk in at around 6. pm and by 7 pm this place is full-House ! it is not very spicy but very delicious. in terms of price, it's relatively expensive compared to other places in Flushing. but the interior decorations and service totally make it worth the price !
Order the stir fried chicken with dry chili pepper which was good. A little too spicy for my taste but you can ask how spicy you'd like it, depending on your taste. Wish the menu had a few more option. For me it was a bit limited. Really liked the ambience of the restaurant. Had a lot of components of authentic China with a Chinese violin, posters, and design of the seats. Want to try here again but hopefully get something that doesn't burn out my taste buds too quickly. Would recommend!!
First and the most important is bad service. I have to wait like more than 1 hour for available seats. After having my seats finally, I have to wait like forever to be serviced, if I don't ask for a lot of times. After struggling for ordering, I have to wait 20 mins for one course and another 20 mins for another course. And I wait more than 30 mins for my last course. Actually they even don't know I have my last course. They just told me "if you wanna your last course, we need to order it now, and you need to wait for 30 mins".
The wait is long as usually on a typical Friday night. About 40 minutes.  As soon as we were seated, they gave us a 10% card.  The service is absolutely excellent. Every staff is very professional. They pay attention to all details and of your needs.  Food came on a timely manner with superb tastes. Definitely recommend this place. note: try going to this place during off peak to avoid long wait.
Checked out this place with my friends on a Sunday night. Maybe the best Szechuan food I have ever had by far. Service is very good and it only took us about 20 minutes to be seated. (We arrived at 6：15pm without reservation) Price is reasonable considering the food quality. We have five people and the price for dinner is $150, including tax and tips. We had 6 dishes in total
One of the best szechuan places I've been to; and I have been to several here in Flushing. Staff is nice and usually attentive to the customers needs but not overbearing. Some food can be VERY spicy so consider that. For example, I usually like a medium spiciness but can handle a few bites of the hotter items here. A little pricy but not crazy compared to the local restaurants. However I feel it's worth it.
Dishes are relatively small and the prices are relatively expensive but at least they taste good. My party showed up still waiting for a couple of people. They dropped off a pot of tea without any cups and didn't check back until the others arrived, even though we would have gotten an appetizer before hand. The little candle used to keep the tea warm went out early and they never changed the tea leaves so after the initial cup, the tea was just warm water. Food came out relatively fast and they weren't pushy about getting us to leave after we finished. Okay experience but I probably wouldn't choose to come back.
A tad annoying that the Wade-Giles version of Sichuan is used in the name of this restaurant, but I'm sure the owner didn't know. Anyway, this new Sichuan restaurant located in the Grand Hyatt Plaza is absolutely worth a visit. It's on the pricier side, especially for Flushing, but you're paying for the atmosphere and service...and the food is pretty damn good to boot. We split the pork belly on a rack (it does literally come on a wooden swing set. but for meat), eggplant and string bean, mustard green tilapia, and mapo tofu. I would say 2/4 of these were a miss but I could still see the potential and won't fault the restaurant. I'll definitely have a better idea for what I want to order next time around though. The tea sets are fancy. The seating is fancy. And the service is attentive. What else could you ask for?
I give them 5 stars for good service and nice food. My fd was so picky on Szechuan food as he tasted the real traditional Szechuan food in China. Here's the first one Szechuan restaurant he said it taste good. We finished the whole dish of the stir fry chicken. Decoration is very nice! Will come back and very recommended
Absolutely delicious. I quite enjoy Szechuan food though am by no means an expert.  Wonderfully cooked food with bright powerful flavors and a heat that really takes its time to develop so the other food flavors are not overwhelmed. The staff was as attentive as can be expected in a packed restaurant at brunch. They were great about suggesting food pairings. The food came really fast and now, eight hours later, I can't stop thinking about it. I tried to convince my wife to go back to Flushing for dinner there tonight, but it seems a return visit will have to wait another day...
Amazing place to eat! The food is simply amazing. It's the best Chinese food I have had in NYC. It's very authentic Szechuan food. I was surprised by the services here as well. Every waiter/waitress is super nice, responsive, and considerate. The only down side is the long wait. We waited for almost one hour. But the restaurant gave us 10% off as compensation, which was really impressive.
Love this place so much. Haven't eaten any good szchuan food for long time. Its little pricey here but definitely worth the money.
I am a Flushing native that was never able to pick a favorite restaurant because of all the options. I had a top 5 but no clear #1. Now I have it. Love at first bite. Not sure how long it will last but for now it is the most amazing place that I crave for everyday.
This restaurant has really good business, attracting a lot of customers everyday. At dinner time, it's always crowded, with many people waiting. Yes, the decoration of the restaurant is great, and the service is excellent too. But in terms of food, I think it's overrated. For appetizers, we ordered jelly fish with pickle veggie in vinegar and salty pickle duck with pepper, and both disappointed us. Jelly fish is chewy as it is supposed to be, but it's kind of hard to bite, and it's not that flavorful. The duck is also not tasty, and feels too spicy if you swallow a chopped piece of pepper by accident. For main dishes, we ordered fried shrimp ball, fish fillets with pickled mustard green, fried shrimp with salted duck egg yolk, stir fried lobster with dry red pepper, stir fried string beans and fried corn kernels with salted duck egg yolk. To be fair, I should say that fried shrimp ball is terrific, very flavorful with a bit of sweet taste, and fish fillets are great too, with a lot of soup and a big portion size. Stir fried string beans are also pretty decent. But stir fried lobster is a big disappointment, as the lobster is very small without much meat, and the major part of the dish is basically spices. Fried shrimp  and corn kernels with salted duck egg yolk taste a bit too dry and does not have a lot of flavor unless you are a big fan of salted duck yolk. Anyway, this is a pretty decent eatery in Flushing, but is definitely far from top-rated.
Everything is expensive here, compared with other restaurants in flushing. I would definitely go to other Szechuan or Hunan restaurants instead, such as Hunan House where prices are acceptable and taste is more authentic. Anyway, the fish dish is good and if you wanna try. Not recommend the appetizer that everyone orders in the pics. It just looks fancy and taste so so.
There's nothing special about this place, most of the food are pretty plain and the service is poor. We've been waiting for the last course for an hour and they finally told as it was sold out after we try to rush the course.
Highly recommend this place if you like Authentic spicy Sichuan food. The presentation and the food are awesome. Service is great! The price is reasonable. Will definitely go back and try more dishes. I love it! :)
i dont know if i can call it Szechuan food with such a limit menu.the owner is very smart, the new appearance of the food is definitely attractive to these Americans and ABCs who simply and naively believe they know what is chinese spicy food or Szechuan food. as a person who was born in china and have some family in Chengdu, i have to say some new appearance design ruin the taste.  for example, they hangup some sliced pork on the small hanger, i can tell you these hanged dried sliced pork belly is over dried and not good at all!!!when i went there, it was over 90 F outside, and their AC doesnt work very well, the waitress said it was the regular temp of their AC, soooooo i can only understand that they wants to push out the customers who has been sweating sooooo much as fast as possible to get more people in, am i right?
the food is too salted！the men looks like manager is so mean！i just ate 20mins and there is still a lot food in the table，but he just left the check in my table and walk away，even i know there is line in the waiting section，but  i also wait for 30 mins get my table！its not nice like that！never go there anymore！
My girlfriend and I came to this place due to its good reviews. Let me start off by saying none of the waiters here speak any English or the basics of it. I had a very hard time trying to get ice water, I had to ask a Chinese person next to our table to translate ice water. We ordered the spicy chicken ( cold dish ) spicy fish stew and spinach and garlic sauce. This place was by far the worst place I've been to. I would not be returning to this place.
Mapo tofu and doubly cooked pork are OK. The 金针菇酸菜肥牛 is EXCEPTIONAL ! Even in Chengdu / Sichuan it is hard to find a place that does that well in this dish! Highly recommended!
Go to the place with a friend's birthday today, we have never thought their drinks is very expensive, ourselves with, they say "we can drink, but we have to pay corkage.  New York has a regulation: all catering enterprises have no right to interfere with the client whether bring drinks! (Except wine) and for the first time we eat!!!! I don't know. The manager is not only no tolerance! Is to punish our money! The service was really bad! Don't have any show. Really here is spend money on sin! This birthday that very bad! His says it will not go.
It's 100% like mainland China Szechuan food!!! The cold dish taste really good.  Interior design excellent . But need to improve service. I live in flushing. So far it's best Szechuan food resturant in fishing.
food was delicious, and people were so nice . its second times i came here with friends..
I'm so happy my colleagues brought me here for dinner.  Raised in LA spoiled with great food, I have to tell all this place is superb!  A very skilled Chef pays attention to detail and put a lot of thought in preparing his dishes.  My favorite is the large sashimi platter we ordered;  quality is fresh, beautifully and delicately cut in the correct thickness.   Highly recommended!
My friend and I had a good first experience at Robata for lunch on a Saturday. We came here early when it wasn't busy and we were seated right away. First impressions, interior decor was clean, comfortable and modern. Didn't feel like we were in Flushing..lol They had a decent sized menu, with plenty of options, including a lunch menu, but we were both craving sashimi, so we went with the sushi/sashimi combo for 2 for $80, which included a few pieces of sushi, 30 pieces of sashimi and a signature roll of your choice from the menu. We opted for the Fantastic Box signature roll, which had spicy tuna over salmon and tuna filling. The wait for our food wasn't bad..I think we only waited about 15 minutes. In the meantime, they brought over a small plate of edamame with sea salt sprinkled on top, for us to munch on. This was nice, because many sushi restaurants make you pay for the edamame..and they can charge as much as $5-8. I'll give a solid 4 stars for their presentation of the food. Generous slices of sashimi, over a leaf and presented over a bed of shaved ice. And the Fantastic Box was served on a separate plank. Everything tasted pretty good. The fish was of good quality. The signature roll was quite delicious, with a good rice to filling ratio. We really enjoyed the King Salmon and the slices of Toro were probably the highlight of all the fish! Service was pretty good for Flushing. The only complaint I have for their service, is the waiter who brought us our food, didn't do a good job in explaining which types of fish was in the combo. And I didn't think the amount of food we got in the combo, warranted an $80 price tag. Other than that, this was a great first experience here. I do have to point out, that I really like their restroom..LOL The design of the sink is quite interesting. (I didn't have my phone with me, so I couldn't take a pic unfortunately.)
Food: nothing special, it's not real robata, but good deal for lunch special and their fish is fresh and good quality Atmosphere: nice and cleanService: good for flushing area
Food is a 3/5 at best, and price is a 1/5. The uni is bitter and it doesn't really feel that fresh, but it didn't stop them from selling it for $40 a dish. Unagi is good but then again, those cold packaged ones from a decent Asian market are just as good, except they are probably 70% cheaper. Overall this place has not offered anything more than something I can either already get from any grocery market or make myself, and therefore I feel I have been cheated out of my money. I got shilled into this place from a Wechat group that recommends restaurants in the New York area. I will not make the same mistake again next time.Also the waiter never bothered to ask if I want to pack away the leftovers, he kind of just took the away before I could say anything.
The fried rice was good. The robato sushi was okay. If you like crab meat you'll really like it. The spicy angry dragon is good. Baked clams were good. Bacon with scallops you can't go wrong. Robato sushi and sashimi was disappointing. The tuna was not that fresh. The salmon and the white fish was the only fresh fish. The freshness is very important in deciding how well a sushi place is.
Robata takes the place of another Japanese eatery in the same location but is far better than its predecessor.  The menu here is standard Japanese with sushi, cooked items like katsu and teriyaki as well as a few noodle dishes to boot.The quality of the fish here is pretty good, especially if you're used to getting suspect cuts in other Flushing sushi spots.  The lunch specials here are also a really good value as you get a lot for your money and its hard to leave hungry.Service here is also pretty good and is a cut above your usual Flushing service.  The servers are polite, attentive and treat their patrons well.  I'm still not sold that Flushing can ever produce an excellent sushi restaurant but this place is a good start.  Thumbs up.
This is one of the better sushi places in the area. Although it was not the best sushi/sashimi I have tried, it was fresh and if I was nearby and wanted sushi/sashimi I would come here again. The service was great considering that it's in Flushing. The staff was friendly and the waitress was really attentive to refilling our hot teas. My family and I were seated at the sushi bar seats since it was busy one weekend night and the staff there were open to talking to us about dessert options (there are some specials that are not on the menu so don't be afraid to ask). I also tried other foods besides sushi/sashimi. The wagyu beef heated up on top of pebbles was a nice presentation. The desserts are worth leaving space for at the end of the meal as well.
A new sushi addition to Flushing, and I was pleasantly surprised! At around 6PM on a weekday the restaurant was empty, but other diners began to pile in after we were seated. There's a sushi bar that offers Omakase, as well as tables for the regular menu options. We ordered the tuna appetizer as well as another sashimi appetizer to start, plus a dozen oysters; the fish was fresh and nicely seasoned! The oysters were fresh as well, and they were topped with caviar! Judging from the pictures on Yelp, I had to get the sashimi platter, which is said to feed two. It comes with two additional rolls of your choice, but we ordered two additional rolls on top of that, as well as various separate pieces. The fish was all so fresh, and of course the plating was beautiful! As advised, it is pricey, roughly $100 for the sashimi platter. The servers were very attentive and were there in a second with anything we needed. It is a bit more pricey than your average sushi spot, but I would come back regardless. Great addition to the area!
food is mediocre, not so bad but not the best either. The waiter/waitress making us to order expensive drinks and extra food. Not coming back ever again and i told my friend to avoid this place too.
That was great experience. Food was great and service was excellent.  Durian pancake was great. Actually I can't eat durians but this one was totally fine and I ate all of them. I wished I could have two stomachs. Lol. Anyway I recommend it
Very pleasantly surprised at this premium class Japanese sushi restaurant in Flushing. Quality of fish is fresh and texture is mouth watering. We ordered the meat platter and everything on the plate was so thoughtful and experienced so many flavors. It looked like an episode of Netflix's Chef's Table. We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the fish was so fresh, they also gave a large amount. For those who care about service more than food, service here is so attentive.Menu is very thoughtful and they really care about the tasting experience.
I was mildly impressed with this restaurant. I probably came here a few months back and cannot pin point any memorable moments during my one visit. What I do remember was that I came on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty empty, and yet service was still slow. We did get our beers and waters not too soon after ordering but everything else came at a glacial pace. The food here is average; a 3 on a scale out of 5. The sashimi and sushi were dull in color which made me wonder if the fish was not as fresh as it could be. They do serve ramen here which is hearty because of the broth and noodles, but I've had better ramen in the city at a cheaper price. I will probably not return due to my lack luster experience.
Hot and new restaurant in flushing? Japanese cuisine? Highly rated by yelpers? This meant I had to give it a try! I came by on weekday night and was immediately seated. I decided to try the Robata sashimi, which comes with 18 pieces. It was really fresh and nicely plated. As for rolls, we got the dancing eel roll which is an eel wrapped roll with crispy eel on top. I found this to be a very interesting combo and it was pretty tasty as well. I felt it would have been even better if they added crunch inside the roll. The miso cod appetizer was on a skewer with the perfect texture and sweetness. Their fried chicken wings was very flavorful and also had a nice presentation. Being adventurous, I decided to try their sea urchin a la carte. I normally stray away from ordering this unless it is at an authentic Japanese restaurant. Their a la carte items come with a choice of sushi (one piece) or sashimi (two pieces). I opted for the uni sashimi for $9. It usually is a hit or miss at restaurants. Unfortunately, the uni was not fresh at all.The staff were really friendly and service was exceptional. They kept refilling the waters and even plates! Overall my experience here was highly positive. I would rated Robata a 6/5 if not for the uni.
Came up on my yelp as a new restaurant so I had to go give it a try. I've been craving sushi for a few days now so finally got the chance to come give this little place a try. This place is very nice and clean. The service is good and they are attentive. My cup was full my entire meal. Husband and I had ordered the ribeye with bone marrow and they thought we said ribs so the waitress came back to ask if it would be ok if we want to try ribs but we turned it down because we really wanted to try the steak. She was understanding, however it lengthen our time there. So we got steak with one marrow, which was good, the marrow was cooked too burnt on the sides so had that burnt smell to it. But the steak was great, it was cooked medium. We also had the dancing eel roll, that is our third favorite roll in our book of favorite rolls. Lol! The crispness of the eel on top is very different. Other than these two dishes we also got a sashimi and nigiri boat special which was 28, came with 5 nigiri, 12 sashimi and a shrimp tempura rolls. That was all delicious too! Would I come back here again? Honestly no. The sushi is good, but the price points are not in my range. It was a great place to try though so don't hesitate if you're in the area.
The food is good but not amazing. The ambiance is a little tacky- but go figure, Japanese restaurant in FLUSHING, NY. The fish all tasted fresh, but the robata grill items, mainly the meat (ribeye w/ bone marrow) seemed a bit too fatty. Slightly overpriced for Flushing as well. Menu is broad, so you can order so many different items off the menu from sashimi, robata grill, and even fusion-like appetizers like tuna pizza (something like that.)
The food is ok but the price is way too expensive. Three of us ordered food around $230. We went to Michelin one star restaurant for only $65 per person of tasting menu. I don't know why this restaurant charged that much. We ordered oyster (6) for 20 bucks, the oyster is very very tiny.Decorating is good. But will never go back.
Robata is probably the best Japanese restaurant in downtown Flushing area. On a warm Saturday afternoon, I wanted to try something different other than the typical hotpot, spicy noodles, and dumpling restaurants. I open my trusty Yelp app and search for small tapas. Robata appears and this Japanese restaurant is fairly new in downtown Flushing. I decided to check it out.The restaurant is hidden in Prince Tower condominium and located on the first floor next to dolar shop hotpot restaurant. Upon entering, the first thing I noticed is the restaurant has a modern contemporary feel and a bar area for solo diner with big screen TV.I was seated immediately by their friendly staff and presented with a beautiful picture menu on an engraved wooden clipboard. While I was browsing the menu, I noticed second to the last page says "Lunch Special" and immediately in disbelief that their Robata set lunch is only $12. I ordered the Miso Black Cod set lunch which comes with miso soup, seaweed salad, steam egg, onigiri rice, bacon enoki mushroom, and asparagus. I also ordered the Robata sushi.The set lunch and the sushi arrived and the presentation was delicate and alluring. I started the sushi, and I was really impressed with the freshness of the fish especially the bluefin toro tuna. The fatty tuna was the best of all. Secondly, the Robata set lunch also presented on these little charming square wooden boxes. The Miso black cod was well seasoned and perfectly grilled, the bacon enoki mushroom skewers tightly rolled together and both were heavenly. Lastly, the charcoal grilled onigiri creates a slightly crunchy crust, which has a smokey wood flavor and makes the rice taste so much better. The only thing I regret not checking is their dessert menu. Don't judge me.They have a decent selection of Japanese sake, but their wine and beer list is limited. I would like to see more Japanese beer on the menu such as Asahi Black or any Hitachinos.Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch at Robata and I will visit more often especially their lunch set is so affordable for your typical lunch and their upcoming promo. I have found a hidden gem in downtown Flushing and will be coming back for more.
Man, good reviews led us to this restaurant. First impression was good. Nice and clean place with a friendly staff. Prices were good and the menu looked good as well. Unfortunately, I can't be as positive for the food. Sushi was not fresh, at all. I have had sushi in many places, including some well known places in Japan. This place was the worst of them all. Not fresh at all. In fact, 3 of us had stomach issues immediately after. Hopefully, it was a one-time incident.
Best sushi in Flushing my god the fish is so fresh. Thanks executive chef Ming love this place.
Just do not like restaurant cheat us.When they open a Uni, they found the one is not good and fresh. They did not throw it but still put them on the plate. Then they took one piece from refrigerator, not a fresh one and put on top of all uni to cover bad ones. The uni taste was really bad. You can see the color difference from picture. The restaurant was trying to cheat customers and charge $40 of uni.
Disappointed. The waitress recommended Uni to us but It was not fresh at all, it's bitter. We would be glad to pay $40 for something good but I don't think it worth the money. Other dishes were fine but no kimchi in kimchi fried rice though.
Absolutely impeccable !!!! Had the sashimi for two and it was an such an adventure. Service was great, beer and sake was on point and complimented the food perfectly. Definitely coming back with more people text time!
Great location and great environment and friendly service.  This location is near heart of the flushing location. Clean place for good food. We were there for lunch.  There is variety choice on lunch menu.  We had sashimi lunch and set lunch box and appetizers.  All food were yummy and fresh.  I love the set box since it is good size for lunch and variety of food in the box.  Waiters are nice and friendly. This place is great for couples and family party.  We will definitely come back more often.
Sushi was really good. Miso soup was really good. Stir fried udon noodles were really good. Fried rice pot was really good. Overall really good. Don't rely on one meal, some plates are really small. I'd suggest going all in family style to get a bunch of everything to share.
I got take out from there, and so this is not a full reflection of the restaurant. The food was standard, and the delivery was on time. Kudos to the delivery man for braving the cold, cold rain! The food just didn't wow me in anyway, and it was a tad expensive for what we got. Otherwise, it really wasn't bad. I may try going to the restaurant to try more of their menu items and perhaps see what this excellent service other Yelpers speak of is like.
Went for lunch on Father's Day. They have lunch special on Sunday and in my opinion it's a really good deal. It was a good experience overall.Tako Salad: 4/5 The octopus was well flavored but there's only around $5 thin slices and half of the salad was seaweedTuna Lover Roll: 4/5 it's tuna on top with soft shell crab inside if I remember it correctly. Next time I would get this only if there are at least 3 adult it's tasty but after 2-3 pieces you would not want another onePoke Lunch Special: 5/5 We choose Tuna & Salmon with Wasabi Yuzu. This is like the Japanese sashimi rice bowl which you have sushi rice and sashimi on top. It's very fresh and I love the dressing. For $13 this is definitely worth it.Robata Lunch: 5/5 Choose 2 veggie, 1 meat, and you get miso soup, rice ball, and seaweed salad on the side. I choose Miso Black Cod. It was 2 very tiny little pieces of fish only about 5cm diameter. I choose asparagus and bacon onoki mushroom. It's basically 3 bacon pieces wrap around the onoki mushroom. The riceball is grilled to perfection and very yummy. I love everything on this entry. The portion is very small though. I think a grown men would need at least 2 to not feel like starving.Kurobuta Dinner: 4/5 It's basically grilled pork. The portion is so so so small it's about the size of a women's fist. For $21 I don't think it's worth it even though it's pretty tasty.Staff: 5/5 Very friendly and helpful while answering questions and keeps coming to ask whether we need anything.I would definitely come back for their lunch special. Maybe I will try some more of their dinner menu but I think their dinner is overpriced.
This is probably one of the fanciest restaurants in Flushing. If you're looking to impress a date, I'd come here. The prices are similar to that of the city, but there's no wait to be seated. The food is good, but it's nothing out of the extraordinary. I would recommend getting the ribeye with bone marrow if you're looking to experiment. It was juicy and fatty with a butter-like consistency!
Everything is yum. We ordered $120 omakase that each fish piece is so fresh. The grilled meat platter is good amount and tasty.
Ordered 5 bento boxes for our company's lunch today and got one for FREE! Very satisfied and  they tasted sooooo good! This is the first time trying their lunch bento box but already visited them many times for dinner. The dinner menu is even better, def. the best choice for me and friends when craving for Japanese cuisine.
Food was great, staff was exceptionally nice, overall we really enjoyed ourselves.  Would def come back. Note: they hadn't gotten their liquor license yet, so byob... store down the block bought a bottle of saki. : Sweet.
Walked in because one of my friends wanted to eat Japanese food. While we were debating which restaurant to go we wanted to give this place a try. We all had their omakase, was a little bit expensive in flushing but compare to the ones in Manhattan the food was definitely worth the price. The restaurant looked small but it was actually not that small. It was next to dolar hot pot and Congee village. To be honest, non of us were expecting too much but surprisingly, the food was very good. I really liked the wagy, they were so so so good. The wagy was definitely the must have. All of the other dishes were good. This place is great for dates and special occasions.
Was looking for late night snack and ran across this place and lucky for me I hit a gem.This place has the freshest seafood and crazy tender ribeye and bone marrow.And let's not even mention the buttery wagu beef!!So good everything!!
Service was good, the food was not.The seafood platter was very salty, use cheap ingredients, not worth the price. The dancing eel roll was ok, nothing really special. The sear salmon was very bland, I only taste the yellow radish inside. Overall very expensive for what we had. Our bill was $175 for two people. We are not planning to go back to this place again.
Let me start with their level of service: it's top notch. My wife, who is of darker persuasion who have experienced inequitable service in the past, was at the place before I did. The staff at Robata treated her warmly, and continued to do so until we left. She's happy, I'm happy. Food wise, it's of very high quality at a very reasonable price. Their grilled appetizers are top-notch, and their raw stuff are very fresh. Speaking of raw fish, one of the main determinant in terms of how good is a Japanese restaurant is its sashimi. And the sashimi's here are ultra fresh, as one can really tell just by their texture. This place will definitely become our regular. We know we'd get a product that is comparable to high-end Manhattan, without having to pay Manhattan prices.
The foods were okay, however the waiting time was too long. Their sushi suppose to be good, however the rice was too hard. We waited forever for the BBQ foods. And the management of the restaurant wasn't that good, because the orders are such a mess, the waitress didn't even know which order for which table.
Robata offers amazing price and selections for their lunch premium bento. Six sets to choose for only $12.95 from 12-3pm daily. You can taste the freshness of the sashimi and immediately you will know that it's of top quality fish. I think their bento box is so much better and unique when compared to Manhattan. Even the presentation deserves compliments. Their staff is attentive, friendly and service are great. Their restaurant has a cozy ambiance which is great for family parties and office gatherings. I will definitely keep coming back as their dinner menu is equally intriguing and exciting!
So pleasantly surprised to discover this hidden gem in Flushing, of all places!...the very fact they're constantly introducing specials which are pretty unique(foie gras uni toast; Beef tendons Yakitori, etc) and updating their sake selections literally thrills and excite me!!...not to mention their ridiculously super value added Bento boxes during lunchtime...hope they'll attract all the right demographic type of customers like me who's always looking for something new, unique and tasty with not so much regards to price/costs...and stay in business for as long as possible...Good job, Robata!!!
Found this place last minute with my girl. Went to dinner here for her birthday and it was fantastic! Staff was great drinks were amazing and the food was exceptional!! Definately a must go to!!! You will not be disappointed!!!
Great Atmosphere!  Fresh Sushi!  Nice Chef!  Great Services! Reasonable price!   Love this Place.
What an unexpected surprise! Drove down to LGA only to find out my flight was delayed for at least 4 hours - so what do we do? Explore Queens of course - first stop in Flushing. What an awesome neighborhood and this restaurant was tucked so neatly into a corner that we almost missed it! Thanks to all previous Yelpers for taking the time out to review this gem - that's how we found out about it. Had to try some robata and some sushi - I wasn't a fan of the Tamago (Juno in Chicago spoiled me with their homemade soufflé-like egg) but the unagi, Hamachi, sake and the delicious tuna tartare saved the day - wish I had ordered more fish so I could have a fabulous display of food like my fellow diners!Husband had the ribeye with the bone marrow - yes the size of that dish caused a major jaw drop (see pic) - slather it all on a piece of that garlicky toast and you are in heaven! Cannot wait to return and try some more goodies!
This is really excellent food,all sushi and sashimi is really fresh compare with other sushi restaurants in flushing. The kitchen food also have a lot different type! Highly recommended!
The service, menu selection and food quality are all above average and decent.  After trying their omakase & regular table dining, I was pleased, but not impressed.  There isn't one item that would give me the craving to go back again, unfortunately.  Overall, it is still a decent Japanese restaurant in downtown Flushing.
I came here with my family on a Saturday, we ordered a kani salad, dragon roll, sashimi combo, and grilled meat kebab combo. This was a lot of food for 4 people. The service was good, the food was fresh and delicious. Definitely worth the try!
Great restaurant, delicious food and nice presentation.. staffs are very polite.. owner Kenny makes good suggestion on food.
Great new Japanese place in Flushing main st area - I'd say the best I've tried in the area. Super fresh sushi with high attention to detail amongst both the chefs and wait staff. Prices are decent, especially for their lunch specials. Extra points for: (a) presentation - beautifully presented sashimi on a bed of shaved ice (wish I took photos)! (b) super well-trained staff. Great place for a casual hangout or a date spot. It's new, so still relatively quiet and unknown, but I suspect in a few months it'll be a popular sushi destination in the Flushing area. I wanted to try their prime rib (and bone marrow) but they had sold out the night before. Coming back to try that later.As always, the bathroom was very clean, meaning the kitchen is clean too!Overall, thumbs up. Check it out.
This was probably the best sushi meal I've had in a long time.  The service was spectacular, the quality of the food was really good, and the price was extremely reasonable for New York.   We ordered the sushi and sashimi platter for two.  I can certainly eat a ton of sushi and this was plenty for two of us. If you are in the area I highly recommend this place.
I came here yesterday during my lunch break and I tried the black cod Robata grill. Holy cow the black cod is the ****!!! So good that I actually came back to the restaurant after work for dinner to get myself a second helping along with stir fried noodles and other stuff. This place is perfect to go with friends or alone! (I went alone with my mac since I had to do work during lunch and it was still a wonderful experience) Service was exceptionally great and kept me amused and entertained the whole time since I was by myself! (I just moved to NYC two weeks ago and I think I found my go-to spot)
Wow! Everything was taste good and fresh. They had a great food presentation. Atmosphere was awsome too. Price is little higher but its worthy if you looking for good quality of fish. Try it. You won't regret :)
We enjoyed this restaurant overall. The grilled meat platter A was excellent, the lamb and pork belly were my personal favorites. Everything on the platter was good. We also tried many different items, the bone marrow was ok not but as good as other places but the prime ribeye that it came with was amazing. Tuna pizza and Robata crab roll were both very good. Regular rolls selection were limited and ok. Wish I could give it 3.5 stars. Service was great and very attentive so that's why I gave it a higher rating.
Everything we ordered was amazing, the sashimi was super fresh. The service was great as well! One downside is that they are pretty pricey. We ordered a " jumbo oyster" off their special menu, and it was $24, for one oyster.... it tasted great! But just too expensive for flushing standard.
Everything here was about Delicious!The service was impeccable and our server always  made sure to explain each dish in careful detail.The sashimi and sushi is must try. Overall great experience. ..would love to come back!!Highly recommend!
Came here Friday night for dinner. Place looks nice and clean, took us a while to look over the menu and pick what we wanted. The server came up to us every few minutes to ask if we were ready 5 or 6 times while we were still deciding. We got the corn for an appetizer. It was very deliciously seasoned, but seemed like it had been cooked and just left there for 15 minutes. Would've been amazing it if was hot off the grill. 2.5/5We also got the sushi platter and the dancing eel roll. Both were good, I appreciated actually being able to taste the eel. Sushi platter had a variety of fish, chosen by the chef. 4/5 The last thing we got was the rib eye steak with bone marrow. The sauce that it came with was very good. We got the steak medium and it came out medium rare. The meat tasted good though. It came with a little Bowl of rice as well. I've never had bone marrow before and it was interesting to try. 4/5Overall food was good and I would try it once for the price. Probably wouldn't go there again but it's a nice date night spot in flushing.
Went there for dinner with wife. wow what happened to the chef's knife? Yellow tail sashimi all in different shape and sizes. One piece is 3x thinker than the other, one piece is round and and one piece is square! I hope they didn't put some left over together to make me a plate. I mean if this is a sushi buffet i understand but this is somewhat a higher class japanese restaurant. sashimi is all about how chef controls the thinkness of certain fish to achieve the best texture. I did mention to the waitress very nicely, She said "ok"!
Really enjoyed our meal here. Server is very friendly and attentive, food was amazing. Black cod is a must try! Kobe beef sushi was wonderful and omg don't get me started on the bone marrow. This place is definitely on the higher price range but you get what you paid for in my opinion. Not a huge sashimi person so I'm not sure on the scale of freshness, which number this place will land on. My boyfriend said it's great tho so I'll take his words for it. Overall, loved every dish we ordered. Give it a go and see for yourself before it gets too popular lol
Excellent sushi. Good service. Great decor and music. Everything was just right. Would come back.
This is my first time at this restaurant   After just ate at another sushi restaurant next to Hyatt hotel last week, I didn't have any high expectation; honestly, no expectation at all. But to my surprise, the sashimi there were so fresh and the sushi rolls were so tasty.
Best hidden gem in Flushing. The food and the service were excellent. The sashimi quality is fresh. I highly recommend the rib eye. (It comes with a bone marrow). A++ ; will come here again!
The space is a lot smaller than I thought.  The sushi is 3.5 to 4.  The steak and bone marrow is at best 3. And the combo seafood platter is awesome looking but nothing worth the 110 dollars price tag. Considering they gave you very little king crab and skinny snow crab for that price. Service was great but no wet nap is offered however, it is over hyped a little I believe, will give it another try later.
Came here with a party of 5 on a Friday and left full and satisfied. Finally found a place in flushing that serves Japanese style skewers that I don't have to drive to city for. Their sashimi appetizers are very tasty as well, especially their scallop top with toro and caviar. We ordered the robota seafood combo and wanted to order the meat combo as well but good thing we didn't cause the seafood combo was more then enough food for 5 people. The waiters are very attentive, kind and helpful. I will definitely return to try the meat combo next time.
It's a new restaurant in Flushing with nice decor and friendly staff.The sashimi was too cold, not defrosted completely.The "sauce" is tooooo sweet on the bbq items...
I've been here twice. This has to be the freshest sushi available in flushing. Both times, I've gotten the sashimi platter for two. It's plenty of food and we actually struggled to finish it. The second time, they added a certain fish to our meal because it was in season so that was pretty nice of them. They were kind enough to put the fish we couldn't eat on top of a batch of ice to keep it fresh as well. If I am ever in flushing and craving sushi, I'll definitely come back here !
Living in flushing my whole life...so grateful for the asian invasion. This is def a come to sushi  place9
Not many people on a Tuesday night but the sushi and sashimi was righteous. Service was great. The price could've been cheaper but the fish was fresh. I am tongue tied I do not have anything negative to say lol.
Presentation was incredible!  Space for large table is limited. Would recommend for reservation for large parties. The foods were delicious and fresh. We ordered the deluxe meat combo and the sushi and sashimi combo. Price was a bit on the higher end but decent. Would visit again to try the deluxe seafood combo
We order the meat set and the pork belly was amazing! It was tender and juicy. The waiter was really nice. We were being savages and asking for three plates of edamame... he was cool about it though! Food overall was good.
Can I tell you all about Robata in Flushing? In a busy Chinese and Korean-filled community, there's always a hidden gem waiting to be discovered. Robata is one of those places.My coworker is actually the wife of one of the partners, and she took us to lunch here. After just the initial visit, I was hooked. It's hidden in the corner of Prince Street, right upstairs from Congee Village. The restaurant is spacious and clean, so that's a plus. We ordered very reasonably-priced lunch specials all around. I think I got some sort of skewer lunch, and was happy with it. This was the start of me trying to find an excuse to come back for dinner!So last Friday was the night I was finally able to make a second visit. This visit was more memorable since we weren't pressed for a one-hour time limit (working lunch hour). From start to finish, the service was on point. I don't know the name of our server, but he was very attentive, and did ask if we were ready to order every few minutes or so. We decided to go with a side of bacon wrapped scallops and the Skewer Dinner Combination for Two. Honestly, we weren't sure if we would be too full from the dinner combination, but my fiance was intent on having scallops that night. The combination came with lamb skewers, pork belly, chicken wings, beef, bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, two riceballs, a skewer of salted asparagus, and one corn on the cob. I have to tell you, I was so impressed with the presentation and the attention that our server gave while describing our meal to us! Everything on this platter was amazing. They even gave us complimentary yellowtail ragoon!When we realized that we still had a second stomach for dessert, the server brought us the menu and proceeded to describe each dessert to me. As soon as he said, "green tea tiramisu"- we were both sold. We had to have it. It was the most lightest, softest, mousse-like cake with a hint of green tea, and the freshest berries decorating the plate all around. i even got to try a gooseberry. "Everything is edible," he said. You don't have to tell me twice to eat everything off that plate!All in all, everything was amazing and on point. If you're tired of the hustle and bustle of the food courts, and same old Chinese and Korean cuisine, then go to Robata. It's something different that you'll never forget.
I have yet  been to the restaurant, but have ordered their food through FlushingFood.com. I have ordered a handful of times, and I am not commenting on the delivery or the service, just the food itself....and the food is outstanding.Today I ordered the lunch bento box, and for that price, you will get an abundance of food. The food itself is tasty and fresh. I also have had the sushi and sashimi before, and it was very fresh. One can tell by the texture of the sashimi.I will eventually visit the restaurant as I want to try the bone marrow. However, I doubt anyone will show displeasure with the food.You won't regret a trip here.
Best weekend lunch special I had! with only $12.95 you get BBQ sashimi fried squid salad with egg and fruit. Strongly recommended!!!
Got the meat lovers entree as well as the eel roll. I highly recommend the eel roll they sear the top of it so it has a smoky flavor. Go try it!
I went with some friends on Valentine's day and the service was pretty slow. They have one guy (who might be the manager) attending the bar and also attending walk in customers and phone calls. He gave us water and took our drink order. Then he started attending other customers and forgot our drinks. It took another 10 minutes or so before someone else noticed that we were waiting to order. The food was average for sushi. Since this is a combined sushi, oyster, and steak restaurant, there's not a huge selection of sushi rolls. It's a bit pricey for the average tasting food. Probably won't return. Really recommend they hire more people to improve the service.
Excellent attentive service. Amazing fresh sushi and sashimi dishes. Can't go wrong with the specialty rolls or tuna tartar. Nice environment.
thought the food was pretty good and price was FAIR. the quality was pretty awesome too. however, when we were there, the restaurant was REALLY empty and it was almost inexplicable. normally, you see an restaurant that's empty during lunch hours on a weekend, it raises a huge red flag (we didn't leave because we didn't realize how empty it was until we were seated). anyhow, the food was good, prices weren't out of the ordinary for quality japanese food. the fact that it was so empty and it made the dining experience feel slightly weird. the staff was friendly, so that's always a huge plus. i just think this place needs some marketing since the food is good, price is good, staff is good. good luck and hope to try you soon again.ahem: that 3 star is really for the lack of atmosphere
Excellent sushi and grill food. Waiter and staffs were very attentive and accommodating. Sushi was very fresh and amazing as well as the grill Japanese squid. If you are in the area, remember to check this place out.decent japanese food at reasonable price.
This was such a disappointing experience.  Since it was a birthday celebration, we went all out on ordering some of the best things on the menu. We ordered 3 pcs of King salmon, 3 pcs regular salmon and 3 pcs of Otoro. Where was the KING salmon?!  It was so obvious they gave us all regular salmon but charged us the price of king! OTORO was worse!  It was so thin and had a really fishy taste to it!  The BBQ platter was presented very nicely, but the meat was cold and chewy when I bit into it! It didn't taste like it was freshly cooked. I wondered if they just gave us somebody else's canceled order.   The sauce was also too sweet. Sorry guys, we make better BBQ at home!  I will definitely not come back!
This place rocks. Very comfortable, staff (Janice is great server) went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and all of them were so friendly. They have some really great lunch specials. I'll be back again.
This place has great sashimi.  It always tastes fresh and each piece of fish has its own unique taste and texture which shows the high quality of the fish.
Awesome freshness and quality of service. Small portions by its the clear example of how quantity doesn't get along with quality. Worth the trip to get there from LIC
the meat was delicious, sushi was fresh but not so yummy with the ramen. the waiter, timothy was great! he was super friendly and attentive! wine was great but wine is always great. haha i would recommend this restaurant.
Here from Los Angeles and decided to hit some sushi. They are amazing here the welcome, the service,  and the food are awesome. Many times I express my order to not give me avocados because I am allergic, and at least 70% of the time it comes out with avocados. Not here. They made an amazing tuna awesome roll (which was awesome) and the sashimi platter was great for the price (there was one fishy tasting fish but for the $28 price tag, with a generous helping of the other fish it was super worth it. Yum!  Thank you our awesome waitress and waiter for the great meal tonight!  Made our trip to NYC more enjoyable!
Really good place to come if your feeling for some sushi. The ribeye and bone marrow was really delicious. The staffs was really friendly and nice. Will definitely come back again.
We came in as a group of 4 to give this new restaurant a try. I've tried robata at other places before and was hoping for a good place in Flushing.We ordered 2 of the Robata sets and a Sashimi for 2. The food was very good - no complaints about the robata or sashimi. Service was also very attentive and friendly.Good start! I'd recommend give them a try!
Overpriced combo that is not worth to spend a lot money with little food ! Not recommended!
I would highly recommend this new place for dinner . The sushi is fresh and they have excellent non sushi entrees. The lamb chops were delicious. Also try the tuna/salmon tartare dish.The food presentation is top notch and the waitstaff is very attentive and courteous.Definitely give it a try.
I would highly recommend Robata. The food was excellent and we were accommodated the entire time. It was an absolute pleasure.
Come here for their lunch specials, great value pack at affordable 12-13 dollar range per person. Fresh quality and good variety of combinations. Lunch specials are offered 7 days a week! A must go! I rarely write reviews but this is a place I have been to 5+ times and still recommend ppl go!
I was in Flushing last saturday and i was looking for Sushi. I tried this place and i was really happy about it! I was at the bar, i tried the drink with tequila and pineapple, delicious. I also had tuna tartare, tuna pizza and scallops with bacon. Everything was great and the service excellent! I will be back for sure.
Disappointing. The salmon sashimi was pretty good. The wings were subpar. I was really excited for the rolls, but they replaced the seaweed with lettuce. That was a big no no for me.
This place knows how to treat a person great. Between the good food and the great service I got they deserve 6 stars. I had the spicy ramen.
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend and was expecting this place to be packed but was a little surprise that it wasn't as busy. The food was amazing. My friend and I got the bone marrow wangu beef and dancing eel roll to share. They also give edamame as a free appetizer . Overall it was great and very reasonably priced for New York. I would definitely go back.
Grill food, sushimi and sushi was ok, nothing special.  It's on the expensive side considering the quality is not top in the city.  Service was very good though.
definitely recommend this place if you are looking for best seafood place to eat.. they serve the best freshest seafood...
it is the most ridiculous restaurant ever. people got ripped off by the price yet not getting what is derserved. their food is defintley not worth the price.
To be honest, I don't even like salad but the salad they make here was better than I expected. I've been here a few times already and it's now the only place I order from when I'm in the mood for some salad. Most of the salads on the menu are $8-9 before tax, but you can also customize your own salad with whatever they have starting from $7. I like the Avocado Veggie Salad w/ creamy sesame dressing so that's what I usually end up getting. They make the salads to order and it usually takes them around ~10 mins. Keep in mind the wait-time is going to be longer if you want grilled steak on your salad or something. Either way, I recommend calling in the order if you know what you want and don't like waiting. Especially since you'll likely just be standing around since the Mall/building removed all the benches they had there a while ago for whatever reason.
I yelped for a salad place in Flushing (which barely exists) and this place came up! I've been coming here for a couple of weeks consecutively. I'm scared of trying new places and seems odd to finally have a salad place in FLUSHING but I tried it anyways.Verdict? I love this place! Their salads and hot herbal jelly have been my go to orders here and no regrets. Lately it has been a long wait but I don't mind knowing they are making everything freshly on the spot. The workers are also always working swiftly and nonstop so I have respect for that. I usually call ahead of time to order so I give them some time to make it and by the time I get there, I can pick up or wait awhile until it is done. I usually don't like to wait because I am always on-the-go but if I want quality, nicely presented salads, I go here. The workers are also really nice and care about your orders. Love the fact they have kale (big fan)So thank goodness for finally having a great salad place in Flushing! (It's about time!)
I was looking for a salad spot and Leaf Garden always popped up on yelp. I decided to give it a try. They have tons of options to choose from. I decided to "make your own salad". I ordered organic spring mix, cherry tomato, red onion, carrots, cucumbers and cage free chicken. I wanted to try a different type of dressing since I feel like I always chose the same old Italian, or oil & vinegar. So my choice of dressing was lemon parsley w/olive oil. I also added avocado too for additional charge. Since salads already come with the avocado but since I chose "make your own salad" the avocado was an additional charge. The salad was very good. It was good decent portion. Overall it was delicious but the only thing that bothered me was that they forgot to add the avocados. I paid extra for the avocado and once I got home there was no avocado to be found. (I should of checked before leaving)
If I want a freshly made green juice I get it here.  It's $5 for a medium which is cheaper than Manhattan.  Very nice selection of veg and/or fruit juices.  Healthy, delicious, and refreshing.  I'll try their salads in the future which other reviewers like.  The counter people are nice.
I'm a big fan of their herbal jelly dessert! It's so good!!! I usually get sago, mochi, and sweet potatoes as my toppings. The herbal jelly works so well with condense milk and when you mix all the toppings together it's even better! Their mochi isn't hard or too chewy, sometimes I add two orders of it hehhehe.Food does take longer for them to make since they operate in a small kiosk. I would call to order ahead if your time sensitive.They also serve a bunch of salads and fresh juices! I've ordered the mean green drink, personally I'm not a fan. I've had plenty of green juices that had a variety of robust fiber dense vegetables but it still had a great taste. Theirs was for sure healthy but not very tasty. From seeing yelp pics, I really want to try some of their salads next time I come!
Got the customized Salmon salad and Jamaica Sunshine smoothie the second time and it did not disappoint! Jamaica Sunshine has orange, papaya and carrot. I actually got confused and thought this would be juice but it came as a smoothie. Fine with me cause it was still so delicious! No sugar added. The lady was so kind to give me the leftovers from the blender too. And it was only $5! Salmon salad was good but wasn't anything I can't make. I love that the salmon was baked in their mini oven and comes hot on top of your salad. My only complaint is that they didn't give me a good piece of salmon and I kind of noticed they didn't for someone else too. It was still delicious. Also they don't chop their salads which makes it difficult for me to eat without making a mess. Really good lunch after my workout. I can't wait to come back again but I would probably skip the salads next time.
100% fresh ingredients chopped and diced right in front of you. Salad ranges about $10 after tax which is a little pricy for this particular location considering the fact that it is competing with city prices. Juices are $5 which is very reasonable and the sizing is generous. They also have the iconic Taiwanese grass jelly herbal dessert made with taro/sweet potato glutinous balls and other traditional sides such as red bean and tapioca. Again, everything is super fresh and the employees here are lovely. P.s There are no seating in doors but you can find a bench or two where you can sit close by and munch on!
Came here today & got the " Jamaica sunshine " juice, I couldn't believe there was no added sugar in it, it's delicious! I most definitely recommend this place to anyone who's in flushing looking for freshly squeezed juices & a great variety of themalso :) will definitely try one of their salads my next time around!
Got me a healthy lunch today to make sure I shit all the bad stuff out, ya know? Thoughts: I ordered the Healthy Hearty Chicken Salad w/ balsamic vinaigrette for $8 + tax. It was fresh and tasted delish  But dayum, eating healthy is expensive
My visit to Leaf Garden was solid: every aspect of my time there was awesome except for the portion sizes that this business isn't generous with, unfortunately. Since I'm a vegetarian, I felt glad that this spot offered those options like the shrimp and avocado wrap ($5). I also ordered a hot Earl Grey tea to soothe my sore throat, and the server was willing to put cold water in it to make the drink warm (props to her). The portion size of the wrap was disappointing, since I finished it in three bites. On the menu, this is listed as an entree but it's more of an appetizer. Since Leaf Garden is situated inside a mall, there isn't seating available specific to LG customers, but there are benches throughout the building that you can sit at. Leaf Garden is one of those one hit wonder types of places for me: I enjoyed experiencing its food during my first time there, but I don't plan on going back.
Surprisingly good! I ordered the shrimp salad and hot herb jelly (with tapioca, sago, red beans) to go. Flavor profile, freshness, everything was on point. I really liked the house sauce that came with it, actually it was the highlight of the salad.But the reason why a star is taken off is because of the portion. I usually never finish my meals, but for this, I finished everything and still felt hungry. The portion itself is enough for a light meal but not a real entree. I also originally wanted to order the bowl (it was on the menu) but they said they didn't serve that because they don't have anything with rice. Then I opted for the steak salad but they said they also don't have steak at the moment. So I ended up with a shrimp salad which wasn't my first choice at all. And I'm also a big bubble tea fan because I love tapioca, but the tapioca on the herb jelly was not good. It was edible but not what I would call good tapioca. It had no flavor, it clumped together, and stuck to your teeth. I'd advise to opt for another topping.
It's rare to find a salad place in Flushing. I came here for the hot herbal jelly dessert. I added sweet potatoes, mochi and red bean. It came with a side of condensed milk. There is ice beneath the herbal jelly. It's a very good dessert for the summer. It is a bit small for $6... looks big but the container doesn't hold much. We also ordered a watermelon slush, which tasted more like watermelon juice. The ladies that work there were very kind ~
Pleasantly surprised. The salad was fresh and absolutely delicious. We both had the cage free chicken and avocado with Creamy Sesame dressing. We also tried the avocado toast, a fresh juice and the herbal jelly. The herbal jelly was first for me and I loved it. Everything was a super win! Can't wait to try the rest of their salads!
PROS: 1. Their menu is very health-conscious yet delicious, which can be difficult to find in the Main St Flushing area. Their servings were also bigger than I expected. 2. There's a lot of variety! They have different salads, smoothies, poke bowls, and even dessert. All are delicious, and reasonably priced!CONS:1. The food takes FOREVER. I came here twice, and each time was a 15 to 20-minute wait. It does depend on what you order. I got a salad with pasta, and I saw them boil the pasta fresh after I ordered. Horrible if you're on a tight schedule. 2. There's no designated seating area to eat the food, so you will probably have to take it to-go.
I ordered the sweet green and it was fresh and delicious! It's a kiosk inside the mall but right near the entrance if you want to grab a quick juice. The lady was friendly and quick and served me right away. There was no line but I was waiting for a meeting to start so hung by the benches. Few people during this time popped in and out grabbing juices. Place looked clean and would def go there again if I'm by that area in flushing.
The salad was $8. They don't have seats but the salad was better than Prince tea house's salad. The herbal jelly dessert was $6 for shaved ice and $5 for hot jelly. It comes with 3 toppings of your choice
I've only tried their juices which are great and well worth the price. The food seems a little expensive but for a good salad,  it's worth it. There aren't a lot of healthy food options available in the area either. Fruit and veggies always look fresh.
Finally got to grab food here tonight. Good thing a Yelper had mentioned in her post the place is located inside Arcadia Mall. Thanks girl! The building #s on this block is almost impossible to spot. But then again it could be that I wasn't wearing my glasses. Anyways fellow Yelpers, if u don't wanna look like a tourist scanning each building for this place, the mall is right next to Bank of China at the corner of Main St & Franklin Ave. This place is a hidden gem! Lady at the counter is super nice, she speaks English, Cantonese & Mandarin. The food is made w fresh ingredients & prepared right before ur eyes. No shady behind some high counter I don't know if u dropped my food on the floor kind of nonsense. Ordered the BLT Chopped Salad, Grilled Wild Salmon Salad, BLT Panini, Shrimp Wrap & a Mean Green Juice. The salmon was cooked perfectly! Everything was delicious, crisp, clean & oh so healthy. I feel like I should balance this meal out by gnawing on a slab of pork belly.I wish they do well & open a 2nd location in Brooklyn. Service: 100%Food: 100%Price: 100% affordableCounter Lady's Grandson: 100% cute
Located in Arcadia Mall a few blocks down on Main St., Leaf Garden is an oasis amid the local Chinese and Middle Eastern joints. The impeccably clean and open layout was a pleasant surprise. I ordered a $6 chicken panini with cage free (!) chicken, egg, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and honey mustard. While not an out-of-this world sandwich, I thought it represented Leaf Garden well - simple, healthy, and unpretentious. Everything on the menu was very reasonably priced and I will be back to try one of their fresh smoothies. Let's give them our support! I'd hate for such a rare gem to close down due to lack of business.
I could eat here everyday if i can~Just wish they had open at a place with seating :(
I love this place! I've been looking for a place like this. It's perfect for people who is trying watch their weight. So healthy and fresh. I love all the options that I could choose for my salad. It's a plus they sell freshly squeeze juices.
We bought the shaved ice with 3 toppings, but we had to wait for more than 15mins.  Most importantly, the shaved ice was melted and became watery!  Very little toppings in it.  I felt like I was drinking water!  The funny thing is, when we pointed it out, the owner (i think she is) said it tastes better watery.  What??  Don't bullshit me like that.
This place is literally the best place for high quality and organic food in the neighborhood. I'm in love with their veggie juice. They use the same organic kale/spinach that I used to buy from Whole Foods. How do I know? They open the bag right in front of me. I support this place and I support health clean high quality food. Because you are what you eat!!!
I hangout in flushing alot especially when I'm running errands. I stop in for a juice it was nice to get a fresh squeeze juice. I would definitely reccomend this place to anyone in the area its on main street
Fresh squeezed juices at a great price. Good sandwiches and wraps as well. There are some bench seating in the mall.
I love this place, sandwiches and salads and smoothies are all freshly made after u order and food taste good! Staff is friendly! Definitely will be coming often! This is my kind of food! I ordered the BLT panini and milk tea, the sandwich was very delicious the bread was crispy, bacon was fried right in front of me and the tea was big for $2.50 and taste better than the bakery next door!
So happy there's finally somewhere you can get healthy salads from in Flushing!!  Love their hearty chicken salad.  There's so many different ingredients in it and it's made fresh to order.  Their chicken wing+leg combo is pretty good as well.  Just make sure you have time to wait as it takes a while to cook in their mini toaster oven.
Great everything! Fresh organic ingredients. Kind helpful attentive ownership. Perfect for a quick salad or smoothie. Great job
My first time ordering the salad and I'm so not satisfy with it. They didn't provide any dressing although I selected which dressing I wanted. So basically I ate a plain tasteless salad for $10..
Definitely five stars! One of the few healthy and tasty choices in Flushing. Love their wraps.
This is what Flushing has needed for a longggg time.  There are many delicious chinese, korean and fast food options in Flushing but not many healthy options.  I know that many people who work or live around this area go to subway, or G and G deli for some healthy choices but find that those places are very limited.  Leaf Garden serves fresh food at a good price and they deliver!!!!  This is my new "go to" for lunch.
The food is delicious and hearty and they have a cute seating area not to mention the staffs are very nice, very hospitable. Very happy with this place.
Healthy and delicious food which also has a small private sitting area. The staff is very friendly and helpful, they offer very good customer service. This is a good  place for healthy eats in Flushing, which is rare.
Went there and ordered a watermelon ice and it was delicious.  For $2.00, they used all watermelon with no added sugar.  It was really fresh.  Can't beat it.  The salads and paninis look great too!  The place looks very fresh and is in middle of the Arcadia mall.  The mall has a number of big name Chinese restaurants recognized in the New York Times such as the Dumpling Galaxy, Niu Pot and coming soon, Cin Chinese.  Leaf Garden's healthy choices are perfect alternatives to the establishments in the Arcadia Mall.
First time eating Korean BBQ so can't compare. Susan, the owner was so helpful in guiding us through menu. Everything was was tasty. They put so many sides on the table to accompany your meal. Delicious!  They didn't rush us. Reasonable prices. Give it a try.
I came here on a Saturday night with my wife to enjoy some real Korean bbq. The staff was pretty awesome. Seated us right away and gave us the menu. They made some recommendations and we placed our order. Food came out pretty quick and they explained how everything is done at their restaurant. We enjoyed are dinner and look forward to coming back.
New, fresh, friendly and filling!  Tucked into the main thoroughfare of Korean eateries in this Korean village called Murray Hill (replete with a train station and a triangle park), Solbaat is just the right size for a leisurely dinner and some chatting with the hostess who was very welcoming. The table array of small dishes was perfect- and included many gems they would replace happily when asked for. Then, just before we left, the owner plied us with summer cold noodles just to show off another of their best dishes.  What a treat- we'll be back!
Tucked in the side street- 149th Pl and Roosevelt. The staff is very helpful and kind- non of those irritable expressions when we asked them about their menu . The quality is excellent and the service is attentive and focused. Price is reasonable - will definitely be back.
Great spot for pork belly and drinks! It's probably more fun with a larger group, but we were just a table of 2 people and had a great time. Service was awesome and the prices were really good. We spent about $60, including tip and tax, for 2 orders of pork belly, a bottle of soju, and a dish of rice cakes&dumplings. We arrived around 7PM on a Friday night, but we were the first people to arrive, it seemed. This place is definitely more of a late night establishment but it was great going at 7, regardless. I would definitely be back.
Korean BBQ and the bumping EDM made me to Eat-Dance entire night. And why not? Eating and clubbing are both excellent pastimes. Actually the food is quite good here and the customer service was excellent. Very pleasant and attentive staff. We had the grand opening special 2 orders of pork ribs +large clams for $45ish. The pork ribs were marinaded well (not too salty) and the large clams were fresh and juicy. Everything grilled by an attendant, per usual. All tables comes with grilled corn on the side, steamed egg and a bowl of seasoned shredded scallions that pairs with the grilled meat. The seafood pancake had a  large meat dough ratio. But my favorite was the spicy chicken feet. The skin fell right off the bone they were so tender and the sauce was addictive. Chairs opened to reveal a cubby, no more stinky smell after K-BBQ, ventilating hung directly above the grill. If you check in and give a review on Yelp, free beer! It's open to 6am! Perfect for post clubbing munchies.
My two friends and I were enticed by their $9.99 pork deal so we decided to give this place a try. We went a little after they opened so we were the second table there.  So with their pork belly deal it is $9.99 per order (but you NEED to order TWO for the deal). An order came with 2 slices of pork belly which is ok for $10 but looking at the menu, the actual price was $19.99. In addition to the pork belly we got the beef galbi ($29.99). The servers cook everything and cut the pieces for you so all you gotta do is eat. I never complain about this, but their chopsticks were kinda weird. Like they were super bulky and hard to use. It's not just me, even my friends who were raised on chopsticks said they were hard to use...ANYWAYS. pork belly, was not bad. Beef galbi was really really good. Perfect texture. I preferred it over the pork belly. BUTBUTBUT the serving size was SO small. There was literally only 15 small cube pieces. I counted. For $30. The thing was. I expected to be overstuffed with 2 orders of pork belly and 1 order of galbi. To be honest, that only make me even more hungry. So we decided to order Tteokbokki and fried Mandoo ($11.99) with cheese (extra $). It came out looking like budae jigae. Not sure if they heard/understood us complaining but this could feed like 4 hungry people. The Mandoo was deliciously crispy and the filling was amazing. The Tteok however was too soft and like had no chew to it. There were also some fish cakes and after scooping it out to take it to go, we discovered some clear, flat noodles that was super chewy! Long story short, good food, but very pricey for small amount of meat. Considering the amount of other kbbq places in the area, I'd rather go elsewhere. I left feeling full from the order of tteokbokki/Mandoo not the meat....
New Korean BBQ spot near Northern Blvd right next to the Murray Hill LIRR station! My friends and I came to check this place out earlier tonight. They currently have a special price on galbi for $19.99/order this week and will have pork belly next week for $9.99/order. Since we wanted to take advantage of the special, we decided to get two orders of the galbi (Note: There is a two order minimum on the grill). The galbi is unique here in that it is served as cubes and therefore does not have any bones. We also ordered the budae jigae. The budae consisted of ham, kimchi, pork belly, tofu, ramen, enoki mushrooms, watercress, and cheese. I really enjoyed the dish although I did wish it had more tofu and perhaps some dukbokki (but no biggie). Complimentary side dishes brought out included steamed egg and a corn dish.The place consists mainly of small circular tables which seat 3-4 people along with one or two larger rectangular tables towards the back. It's definitely a place to go to with a smaller group of friends. It has a cozy/fun ambiance with lots of cute bottles lining the walls as decor.Def would come back to try more of their menu!
A little pricy but the food is quality. The marinated beef is hands down the best Galbi we've had. Why? Its not sliced beef. It's cut cubed beef nicely marinated and extremely tender. We got the special order for $59 and chose the large clams. The clams were good sizes and fresh. The corn and egg were free.The service is top notch. They were attentive and constantly cleaning up. My only disappointment was they don't offer more Chan / side dishes like most Korean BBQ places. No rice. No green leaves. No additional sauces. BUT they had cold ice water!
I saw this place on Yelp thought it would be good. I've been craving Korean food for a long while, especially for budae jigae. Came here with my bf on a Saturday night.  We ordered the seafood BBQ and an order of thick cut pork belly. Then 5 minutes later the waiter came to tell us that there was a minimum requirement of two items from the BBQ meat section, which meant we cannot just order one order of pork belly.  Since it was impossible for two of us to finish that much food, we decided to just order the seafood BBQ and a bowl of budae jigae. I totally understand that every restaurant is allowed to have their own rules regarding these minimum requirements, but at this point we already ordered a $34 seafood Bbq plus it was not busy at all. The waiter could not give us an explanation when we asked him what was the difference.  Jump into the food part, first off, they DID NOT offer any complimentary corn. I was looking forward to having those since they looked so good on Yelp. Super disappointed! The seafood platter was bland and tasteless, like dude, I could've done this at home. Why did I spent $35 bucks when I could've bought the same things at BJ's or whatever. Plus, they only offered with two sauces that were both spicy. For the budae Jigae, it was not fulfilling at all. It tasted like kimchi and whatever. The service was below average. We had to ask the waiter to continue grilling our food as he kept trying to tell us it was ready when it was clearly undercooked. And tbh, he looked a little impatient as we kept telling him that the food wasnt cooked.I'm writing this review across the street at Mapo because 149 Pocha was very unfulfilling. It was a SUPER disappointing experience, bad food, unknowledgeable staff. I will not come back again.
I lost my credit card. Then I check the credit card statement, the last payment I have made was in here on Christmas Day. I immediately called the restaurant, that have it!!!!! Thanks god! And thanks the waiter find my card. Today is New Year's Eve. I come back again to pick my card. Lucky me. And thanks a lot!!
Just finished dinner today. It was pretty empty but it was Easter Sunday dinner so that was very understandable. Between the two of us we had 2 servings of thick pork belly (samgyupsal) and one bottle of soju. The bill came out to be $32-33 (!!!) as they're doing a special at the moment (9.99 per serving of pork belly).Food - great. The sides: spicy scallion salads, corn cheese, egg jjim. Pork belly is grilled with garlic, onion, and kimchi. Service - impeccable. The servers grilled for us, adjusted the fire at the perfect time, and were very attentive. The two servers working at the time were very extremely nice; they weren't intrusive by any means, and very polite in everything they did and said.Ambience - legitimate pocha-style place. Circular metal bbq tables and stools (stool tops open so you can store your belongings inside). Soju and beer bottles line the ledge on the walls. Very clean restroom (albeit only one). The tables are adequately far apart.Overall - definitely coming back again to have their shellfish bbq/grill, casseroles, tangs.
Had Korean BBQ at Solbaat last night. Had pork neck meat and pork belly BBQ, table consensus voted for pork belly: chewy fat laden explosion of porky goodness...Their ban Chan spread was large, but more geared for adults. They served steamed eggs, which was requested again and they were happy to provide.Specials on the noodle was nice but wasn't something we'd do again. Between the water noodle and spicy mixed noodle go with the spicy noodle.Lastly we ordered their kimchee jigae, which is a good litmus test. Holy moly, it was good. Spicy sour deep with generous helpings of pork meat.Had a nice conversation with the owners, couple from Long Island. Who were passionate about their restaurant and food. Passionate enough to open a Korean BBQ place next to so many others.Had two pork neck one pork belly two noodles (one water, one spicy mix) kimchee jigae one soju; hair over 100..not too bad.Net net, would go back again. Order the pork belly and kimchee stew. Service was good, after we got their attention....sometime you need to be a bit pushy to get what you need.
Great service. Great food. It was my first time here and it was a great experience.The makchang is sooo good.
As I was coming back from some place on Northern boulevard and walking past the rail road one night I noticed some loud music and a group of people outside of an establishment.  Now mind you this was well after midnight and a lot of places are usually closed except bars and in this case Korean barbecue spots.  I took a mental note as I had other plans that particular night.  Sometime later I found myself back in the Flushing area after a long day and felt like having some barbecue but had not decided where. I was headed toward Northern boulevard and again passed the railroad. It was very lively by that area and I remembered there was a place that had piqued my interest from the other night. My visit to 149 Pocha was very unplanned and I was considering some of the other places nearby as they were open late as well. Even though it was unplanned I am glad I decided to walk in.  It is a very quaint Korean barbecue establishment but can accommodate some large parties.  I was greeted by a server and a polite lady at the door and was seated right away.  The menu offerings have a nice offering of barbecue, seafood, stews and some specials.  I ordered initially grilled marinated beef and some thinly sliced pork belly.  For some reason they did not fire up the table grill and cooked everything in the kitchen. That was fine with me and everything came out cooked very well.  The very nice hostess Jean (not sure if this is the correct spelling)  recommended some soup to go with my meal and I was actually still hungry. The servers were very hardworking,  formal and polite.  They brought each dish out in a timely manner and made sure I had enough rice.  Since I was still hungry Jean assisted me picking out a third dish.  I wanted something along the lines of seafood but not a large dish.  She recommended I take advantage of a marinated beef special that comes with spicy octopus.   It was a solid recommendation as it was a dish I had not tried before.  Overall it was a very good first experience and special shout out to the lovely hostess Ms Jean who seems to know all the late night customers.  Usually when I eat solo servers are a bit standoffish with me and leave me alone. In this particular instance though Ms Jean took it upon herself to check up on me and make sure I was doing all right. It was a pleasant surprise to be treated so kindly even though it was my first time eating at that establishment. This is a spot that people would enjoy with their family, group of friends or if you wanted to dine alone. This is a lively spot that caters to those who enjoy eating and drinking late. There seemed to be a decent amount of food traffic that I noticed since I was seated facing the door.  Takeaways - hard working, polite staff, very late hours during the week (6am closing), good selection of Korean traditional dishes and barbecue, good for drinking and grilling meat with friends family or on your own,  the establishment can accommodate large parties but is not as large as other places and there is usual some lively music playing on the television.
Good service! The hostess was friendly and so were the waiters! They were super accommodating too! Spot is pretty chill. Music was good - they played an ultra music festival video!We came here on a weekday around 8pm. There were plenty of seats but it definitely started filling up around 9:30-10. Food and prices are good! An order of the pork belly has a 2 order min., but it's definitely worth it. Our favorite dish of the night. There's a free bottle of soju with a review - definitely an incentive.
Good service, good tasting food - especially the pork belly. It's more of a bar scene so they don't have the extra dishes or lettuce to wrap the meats but the meat was very tender.
There is plenty of competition around this neighborhood so it's very very surprising that more of these BBQ restaurants open. Honestly there was nothing memorable about my experiences here besides the service. The portions were extremely small and expensive (for the size) and it came with such little bonchon. The mayo corn dish was finished after 5 scoops in comparison to the huge amount they give at Mapo. From what I remember it was $19 for an order of pork belly (they don't grill it like samgyeopsal where it came with grilled kimchi/bean sprouts) and $27.99 for the galbi. They currently have a special for the galbi for $59 you get 2 orders and an order of grilled octopus. Though I don't eat octopus my friends said it seemed undercooked to them. All in all there are plenty of other options in this neighborhood. I don't think I'll be coming back.
My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to eat when we came across this place on yelp. We saw the deal where the pork was $9.99! We came around 5:30PM (they open at 5PM). so it was pretty empty. But more people started to come in around 6PM There's also an offer where if you give them a rating on Yelp/Facebook you can get a free bottle of soju (non-flavored). I got the chum churum which is said to be the lightest according to the hostess. They give corn on the side in a wooden/metal bowl and steamed egg. We got two orders of pork belly and two bowls of rice, the pork belly was very flavorful. They also put kimchi on the grill which was also very good.They said they'll be having different promotions every month. Overall the food was good, as well as the service. It was a great deal and I will definitely come back!
We ordered a ton of food plus we were given a bunch of free dishes/sides. The quality of the meat was good. The seafood udon stir fry was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It was a little pricy for the portion size. Service was great!
My favorite to-go place for some korean drinking foods and soju. The place/ambiance is cozy and relaxed. Good for small groups when craving for late night eats. Service is friendly and welcoming. My favorites from here are the stir fry pork belly with kimchee, spicy cod fish soup and the seafood pot!
Small Korean BBQ restaurant, good environment, tasty beef, good quality pork belly and good selection of beers...Great place to hangout with friends, nothing fancy but something about it makes me want to go back.  Maybe because of the great host.... =)   Great place to go with small group of friends that will enjoy good quality meats and seafood... Will definitely go back.  Give it a shoT !!!!!
Came in knowing we wouldn't understand the menu and were guided thru a meal of delicious proportions. High quality beef brisket. Flavorful spoces. Served digestive tea at the beginning and yogurt at the finish. Worth driving to Flushing for.
Go to this place! There is nothing it cannot do well, from the ambiance to service to most importantly, the food. Staff treat you well, all items on the menu are savory and so satisfying! As a patron of many Korean houses in the area, let me tell you this place makes me wish I had never been to those other places in the past. I recommend specifically the casseroles, as they can feed an army (hence the name, i think). Anyhow just go there
We ordered the seafood, beef, and eel BBQ for 4ppl. I love the seafood since it's fresh and juicy. And the eel and Beef are not bad. They gave us 10% discount by paying cash. The price is reasonable (~$35+tax+tips for each ppl). Highly recommended!
There are so many Korean bbq places in the area and ive been to almost all of them 4-5x over in my time living blocks away from the murray hill lirr. I had high expectations for this place because of the 4.5 star reviews on yelp but I was disappointed in many aspects of my dinner here. Service: the waitress only showed up to our table twice the entire time we were there and it was pretty empty inside the restaurant too so it wasn't like she was busy tending to other tables besides ours. I couldnt get more water for about an hour and the other staff was either taking a smoke break or talking with each other. I was actually going to order more food but the fact that I was waiting for the waitress to check up on us for such a long time made me lose my appetite. Food: there was barely anything served as side dishes with our order and the grilled corn was finished in 5 spoonfuls. It left alot to be desired when the pork belly we ordered as the grand opening special finally came out. I found that while the pork belly was cooking, the hot oil kept splashing onto my hands and face while i was trying to eat the rice cake... NOT pleasant whatsoever having hot oil burn your face as the pork belly kept cooking on a large flame. I cant speak on anything else there because i never got the opportunity to order it. I left hungry and unsatisfied with my dinner and it was a bummer because I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I'll try it again, if the wait is too long at Mapo or even ham ji bach - which are all located within a block distance from here.
Came here with three other friends around 8:30pm on a weeknight. The place is not that big but they weren't busy so we were seated right away. We got two orders of the $9.99 pork belly special (min 2 orders per table). Each order comes with two strips of pork belly. The servers are really nice and helpful and of course they grill the meat for you. I just wish they gave us lettuce to wrap the meat in instead of only giving us this plate of seasoned scallion strips sorta thing. We were provided with free side dishes including kimchi, corn and steamed egg. They even brought us a second plate of corn when we finished our first. Another dish we ordered was the Tteok-bokki with fried mandu-$11.99. There were 4 fried dumplings in the dish, which were very good but the tteok-bokki itself wasn't as chewy as the ones I've had at other places; slightly mushy tbh. They also have a deal where if you review them on yelp you can get a free bottle of soju but it's just regular soju, not flavored. Overall, I think it's a decent place to drink with friends and get some KBBQ or other Korean food! For the four of us the bill came out to be $10 a person including tax and tip. We weren't super full though so I would say the portions are just okay, not extremely filling. Then again for the amount we paid, it was reasonable.
I have been craving korean bbq for the longest and came across this yummy restaurant! thank god! this will be my new hotspot for korean bbq bc it's sooo good. Unlimited side dishes and the soup were delicious. The bbq was really delicious. All the workers are friendly! & im excited to come back with my other friends!
The waiter and waitress were great. Very friendly. My friend and I got an order of gobchang (intestines) and an order of pork belly. They have a two order minimum but you can mix the meat choices. The gobchang was nice and crispy and cooked separately before being brought out. The pork belly was delicious but you can't go wrong with pork belly... they had a nice onion salad that you ate with everything. The mussel soup they gave for free was sooooo bland. Didn't enjoy that at all. My friend was still hungry so we got an order of the tofu spicy pork dish. Omg what a mistake... that was horrible... i felt bad for the table near us that wanted to order it because they saw it on our table... wanted to warn them... Goo gong tan is a few doors down... they have amazing complimentary dishes they give and their food is so much tastier... not sure i can go back to saw maeul...
Awesome place!!!! Open til 6am. Good for drinks and korean bbq. Must try marinated pork spareribs. Plus when you order their special promotion entree, you get either free Nakji Bokkeum or Big Clams.Service is very friendly. They greet customers at the doors. Also, very attentive lady host, she recommends specials and drinks throughout service.
Such a dope Korean BBQ restaurant. Authentic to the Pocha style of Korean BBQ. We got two orders of pork belly for two. Great side dishes. Great drinks and great atmosphere. Highly recommend for smaller groups. Service is awesome. Enjoy!
Excellent place... They have gelbi on special for $19.99.. the portions are big, comes with a lot of side dishes too
So what makes a great "pocha"? Great food & soju!!! The new owners Kevin and Jean(siblings I am told) have done a great job turning this place into one of the best pocha places around. Totally revamped menus with a new talented chef on board. All BBQs are on point, and the portion is generous. You gotta try the assorted pancake (Modeum Jeon). So delicious!!!Friendly staffs & Great music. The crowd is mostly 20s to 30s. A must try if you are in the area. It's located right next to LIRR Murray Hill station, so making a trip from NYC is also convenient.
The galbi was awesome, must drink  apple soju with it.  The host, Jean is awesome and personable.  Must try place!
i had an amazing night- maybe too much fun  lol my friends been telling me about this new grand opening place they been hanging out and of course i had to check it out for myself & loved it!!! my break downs~1. great vibes and awesome music. 2. all the employees are soo friendly, quick, and welcoming. almost made me feel like they were my friends haha3. the food wowed me. it was so delicious!!! korean bbq.. seafood... ribs... spicy pork ... so many choices... oh my  yummy food, happy me 4. i loved the fact that there were free street parking around the area. it took me less than 5 mins to find parking. I had to take uber back home. 5. i really enjoy their korean wine - they have different choices & beers  i tried few korean wine and it was so delicious. love trying new things! overall, i was pretty impressed how excellent their customer service, food & atmosphere was. Definitely coming back!!! thank you for your great service p.s. i forgot to take all the food porn photos. that's how much fun i was having. thanks again!
Absolutely delicious Korean BBQ. Excellent and friendly service. Highly recommended.
I was enjoying my night out at Black Hole Cafe and got hungry, wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so I went right next door. The marinated pork BBQ was better than the entertainment in Black Hole, Daeji Kalbi was even better. Had the Joe Gaetang soup which complimented the protein, wish I ate there first before going next door, I'm sure with the delicious food in my tummy I would've had a better time there. And I got laid..
Staff is so attentive & nice.  Ordered the marinated beef, large clams, & pork belly.  FOod was delicious, cozy place && they had ULtra music festival playing
Went here for the first time with friends and we ordered 3x pork belly and the duck bbq that came with grilled octopus which was a nice addition. The service was good and the waiters were attentive to our needs. I would most likely come here again with people.The only thing I would say is a negative is that if you have a party of 4 or more, the tables are a bit cramped and you'll probs have too much side dishes and overall, dishes for the table to hold. We used an extra stool to hold overflow dishes. Also, keep your metal cups AWAY from the flame, like at least 3 inches; my friend burned her fingers on her cup even though it wasn't near direct flame.
We ordered the special which gives either clams or octopus for free. It was a good amount with alot of taste. Not as much in terms of amount though.
This place is a must go Korean restaurant around the town. They have special noodle called mill myun which no other restaurant in NYC have in their menu. The dish is similar to cold buckwheat noodle but with different noodle. Also, their authentic pork bbq is very tasty and mouthwatering. Their price is very reasonable with so many side dishes that comes out for free!! The parking can be a little hectic at times but there are plenty of street parkings during lunch hours.
Come here with friends, nice environment and it looks good when they turn the fire up. Nice place! Strongly recommend pork, beef and seafood.
Good service I love the joomoolruk there ~ I'm definitely coming back for more I always come here in the weekends with bunch of friends and the owner is so friendly and the staff always take good care of me I love it here
Delicious food, upbeat atmosphere, nice ambiance and fantastic service. I love the Kalbi, chajae, chicken wings are yummy, chicken and cheese was not too spicy and just the way I like it. Good place to hang out with friends and enjoy a good meal.
We came here after our massages and this is the most authentic korean bbq spot ive been to. I grew up in flushing and have been eating in the neighborhood ever since, and this spot is definitely  worth coming to again. The side plates you get here are the BEST. You get a whole mackerel (fish) along with two soups along with many more. Their dumplings are handmade, you can tell. That bean paste soup was my favorite! The meat was amazing quality and for all that you get you will be walking out happy. The owner is very knowledgable about the menu and helpful for beginners. All the staff were cute! I couldve hugged them all ! After our meal we got the asian milk drink i grew up on! Yay
So ugly food,We can not eat. And then Manager didn't say anything. The seafood is uncooked but they said is already done. We didn't eat anything and I paid 83 dollar. No tips. I will not go there anymore.
Great place- food is delicious and service is spectacular! Definitely recommend and will be coming again.
First time here for my bday. GOOD foods, Good Vibe and a young crowd, Will definitely come back.
Great food, in a location where Korean barbecue is on every street this place stands out in both quality and atmosphere. Strongly recommend!
Came here on a Sunday night with some friends. There was no wait. Food was good but they were out of clams. Service was decent, would come back.
Due to the yelp ratings, I decided to try the seafood hotpot. The broth was good and the noodles were good. However the seafood in the dish was horrible. The shrimp was so over cooked that it shriveled to half the size of the shell. The lobster was nonexistent. The squid had the texture of rubber. Even the waitress saw this and apologized to me and when she spoke about it to the owner, the owner refused to acknowledge the poor quality of the seafood. Please don't waste your money and go here
It seems this is a popular place among Koreans as there were many of them in the restaurant and still some were waiting outside. However I found their BBQ to be not impressive. The duck and marinated pork belly were just dry and not tasty. Only the hand rubbed kalbi was good but it's small in portion and expensive too. Seating space was also very tight. Despite the friendly service they need more staff to be attentive.
My first review - As soon as i walked in the restaurant the music thry are playing I dont mind listening to while I eat and drink. The staffs are very friendly and foods are good. I will deff come back when I want to eat good Korean foods , Eat and drink while listen to good music.
Chill vibes.  Great food! Servers are fantastic.  Ideal for parties of four or less because of the small tables but they accommodate larger parties too.
Service was good but the seafood pot wasn't as fresh. Since it's one of their specialties , it should be one of their best tasting dishes . The wait staff was very friendly and tend to your needs!
Excellent food. A must try is their pork neck meat BBQ. Outstanding. Tastes like beef. Very tender. Their noodles are also their specialty, using a special  one of a kind Machine imported from Korea. Everything in this restaurant is perfectly seasoned. Try the spicy squid (nahk-gee) perfectly cooked so tender . cute restaurant with a lively modern vibe. Great place to gather!
Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!  This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant.  It was that good!!We went to check out the special noodles that is made from a  machine that's unique to Solbat, and it was well worth it!! The noodle was cooked al dente, firm to the bite and chewy. We tried both the cold noodles and bibimguksoo; both were so flavorful, made with fresh ingredients.  We went there for the noodles, but the marinated beef and side dishes were so delicious. The marinated pork was tender and savory, cooked right in front of you on a grill which brings out the BBQ flavors. The side dishes were plentiful and tasty.....I would definitely go back again and again, and I live in NJ.
Delicious food and good service. Had the Marinated Beef and Spicy Grilled Octopus special. Got greedy so we had the Spicy Chicken and Pork belly as well.  The waiters cook the food at your table and were very accomodating. I would definitely come back!
Their seafood steamed platter wasn't as appealing as the picture shows. It really is just literally boiled seafood. The lobster was over cooked when they server cooked it for us. Their bbq kalbi was extremely small. However, the service was really great. The taste of their seafood BBQ and platter are so so.
149 Pocha is a must if you in Flushing! Love the vibes music wise and food wise. The waiters/waitress are friendly and know what to get us customers! Great customer service seriously! Recommend for anyone whos looking for KBBQ place. You can get here via LIRR / Mta bus transit! Come check this place out as their grand opening wasnt too long ago! Clean place all around, what else can you wish for? Hope yall have good eats here!
Good food and great atmosphere! They're open late so it's a nice spot to eat and drink. Staff is very attentive! Definitely recommending friends and coming back again :)
IF YOU ENJOY THE SMALL DISHES KOREAN RESTAURANTS PROVIDE, THIS IS THE ONLY ONE I'VE BEEN TO THAT DOESN'T PROVIDE SMALL DISHES,LETTUCE OR KIM-CHI. the only good thing about the place was that its was clean, (maybe because it's only been open for 3 months)We ordered the marinated beef special x2 orders, the duck, and the cod soup mild spicy...the marinated beef kaibi we ordered was beef cubes.. very chewy..the duck was dry, crispy, and over cooked. the cod soup was the most spicy soup i ever had, when we specifically requested MILD, we got extra spicy, no one was able to eat it.  I've been to many many kbbq places, and I've got to say this place is by far the worst.we felt very rushed and we were the only customers in the restaurant.
Korean bbq at its best. Pocha at its best. Getting my bbq n soju fix all at 1 place~~~ staff is awesome n attentive and have many dishes besides bbq also.
Awesome place to go to eat and drink. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Finally a place where everything on the menu tastes amazing!!! I'm definitely gong back.
Fantastic place for drinks and awesome staff!! Definitely revisit for dinner and of course more drinks!
Tried a new place korean bbq restaurant, Saemaul Pocha bbq, very friendly, fast service, great food.  I had the pork belly, marinated pork short ribs, and spicy chicken gizzard. Also plenty of soju, lol. Oh, you have to try the assorted steamed seafood. I ate it so fast, I forgot to take a picture. After the seafood is finished they put in rice and noodles for a awesome noodle soup.
Had a great meal. Interesting good. The Kimchi soup was excellent as was the whole octopus. We also got a mixed BBQ with pork belly, duck and beef. Comes with many side dishes. All of it was really excellent. They cook it your table. Service was great.
Food is great and the staff is really friendly, awesome at this spot is fun and casual.  Price is reasonable as well, I will be coming here a lot from now on.
We came here for a quick bite and some Korean BBQ. The vibes here are awesome, parking wasn't too hard to find as well. Definitely would be coming back here when I come back into queens
nice galbi so tender                     free octopus with 2 orders of galbi is good too! buy one bottle of soju, free bottle with yelp review is great too! will come back again
I came in here expecting the usual korean pocha fare, but i was pleasantly surprised. As soon as i stepped in i felt like i was in korea. Pocha places are usually a little dingy and sticky and uncomfortable, but this place felt clean yet homely. The food was magnificent and the service was fabulous. Definitley coming here every time im in the neighborhood.
I've been in flushing a long time and have eaten in many places.  I have to say that 149 pocha is my new favorite place.  I have become a regular here. The food is amazing, but more than that the atmosphere and service is top notch. What's not to like about this place? I would recommend and have recommended 149 to many of my friends.
Great place to eat, drink, chill, and laugh out loud.. service was on point and attentive.. It's one of those great jump off spots to go to for round 1..
Great atmosphere , Great food , great drinks and good company. I felt like I was in Korea with the good hospitality and service. Must go if your in the flushing, bayside area if you just want a chill and to just kick back.
New local spot. Good food. Fun atmosphere. Great deals!Came with a group of friends and they were able to accommodate us quickly. Service is on point even though it's busy.Food is good. We ordered a variety of meats, soups, misc. Everything was delicious.Highly recommend all to check this place out.
Everything was avg and normal except for the service. The male waiters were ok but the female waitress was very rude and impolite. We asked the waitress to order for food and drinks, she ignored us and walked away again and again. She had a really bad attitude for no apparent reason. This type of behavior is really bad for the business.
We were very excited to check out this place. We got take out for Galbi, spicy eels & assorted pancakes. Very disappointed... eels were very hard with fishy taste. Galbi was slightly under seasoned but it tasted ok. Besides pickled green onions, no kimchi or other side dishes were given. No steamed rice was provided either for our quite pricey orders ... assorted pancakes were not good. Overall, big disappointments. The best dish we had with the order was the pickled green onions.
The environment is great, the workers are friendly. If you're looking for a home-y drinking spot then pocha 149 is for you!
Wow... just honestly the best Korean food place in Queens hands down!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious and the environment is very pleasing. I will definitely recommend anyone to come here and try it.
Amazing! Great customer service, and the food is superb! Def recommend this place if you guys have the chance!
TERRIBLE Service and they try their best to cheat you for your money.  Served us rubber like meat where swine smell was overpowering and served us 1 serving of pork belly but charged us for 2 and said it was because "we didn't ask them for serving for 2".  Couldn't stay any longer because of prior engagement and waited over an hour to eat.  If you want Korean BBQ there are several other choices just walking distance from this dump.  Would give it a 0 or negative if I had choice.
Good price and good service.Korean BBQ has 9.99 promotion now. Don't miss that one.I love Korean food and this is perfect. It blends French and Korean in fun ways. I saw some of creative layout of the dessert.This is one of those underrated restaurants tucked next to a hotel on a street full of construction.
This is our 'go to' place for delicious black pork belly and Soju. Their BBQ eel and chicken feet are also favorites.
I went to eat with a bunch of friends and the BBQ port was very good.  I usually don't eat pork but it was so good that I ended up eating it.  The side dishes were very good and the cold noodle dish was also very tasty.  Service was excellent.  I highly recommend this place for tasty Korean food.
Went here for Valentine's Day...my family and I loved it! Staff is very polite and the food is delicious!  Definitely coming back!
try the jumeoluk galbi! it's so tender and melts in your mouth. with 2 servings you get a free serving of octopus or clams. I had the octopus and it wasn't tough to chew at all, mixed with a spicy sauce. it was beyond my expectations. after 1 bottle of paid soju, you get one for free. alcohol prices are very reasonable to begin with. will definitely be a regular
love their kalbi, pork belly and kimchi jigae! this restaurant also serves many side dishes which is a plus! the service is great and the staff are friendly. my new go to korean spot!
I thought this restuarant's food was good and the staff were friendly. I think this is a hidden gem and a lot of people don't know about this place, however it's truly delicious. Highly reccommend for people visiting or people who have yet to discover this place.
a great local spot to unwind and chill with your friends..good comfort food to compliment the drinks
Amazing! Very budget friendly but delicious! Would definitely recommend!!! They have amazing grand opening specials.
Nice ambience excellent service, we got the marinated pork rib but everything looked so good too!! They have promotions so be sure to ask. Im sure to come back
Good food. Good service. Nice music. Cheap price. Nice events. It is really good place for eating food with your friends or family. I recommend this '149 Pocha' ~~
Service was excellent. We ordered the pork belly special for $9.99 and it was delicious. The waiter, John, told us the soju (regularly priced at $10.99) was buy one get one free (we thought it was just get one free with a check in on Yelp). Overall, we enjoyed the meal and the ambiance of the restaurant.
came in for some korean BBQ and left very satisfied. the beef, pork and shrimp were delicious which was accompanied by some tasty sides. i will definitely be coming back.
Clean and authentic place. The prices are reasonable. They currently have a promotion ($9.99 pork belly/samgeyopsal) which is a great deal.
the food is good, the service is good, the crowd is lively. what more can you ask for? a taste of korea in flushing
Awesome food and staff. Awesome food be staffDefinitely recommend checking this place out
I came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night and was surprised to see that it was not busy.  We ordered the seafood BBQ and an order of the thick cut pork belly.  The waiter went to place our order only to come out 5 minutes later  to tell us they couldn't serve us the pork belly because there was a minimum requirement of two items from the BBQ meat section.  There was no way the two of us could finish that much food so we asked the waiter what the difference was since the grill was going to be on for the seafood platter.  The waiter could not give us an explanation.  The seafood platter was bland and tasteless... and only offered with two sauces that were both spicy. We had to ask the waiter to continue grilling our food as he kept trying to tell us it was ready when it was clearly undercooked.   Disappointing experience, bland food, staff needs to be more knowledgeable about the menu as well as how to grill the food properly- will not return
this place has good ambiance and has nice service! got deals with yelp and other things so its nice!
I'm thrilled that there's a new vegetarian place in flushing. The food here is great and the prices are very reasonable. The portions are relatively large. I had a mango roll and a Thai spicy roll and they are the size of small burritos. Both were fantastic. The Thai spicy roll had a very tasty spicy mayo on it. My boyfriend ordered a vegetable tempura bento box and the tempura was incredibly crispy. The bento box comes with a salad and a very refreshing lemon dressing. It also came with a choice of soup. We picked the hot and sour soup which I thought was too salty and not sour enough. Overall the food was very satisfying and I'll definitely be coming back here. :)
Vegetarian Japanese restaurant. Food was really good! No faux meat here. Instead you'll find rolls, bento boxes and noodles. Got the avocado peanut roll, inari roll, sweet potato roll, and mushroom tempura roll. Also tried the chickpea curry bento box. Everything tasted great. The rolls could have been assembled and rolled a little better, but enjoyed the mushroom tempura the most. Chickpea curry was also great.Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu.
This is my favorite restaurant in all of Queen's, NY.Located conveniently across the street from Flushing Hospital Medical Center, FHMC staff, and visitors enjoy their awesome vegetarian dishes. I frequent here for lunch and dinner!The food is so tasty and healthy!The restaurant is clean and the ambiance is very soothing.The owners and staff are professional and personable. They care very much about their food, service and guests. It is always a great pleasure to dine here, and convenient to take out.The menu is creative and the prices are very fair. The portions will leave you satisfied and nourished but never weighed down.I love the fact they cook with extra virgin olive oil.I highly recommend Green Recipes for lunch, dinner, or events! One of my favorite rolls of the tiger eye, it is out of this world. A healthy style comfort food!The vegetable soup is perfect as a side. Or its own meal. My go to soup when I am feeling under the weather as well.The hot and sour soup, and miso soup are delicious too!Green Recipes will become an instant favorite to anyone who tries it!
No photos cuz we had a jet lagged toddler lying on my husband through dinner ha, but this was one of my favorite meals during our trip to see family in the area. My mother in law is a pro at ordering and we enjoyed 2 veggie dishes, a mixed one w snap peas and Chinese yam, and of course an eggplant dish (my go to). They have a roast chicken with the ginger scallion sauce that every table seemed t have ordered and it was very flavorful. My favorite dish was the lobster sticky rice! It comes out it one of those huge flat steam baskets and filled with succulent lobster pieces. The body pieces were sweet and tender. Claws weren't great, but that's to be expected. Pre-cut so it was easy for me to make bites of food for my husband who was holding our toddler (no, we didn't bring a stroller on our trip womp womp). Oh we also got a egg and shrimp dish for Miss A, she ate it later sleepyhead. Service was prompt and professional, i liked the food a lot...much nicer than the HK cafes by our place in LA!
Just order a pickup from the place, salty fish with bean curd and diced chicken pot. It was okay, not great, but good for the price. As I almost finish the whole thing, I found a hair! Yes, HAIR!!!!! I know it cannot be mine because it was buried under all the bean curd!!!! 刚刚去买了外卖带回家吃到后面下面居然有一根头发 看的我直接去厕所 吐了出来 太恶心了
The Weekday lunch special is worth coming here, you get 3 dishes, soup, and 2 bowls of rice for $22 but it's on a separate menu that you have to ask for. The HK milk tea is a little on the pricey side almost $4 for iced. The 3 dishes were on the smaller side, I guess for the lunch special pricing. We got the Peking style pork chop (was done very well), Mapo Tofu (the tofu itself was good but the mapo sauce was a little lacking), and the Chinese broccoli with beef (wished it was a bigger portion) for 3 people. Although the portions were small it was enough to fill the 3 of us for brunch. Their regular menu is pretty extensive too. I would come back for their lunch specials.
Their lunch special is a pretty good deal. Choose 3 dishes for $21.99. Comes with two bowls of rice and soup for  everyone. Their phone line is currently down so cash only and you must call their 718.358.6588 number to place orders.
*link your CC to your yelp profile to get 5% cash back when dining here*It's a pretty spacious café, with plenty of seating on the inside. Minimal parking in their front lot (probably can fit 5 cars max). The food here comes out fast, but there is nothing very memorable about the place. I had the beef noodle soup ($6.95) and they ran out of the thick white noodles and had to substitute with the thin yellow egg noodles. Also, the beef chunks in the noodle soup were not very beefy, they were mostly beef tendons which I am not a fan of, so the stock photo in the menu is deceiving! Prices are in line for what you expect at a sit down restaurant, but I think I rather walk a few blocks up to the food court and have delicious beef noodle soup, with beef pieces for $5 instead.
Huge fan of HK cafes and Flushing really needed one!I ordered the Short Rib lunch special for $8 which comes with salad and soup, with an option of french fries or rice. I also ordered pan fried pork buns (4) for $3.25.My friend ordered Stir Fried Soy Sauce Noodle for about $8.The place is clean which is rare in Flushing 5/5.Food came pretty quick and was still very hot, I love eating my food extremely hot!We both enjoyed our dishes, there were 6-7 ribs which I think is a decent amount for the price. My friends Stir Fried Noodle was huge, it was enough to be shared with 2 and we still didn't finish it.The food taste authentic, like it does at any other Hong Kong cafe, comparable to Cha chan tang, but a little too oily -1 star.Would come back to try more of the menu!
I came here with a friend for dinner. The place was packed at night. We got one and one thing only(each of us got the same thing actually): oxtail with rice. Oxtail with rice: -Comes with raw dressed salad, soup, and then the dish itself. -Salad was unnecessary imo. Like come on, this is an Asian restaurant. *roll eyes*-soup was very flavorful... tastes like it came from a can tho -oxtail meat was sort of tough, but bearable-sauce had same base as the soup-the rice portion is equivalent to 1 bowl of rice Parking:-right in front of the restaurant enough to fit 4-5 cars -park as long as you want; tip is necessary Other notes:-I looked at other diners' tables and their food looked pretty appetizing. Or maybe just pretty. :p
Totally agree with Betty L that the food here is very bland and in addition to that, VERY OILY TOO! The husband and I shared a beef Chow fun and Shanghai noodle with our daughter. The food was so bad that I had didn't wanna continue eating. The noodles were so oily that I had to use a napkin to wipe off the oil before feeding my daughter. Ugh! It was a lot of work just for lunch too! We also shared a siu Mai thinking that they can't mess this dimsum up but we were wrong. The siu Mai tasted rather strange and horrible per the husband. It didn't have any seasoning with one piece of shrimp in the bottom and you can only taste the meat. It was definitely NOT a typical dim sum siu Mai #facepalmWhat we can't believe is how badly they messed up on a Hong Kong classic dish, BEEF CHOW FUN, when the name of this restaurant is HK Cafe! #sighduck Won't be returning even if they have the special lunch and dinner deals which we opted out of. Super MEH!
Today is Chinese Lunar Year Last Day Of Rooster，every one is happy to celebrate with family or friend.We have great time to eat here.
Big place for Hong Kong style bakery food, it open till 12:00. Good price for the food and spacious.
Stopped here for lunch today. My uncle says this place changes out a lot. It was a sushi place, then American food place and now back to Hong Kong food. Eh. The service is bleh. All they did was bring out drinks and food. Well they forgot about drinks until we reminded them once they brought out food. But that's all they did. They didn't come back to ask or check if we needed anything. The food..... so so so bland. Either too bland or too much sauce. One of our dish was super sauce and then the other three were super bland. No taste to it whatsoever. Don't think we will be returning here.
This place serves HK style dishes, Cantonese food. Congee, noodle soup, roast meats, and even western inspired dishes. They have this great lunch menu, which comes sith choice of rice or pasta, soup and salad. I strongly recommend the pasta. It was so good, I actually ordered one to go for lunch at work the next day. The portion lasted me two meals though. Of all the options, the short ribs is the best. I wouldn't recommend the curry chicken. The oxtail was ok, but want tender enough. On the western style menu they have these rice baked dishes, and oh dear, it's huge. Larger than I anticipated and it was really good. I ordered the baked porkchop over rice. It's baked with onions, tomatoes and cheese. It was delicious. Def get your money's worth.  They only accept cash
I think the quality and service has definitely gone down since the last time I came here, which was only 2 months ago. Staff were not friendly nor attentive like they used to be. My favorite dish from here that I always order, the curry chicken on rice was hard and dry. They used (bad?) boned-in chicken parts for the dish and it had a weird taste to it, which was not very appetizing. On top of that, they no longer have my favorite, borscht soup that is included with the lunch special but instead, it's canned clam chowder (yes, canned) and ranch dressing instead of thousand island :( They now take credit cards (used to be cash only) and their parking lot is no longer free (there's a mandatory $2 tip for valet). Very disappointed, will not be returning again.
As my mom and I walking along Main St., she decided to try this spot. I didn't want to eat too much so my mom ordered Pan Fried Buns and Beef Chow Fun (Dry). The buns are so small and the pork filling is shaped like a quarter shape. The color of the chow fun was light for my liking. Overall mediocre food. There are other better spots in Flushing.
I've driven past this location of few times but was never really in the area because it is quite a distance from the Main Street 7-Train station. They have a few spots outside for valet parking and will charge you $2. So you are better off just looking for street parking.I've been looking for a good HK food spot and was hoping this was it. This spot used to be a vegetarian restaurant many years back, but then it closed and a bunch of different restaurants kept opening but didn't do too well. So on a hot summer day while I was craving HK style food, I decided to finally visit this place.Since it was my first time here, I decided to ask the waitress for recommendations. However, I felt like she was trying way too hard to sell the expensive items on the menu like lobster, seafood, a whole chicken, etc. Even going as far as saying "if it's too much food, you can always pack it home." I came here for a small and simple HK style dish, not a giant meal that requires me lugging around the leftovers in the hot sun for the remainder of the day (this was lunch by the way).In the end I went with the wonton noodle soup and thought it was mediocre. Their coffee/milk tea mix, on the other hand, was actually pretty good.
This place has a good variety of hk style food.  The cuisine is authentic and price is good.
This is my go-to spot in Flushing for a quick meal! I love the roast duck or wontons with egg noodles and my bf loves the pepper steak with rice. It's a spacious restaurant and the food comes out super fast. I'm from Hong Kong and I do wish that they had more HK style noodle options, HK breakfast or street food. Don't think it's a truly authentic HK restaurant but it's a good spot for Chinese food.
Large portions, good pricing, tasty! I've found my new regular food spot for late night suppers. The place opens til midnight, and has a vast variety of options of the menu to choose from, which also includes lunch special!
3 stars.This place is a bit upscale by HK cafe standards and menu offerings a bit more limited than they "standard" HK cafe. But it's cleaner FWIW.Quality wise overall kinda average. Date friendly so to speak but parking tough.
New place in town! The place looks new and spacious. The decor looks great and the arrangement looks great. The food was good. I ordered Mapo Tofu over rice. The Mapo Tofu was well prepared, good balance between the spiciness and the ingredients flavor. I will come back to this place more often!
Coming from Texas, I've always been happy knowing that moving to New York meant better Chinese food, specifically Cantonese food. My experience at HK Cafe made me second guess that affirmation a bit. I went in with my boyfriend at 2pm in the middle of the weekday and there were 4 waiters and only 4 tables. I was happy since I was starving and thought, great, the service will be quick and I can get the food quickly!First off, the service was so slow throughout the meal. Our waters were constantly empty, the waiters kept forgetting to bring us either napkins, or the extra plate we asked for, etc. As a former waitress, I understand that things get a bit crazy and you might forget something and that's totally fine... but it was not busy, all the waiters were just strolling around the restaurant looking outside the windows. Food wise, I got the baked pork chop over rice, and the rice they used was definitely not Jasmine rice, and it gave a weird taste. The milk tea was only super expensive, and the whole lunch ended up being more expensive than I anticipated, especially since we were in Flushing and could have easily gotten something cheaper and quicker.
ATTENTION ALL YELPERS who loved Lok Lok...THEY ARE BACK to making Cantonese food and HK Style Cafe food. YAAAAY! 5 Stars just for the conversion back to their delicious Cantonese food but this time it's even better. Not only is there Cantonese dishes, they added HK style cafe food. YAY. I for one love it! There is so much to try that we decided to start with their lunch menu because this way the two of us can sample more. The lunch special menu is from 11 am to 4 pm for $8.99, after 4pm you can still order it for $3 more. We decided to order the Grilled Short Ribs, Stewed Oxtail Russian Style and Curry Chicken. The two of us knew it will be a lot of food but it's a good way to try a few dishes. The lunch dishes come with a bowl of delicious HK Style Borscht Soup, a small salad with french dressing and your choice of side: pasta, french fries or white rice. We had the white rice with Curry Chicken and the other two dishes we opted for Spaghetti minus the cheese since we're lactose intolerant. We also ordered the Rice Roll with Mixed Sauce from the Dim Sum menu. The highlight were the three lunch dishes we ordered. First of all I was soooooo happy to see the HK style Borscht Soup. It's my favorite soup of all time. Reminds me of my mom. My mom and I made it one day when I was younger. It is so delicious. It's tomato based and has nothing to do with Russian Borscht soup. There is ZERO beets in the HK style Borscht soup. It is a tomato based soup cooked with beef, celery, onion, carrot. At HK cafe, it was on point. DELICIOUS. The salad is whatever. It's a little roughage. I loved the Stewed Oxtail Russian Style. The taste profile is very similar to the Borscht which is fine because I love it. It is tomato based with potatoes, carrots, and deliciousness. The spaghetti with tomato sauce was also flavorful. For $8.99, this was a really good meal. The Chicken Curry with white rice was also very very yummy. It's made with dark meat only, AWESOME. White meat is dry anyways and bland so who needs it! There were some potatoes in it and I just removed the chicken skin before I ate it. DELICIOUS. It was very tasty and it was a little different than the normal Chinese Curry flavor. The flavor was actually different and I enjoyed it very very much. It surprised me, in a good way. Then the last dish to come out, the pièce de résistance was the grilled short rib. When it first came out the other waiter put cheese all over the pasta. The original waitress took it away because she knew I can't have dairy. That was really nice of her and we tipped her extra just because she understood it was very bad if I had it. I have very bad lactose intolerance, I will get really sick if I have dairy. The short ribs were soooo delicious. OMG. I bit into thinking the worse but I was sooooo proven wrong. It was soft and soooo flavorful. OMG. I could not eat more at the time because I was so full. I took everything home and I can't wait to have it again.The old Lok Lok used to have a family combo special where you pick 3 entrees and it comes with soup and 2 bowls of rice for $21.95. I hope they bring that type of deal back so I can try a larger variety of dishes. I want to come back and try other dishes so bad. Thanks to Michael L for letting me know that the steak and sushi place is now HK Cafe, I believe it's the same owner and cook. I can't wait to go back again and again. Welcome back Lok Lok, ooops, I meant HK Cafe! I am soooo happy that it is Cantonese and HK style cafe food now that I will go back again and again. Yay. Hopefully there will not be anymore drastic changes again. YAY.They serve Cantonese "BBQ/Roasted" meats, i.e. roasted duck, roast pork, roasted crispy skinned pig, etc., but at HK Cafe it is not displaying in the window. HK Cafe is not a place to come buy the "BBQ" meats by the pound. ** CASH ONLY****Fried Chicken Wings, WOAH! You gotta try it! It's delicious!**
So Lok Lok is back as HK Cafe..... after some missed calculation of Steak & Sushi place which lasted only several months.I like the lunch special with five difference choices and comes with soup and salad. We actually tried 4 out of 5. Each one is good especially the oxtail and curry chicken. Rated 5/5.Their wide noodle with beef is lot less attractive and lack in flavor'\; need improvement. Rated 3/5the Shanghai noodle was not that good either. Lack flavor, lack ingredients and too much on the onions. Rated 3/5Waiters are sometime great and sometimes just not available; mostly because there is enough to coverage all the tables when it is busy at lunch time.Lunch specials are available on weekends too.Parking in front of restaurant is $2.
Came here after my dress fitting at Paris for a quick lunch with my bridesmaids. It had convenient parking if you can't find parking for valet it's 2 dollar tip. I ordered beef chow fun it was a really large portion. I came here before but never got a chance to review. Every experience I've had here was good. Food was decent and comparable to typical Chinese dim sum spots but they get an additional star for service.
I went over there with my family for lunch today. I was really surprise that the food are really good. Everyone in my family did enjoy all the food that we had order. The menu has a lot of choice and different style of western food too. The restaurant is clean, price is reasonable and the service is average. I have to asked the waiter come over to change our plate. The only thing bother me a little is that the restaurant has free valet parking in front of the location, and there is a sign states you must give the parking attendant $2 Tips! $2 isn't too much money. But, you don't demanding tips!!!!!
Very standard HK style food, reasonable price and easy parking. I especially liked the salt & pepper squid, and shrimp wonton soup. This place wouldn't disappoint yet wouldn't wow you. Nothing to rave about and nothing to complain about. Perfect place for a quick meal without insulting your palate.
This space used to be the Lok Lok Restaurant but they changed ownership and re-branded.  They continue to offer $2 valet parking out front.Mayo shrimp - 3 stars:  flavors as you'd expect but very small portion; bit of a rip offHot and spicy diced chicken - 1 star:  we didn't expect the chicken to be diced bone-in; extremely difficult to eat and barely any meatSalt and pepper pork chop - 4 stars:  nice crisp but over did it with the saltWide noodles with shrimp - 5 stars:  definitely the star of the meal; very sizable plate tooI was surprised we could not find any pure green vegetable dishes on the menu.  In any case, service was good and prompt.
Seems this place on Main Street is constantly changing names (it was called Lok Lok a few months ago). Hopefully it'll still be named HK Café by the time you go.  They serve Cantonese and Shanghai dishes. My family and I went there at busy prime dinner time (7pm on a Sunday). Place was packed and people were lined up with numbers for seating. Luckily, we were a large enough group so we were able to grab the last large table. We waited like five minutes.  :-)The wait staff was super quick to clean and setup and quite attentive even though it was super busy. The menu was easy to read through, nice pics and plenty of variety (category wise) so it was easy to find food for all. Even my picky 7 yr old (she ate the fries okay, just saying).For starters we ordered the soup dumplings (6 pcs), the scallion pancakes (picky girl liked it too, a win for me), and fried dumplings for the table. The soup dumplings were small to medium in size, it is not the quality like a real Shanghai place would churn out.  They tasted fine flavor wise but it was smaller than it should be.  Still juicy - there was soup in it. The fried dumplings were crisp and good texture.  Was not overly oily and my son devoured it so I would say it was worth it.  I tried one and liked the meat filling.  The scallion pancakes were very good, extra crispy and definitely saw the scallions.  Simple and as expected.The entrees:- lobster with ginger and scallion, was cooked right but not to the level of a larger "family style seafood restaurant" quality.  Totally enjoyable still and satisfies the craving.    - Shanghai Rice Noodles with Pork. Had a good amount of green veggies (mustard greens and shanghai bok choy) with slivers of pork.  Not too soft - hubby likes it chewy so this was a good texture.  - Sauteed Chives with Squid.  This was a nice change for a veggie dish. My family usually orders Spinach and peas so having the chives was refreshing. It is a simple dish, as it sounds.  The squid was great.- Spaghetti with meat sauce and fried egg, as I said something for all...this was my son's request (10 year olds, go figure).  He enjoyed it thoroughly, didn't even want to share. But I did manage to get to try the spaghetti and the tomato sauce was on the sweeter side (not a surprise in Chinese restaurants).  It was a good East meets Western dish.  - House Special Half Chicken (cage free), very tender, tasted really fresh, and don't be fooled by it's yellow skin color, tasted just as yummy as any soy based chicken.  You don't miss the sauce here.  It is indeed a signature dish.- Stewed Oxtail Combo Meal, this came with a large bowl of stewed oxtail (reddish brown gravy), and had lots of carrots.  This was the best deal (price wise) and very good for sharing.  It came with a house salad (individual portion) and a small soup.  This was my favorite.Side note:  Treat this place like a casual family style dining - almost like a HK style Canteena but with table service.  It's prices make it a keeper and for the casual and relaxed ambiance.  It does serve wine (we didn't order any) and they do sell bubble tea drinks.  I wish I ordered but forgot about it once I was eating as the plates just kept coming. I would go back for the price and convenience.  And it's far off from the hustle bustle of Main Street so I liked that I wasn't on top of people to get in and out.
Big promotion~3 dishes 1 soup 2 rice only $21.99! Chicken taste so good, i think which is the most delicious chicken in flushing area!
Came here for a family style meal. This place was like any other place - nothing spectacular. The worst was athe xiao long bao because the skin was too thin and it just broke. It tasted fine but the whole point of those is to eat it whole with soup. Disappointing. Nothing too salty and decent. But that's the whole verdict. However, the problem came with the service. We ordered plenty of dishes in which they repeated to us in verbatim. However there were STILL mistakes. We had several dishes that came out wrong but we accepted since it was already here. The other is the fact that the wait staff seems to be too slow to realize we ran out of tea and water. It took us until almost finishing before it was refilled. But what's worst was when my boyfriend dropped his tea on the floor. I know it's busy but if you hear the drop of the cup or if you see the customer cleaning, you should do something. However no one came to help - none. That was truly disappointing as my boyfriend cleaned their wet floors with the napkin they provided. And for those who worry about bathrooms, theirs is clean but the floor is a bit sticky.
Excited to try this place and came on a weekday to get takeout: 3.5 stars actually (food court in Elmhurst is better)I ordered the oxtail lunch special ($8.95) that came with either pasta, fried rice, and few other options. Also came with a delicious soup + salad (I didn't even get a dressing for it). Also got an order of the Shanghai fried noodle ($8.95) I believe it's called (thick noodles + meat + mushroom). Flavored really well except the meat was dry overcooked and under seasoned (felt like I was chewing on rubber).Try it for yourself and don't get what I ordered. Get something else that's popular or you'll be wasting your money. Not the best place for value of money but this place changed 3x since it opened soo I hope they do better with this cafe.
Decent place, quick service, and friendly staffs.... came here for breakfast with family plus visiting relative before she flys back to Asia(dont wanna say exact place lol). Portions are big especially the congees, I couldn't finish mine since we also ordered some dim sum too...
A decent Hong Kong Style spot in flushing that has more Chinese offerings than said Hong Kong authentic style dishes. The variety of the menu is worth the trip here and back. We like getting the roast duck over noodles. The broth is delicious, the duck is on the salty side but compliments the plain noodles (hor fun is better) really well! Would return to try other dishes and their iced milk tea.
After leaving the Presbyterian Hospital due to a dislocated shoulder from diving, we wanted to eat at the QQ Cafe. Instead, we came here. Before it was the Lok Lok restaurant.The restaurant wasn't that busy at the time. We ordered their wanton noodle soup. We thought that it took a long time for it to make. The wonton noodle soup was visually appealing. The noodles are chewy and the soup was clear.
Just finished dinner here. We ordered cage free chicken congee, wonton noodle soup and lamb with yuba. We like the congee and noodle soup most. The portion of lamb is generous and the taste is okay.The service is good and quick.
The food here is OK.  I was here on a Saturday morning and parking was horrendous around the area.  They have a small parking area outside the restaurant and it's packed- good luck finding parking. In terms of food, I wished there was more dim sum options. We got the steam rice noodles- which was alright. I kinda like the ones from canteen 88.  The soup dumplings was bad- don't get it.   The wonton noodle soup was good- wantons were fresh.  The chicken congee was a OK. Portion size was small and pricing is a little on the higher side. Interior is nice and looked a lot more modern than before.  Overall, it was an OK experience.
I used to come here a lot and I've seen the owner change this place a couple times already. But overall, they had pretty good service. The servers are very attentive and give us tissues even when we don't ask for it. The menu has a lot of choices now. In the morning it's mainly dimsum from 9am. Starting from 11am and on other dishes are offered as well. It's authentic Hong Kong Style food. My favorite was the pan-fried stuffed pork buns. Their portions are pretty reasonable for their prices as well. For later hours, they have great meal combos that customers can order from. Their drinks range more bubble tea, Japanese matcha to Thai iced tea. It's nice to have a lot of choices. They have parking right outside the restaurant which is always a plus, especially in Flushing.
We came here because it was close to the Queens Botanical Garden.  The place was packed for lunch and we had to wait a bit for a table to open up. We don't mind that at all since that means it's popular and the food is fresh.  They have a wide menu. I had the minced beef congee, it was good. I also ordered the Siu Mai (pork dumplings), that was surprisingly bland and bad. They didn't have worcestershire sauce which usually goes with Siu Mai.  We also ordered one of the lunch special dishes, oxtail stew (tomato sauce, with carrots, celery and potatoes), which came with vegetable soup (bland, not hot), salad and fries (hot and fresh).Overall a good experience and I'd go here again.
Not surprisingly from my first review, but this place is closed down due to health inspections
Come in for the very 1st time recommended by friends. The dishes here are well presented and doesn't disgrace me and my companions. The owner and servers are well service...one excellent dish that needed to recommend is the drunken chicken which melted to the mouth even for a non meat eater like me...
This is one of my favorite spots to hit up in flushing, mostly bc it's free parking out front... and it's not smack in the central congested part. The hours are great for breakfast until a quick late dinner (closes at midnight). This place really lives up to be a "Hong Kong cafe"- quite authentic.For food, I think this is the best wonton mee in the queens area! I take back what I said about Sifu Chow on prince st.... their noodles reminds me of the delicious ones from famous Hong Kong joints. The noodles are tangy and thin, the broth is wonderful... tastes extra delicious if you add some duck pieces as a topping. The wontons are smaller than at sifu chow but they're more wholesome- you see some shrimp chunks! I absolutely love it. Cage free chicken congee is not bad, has cilantro which is different. It's thick. Had their preserved egg & pork congee and it's not so good. They put sesame oil in their congee so it really alters the traditional congee taste IMO. Husband loves the tomato and egg with beef over rice. Fried pork buns are pretty good. Drinks are nice although a bit pricey. The shanghai noodles are awful. Since this place is new, it's clean. Well kept, nicely decorated where it's not embarrassing to bring someone you semi have to impress, and very polite waitstaff. A lottttttt of variety in the menu. Recommend for breakfast to lunch.
I just stopped by but it is closed due to violation of food and mental health since August 10, 2017. I found the food during lunch to be oily. The previous times I had dinner were good.
Best Hong Kong style cafe I've been to. The wanton soup with shrimp is to die for and the fried rice was amazing. You have to try the Chinese tea. It is great with sugar. The scallion pancakes were out of this world!!!!!
We ordered the Peking Duck on Christmas Eve, and even though the place was busy we were given great service. The waitresses and waiters were extremely nice, although a little frazzled from the amount of customers. They were also quick to give us extras of the toppings to the duck wraps which were delicious and flavorful.
Great new Hong Kong restaurant in Flushing! This place seems to keep changing, maybe this restaurant will stick around. Good Hong Kong and Cantonese food, also some Shanghai dishes. Modern decor and pretty spacious. Pretty good selection on the menu. The baked pork chop over spaghetti was good.
I was really happy that Lok Lok is reincarnated, but was super disappointed that the quality has gone way down. I'm still giving it 4 stars because I want them to get back to their old standards! In reality, I thought it was more like 2-3 stars. I miss the rice rolls with shrimp and cruellers back in the Lok Lok days. Please bring that back!!!!! Their dumplings are also not as good as they used to be. And their turnip cakes too.
4 entrees ordered:Free range chicken: tasty, but too much white meatShanghai thick noodle:  it was not really "thick" noodle, more of like "medium" noodle.House stir fry:  expertly done consisted squid, silver fish, chives and arrow roots Water spinach:  okayService was crispy and bath room was spotless.More if 3.5 stars since it lacked multiple signature dishes.
Delicious Food, Expedited serviceThis restaurant serves a variety of traditional Hong Kong style cafe food. -Their fried chicken wings were delicious! Large, juicy, and tender wings. -Shen Jian Bao (pan seared pork buns) has just the right amount of broth and were seared just right to have a crispy bottom yet fluffy top. Note, these buns also had the perfect amount of meat to bread ratio. We actually saw them making the buns in the back. Two chefs were making them in a very clean and organized counter top.-Baked pasta wasn't novel but the comfort food was made just sweet enough to remind me of the actual baked pasta that is served in Hong Kong. -Drinks I would say the boba ice tea was status quo, nothing too exciting but at least the boba balls were chewy and not stale. Ditto for the Thai ice tea and watermelon juice.Service wise I would say was great. This is a very busy restaurant so you could tell they rush to get you your food and then rush you out the door. No biggie tho, this is not the type of establishment to meander at. Parking is a toughie though. There's only about 16 spots total, you can leave your keys with someone at the restaurant if you have double parked but just know that public parking is limited.
I am so glad they decided to go back to Cantonese cuisine versus the steak and sushi operation they had before. Lunch time is BUSY AS HELL! Luckily, we were able to get a seat for 9 fairly quickly even though it was chaos. They offer the Hong Kong style milk teas and coffees. Plenty of food options! The chicken wings were surprisingly good. It had the perfect crunch and was well seasoned. I would definitely get it again. The cage free chicken congee was good and not too salty. The soy sauce noodles were the winner! The entire table really liked it and I liked that they added a variety of seafood and some vegetables so it's not too boring. The hor fun noodles with sauteed beef were standard. And of course, who can forget wonton soup - good but not as good as the original Lok Lok location. All great portions to share. Disappointed that they don't have dim sum options but they do have a plain rice noodle roll with peanut sauce dip if you're looking for something similar. Clean restaurant, good food, cozy enough. I would definitely come back to try more dishes!
The food quality is decent. They could have done a better job on dishes they brought out of the kitchen. Nothing looks any close to ones in the menu. By the way, if you don't speak Cantonese, they don't give a f**k. Terrible experience, terrible service !
Really good Canto food. Lots of choices and of course has your typical canto dishes. My fav has to be the cage free chicken and the veggie mixed with seafood (mini fried fish, chives, celery) stir fry. I also ordered a simple fried rice dish (finely diced eggs, onions, Chinese sausage, white raisins) which I really enjoyed as well. The food definitely is very delicious, but as usual with Chinese restaurant food they get a bit oily, so I recommend to get a good mix of lightly flavored veggie dish and fried dishes.
The wonton noodle soup, salt and pepper chicken w/ white rice, and the dumpling noodle soup are worth getting here. Service wasn't spectacular but the interior is modern and nice.
It was surprising to see that they had decent prices, food was decent, good variety. We ordered scallion pancakes (M14), Shumai/Shaomai (M11), Pan fried radish cake/ luobuogao (M18), Shanghai fried crude noodles (R8) and Wonton Noodle Soup (N1). Scallion pancakes $1.50 is pretty good in this Flushing area - Radish cake tasted very fresh and not dense. The rest was not much to boast, but the prices made up for it. The Shanghai fried crude noodles did not come out the way their picture showed - the color was off, and it looked like a spicy dish with chili flakes - no chili flakes when the dish came as you can see in the picture.
When its grand opening it was very good, after a few months try try again the good are  getting worse, they use different chef 100%.
Great food! I always try a new dish when I come and I'm never disappointed. The closed for a couple of days for renovation (to move fridge in the kitchen for space). But they are back in business!
the food is the authentic and good for the value. beware of the arrogant and rude valet parker though.
I'm not recommend.  Because I don't really like their service. Also the food taste is so so, why they still can get the many good reviews! Unbelievable! !
HK Cafe in my opinion is somewhere between a 3.5-4 star restaurant. The duck noodle soup is a staple that I enjoy getting whenever I come. The HK milk tea takes a bit long to make, but it's made fresh. Overall all the food is good and comforting, but nothing extraordinary.
Here to order take out. Absolutely a mess. The front desk lady was busy getting orders right for a good ten minutes. Didn't even other if I needed help. Asked other waiters to help, still got no attention. Had to "yell" to get my order placed. Ridiculous.
I went there just to have a quick lunch with my parents. Ordered their famous hk milk tea and some dishes for lunch. Each and everyone of us got diarrhoea after visiting that place
This is one of the places serving good wontons. The soup base is not as salty as the other restaurants which can bring out the taste of the wontons. The fried noodles and fried flat noodles meet the standards.  Too bad that they do not serve E-Fu noodles which is one of my favorite.  The HK style milk tea is a little weak on the tea favor.  Will return to try more dishes...
Ordered a combination rice dish with red roast pork and roast duck. The roast duck pieces were a majority bone and had very little meat. Half of the pork was just fat, and the glaze was way too sweet - almost as if they had added sugar to the regular honey glaze. This was $7.99, definitely not worth it. Saves a trip to Chinatown though since it's one of the few places in Flushing that advertises itself as a Hong Kong style cafe.
The congee and wonton noodle soup here is really good! The prices are pretty cheap and the place is clean. The waitresses were also nice and patient with us
I am giving HK cafe 5 stars  --This use to be me and my family's go to Chinese restaurant when it was Lok Lok. I was really sad when they decided to change it to a steak and sushi restaurant. but they have opened up again and now offering more variety on their menu!Their wonton mein is the best in Flushing - and the sweet and sour pork chop is perfectly fried with the perfect amount of sour and sweet. The wait staff is so attentive and so honest. I went there for dinner last night, and left my wallet at the restaurant. They kept it for me and when I looked in my wallet, NOTHING was missing. All my money is there!This is a must go - and I def will be going back for more! Best part is now they open till 2am and have all the HK cafe yummie dishes, like french toast and baked spaghetti.
I was here around 6, I ordered 1 Milk tea (HK) style, and I'm still in the bathroom, something must be wrong with the milk tea!! Horrible!! Service sucks!! Front desk slow (I was here the first, second week grand opening), waited for so long for just wonton (taste nasty) and beef chow fun, I gave so many chances and I'm sure it will be my XXXXing last chance!! Do not believe all the rating here!! Lok lok originally taste bad and dirty, now I found out it's from lok lok, nah, NO WAY......
We had a large party of 15, with kids and 4 vegetarians. Service was excellent- friendly and responsive. Food was delicious- updated presentations and riffs on classic Cantonese banquet fare. Dishes were bright and naturally flavorful, without excessive salt or MSG. Appetizer platter featured customary jellyfish with sweet & sour daikon pickles, but also not so typical spare rib bits with fried/braised taro dice, and French fry-like fish tempura; but most unusual was crisp-chewy strips of pork bung! Whole chicken, hacked, was perfectly done and tender, steak in just-right bites, and lamb chops (is that Cantonese?) served med-well were juicy and soft with light breaded crust and mushroom/ pepper sauté in the middle. Vegetarians enjoyed excellent Buddha's delight with lotus root, mountain yam, snow peas, and several types of mushrooms, as well as a heaping platter of pea leaves stir fried with goji berries, and light noodle stir fry. Fried prawns coated in a curry-colored creamy sauce was actually a savory salted duck yolk sauce that reminded of Parmesan  cheese - umami! Fried rice finisher had  bits of shrimp and scallops and surprising sweet morsels of golden raisins. New plates changed at just the right times and empty tea and ice water promptly refilled. Live fish tanks were clean and fish looked healthy - a good sign. Heard that they have breakfast (big coffee urns behind counter), and lunch specials that are a real deal. Also observed bubble tea machine shaking up a batch. Decor is modern - lots of glass, open kitchen window, red table clothes (but paper napkins)- and bathrooms pretty clean (although, why do Chinese restaurants have to keep their mops and cleaning supplies in front of bathrooms?!) Valet parking available for a $2 tip - another good deal. New favorite.
The dishes weren't flavorful and not that good. The prices were inexpensive compared to other places though. Won't be coming back.
Husband loves coming here for the lunch special: oxtail over rice with soup and salad. I personally like the rice rolls with hoisin and peanut sauce, not too oily compared to other places and the preserved egg with pork congee (has enough dosage of ginger shreds for my liking )
I had the Shanghai crab soup dumplings and it was The Best in flushing..!!!!!! Their congee is on point because these people used to do sweet and tart the best congee in Manhattan and flushing.. The rest didn't try yet
Previously serving Cantonese comfort food, this restaurant then changed to a steak and sushi place temporarily before thankfully returning to Cantonese food. Parking can be challenging if one wants to find street parking. It's bus-accessible but not subway-accessible. Food is generally solid, including salt and pepper pork chop and the classic chopped chicken with the ginger/oil sauce. HK milk tea is good. Service is typical for these types of places, but our young waitress was particularly indifferent and insolent. She also happened to neglect to add an order and later forgot to make sure another dish came out.  A good meal nonetheless because of the food and the company. Only takes cash.
we were happy to check it out and came back a few times. the good: service is friendly and efficient. large menu and decent tasting foodthe bad: the pictures of the lunch selections have nothing to do with what you get. do not trust lunch special salmon that you on an huge electronic display. the portion is tiny and no asparagus (inspite of advertisement) included.chinese version of the russian borcht is quite tasty, but for some strange reason you can only have it with a lunch selection (which is limited and not really good). we offered to pay for this borcht separately, but they refused to service it. why?also, they charge $1.50 for a tiny bowl of rice. ridiculous! $18 walnut shrimp (tasty but very small portion) and they are too cheap to give you rice with that? wtf? they have bubble tea drinks. most of the time. on a busy saturday afternoon they were out of bubbles. we always order one of their drinks and the quality is inconsistent. the very first time, drinks were great. since then they are getting more and more watery.though quality of food and drinks rapidly declining, it is still a decent place for a family and kids.
I had their spicy lamb spine pot. Super good. Not expensive at all. Definitely coming back soon
I found Da Dong Bei randomly, like people used to do in the pre-Yelp era. It had no outside menu posted and then the menu had no descriptions so there was a bit of guesswork, but I asked the waitress about the smoked meat salad and ordered it. It included chicken, a pork item (knuckles I believe) and tofu. It has an intense flavor. You may not want to spend as much time dealing with bones but hard-core meat fans should check it out. Given the unusual menu and friendly service I'll probably be back soon.
Great Dong Bei food.Get the special stew for gods sake that's why they have this fancy table in front of you.
Tried this place about a year ago, at that time was not bad, today came back, experience was  horrible. the place dirty and disorganized, fishy smell when you enter the door, rusty objects scattered around the restaurant, no wonder they got B grade.  Food quality much worse than before especially pan fried food, waitress awkward service, predict the place will close down within 6 months, let's see.
Da dong be is a traditional Chinese northeast food restaurant. Most people don't quite understand what is traditional northeast Chinese food. While, they should come to this restaurant and give it a try. Sometimes I feel it's hard to describe what a dish looks like, basically they have a pot that allow you put fish, duck, chicken or goose along with some vegetables, tofu, rice noodle and some other food. Especially in winter, have a pot with everything usually makes you feel warm and happy. We ve been here for several times, every time we have different feelings. But considering some culture differences on food and cook, I am not expecting that people all understand me, but for me, this is really a nice place to make me recall the view and taste of my hometown
Came here searching for an alternative to Fu Run/Ran that serves Dong Bei food, specifically the much sought after cumin lamb ribs. This place has them and they are terrific. As good or better than fu run. The portion is larger and more expensive at $36, but more is better. This version was pretty true to the others I've had but was just expertly cooked, tender and succulent. The rest of the food we had was also good. It looks like the main draw here is the hot pots, which looked huge and really good. I would come back to get one but it would be hard not to get the cumin lamb. BTW it's listed here as Mongolian style lamb.
OK flavor, badly managed, MEAN owner, loud environment. Not recommended, and definitely not going again.I am from China and some of my local friends from NYC want to try some authentic Chinese food, so we went there. I would say I am a nice person and rarely give any bad review, but the experience of this time really makes me wanna say something.1. The flavor is authentic, but just about average level. I am originally from north China and I have tried a lot of deep pot stews like theirs. It might be relatively good in US, but please don't expect too much.2. The places is badly managed, especially the reservation system. I strongly doubted that if the owner really has such a long-time experience like they advertised, with such bad management. At beginning, we were told there was no table, even we called and tried to reserve 2 hours earlier. However, he promised he could leave a table for us if we could get there at 5:30, instead of our original plan at 6 pm. I got there at 5:32 and actually called him before that, he has already given our reserved table to someone else, and asked us to wait at reception, until all of us arrived to be seated. It was so embarrassing that we were instantly told that we could have our seats, instantly after my non-Asian friend came in, and carefully asked that if he could take that spicy, with some kinds of weird enthusiasm.3. The owner is really MEAN. After we were seated, we were told that we could only stay there to 7 pm, because another reservation has been taken with our seat. We would not even take those seats if we could be told before our waiting. Anyways, we ordered and got the food at around 6:10, and finished about half of it at 7 pm while talking. Then the owner came and ask us to leave since there were a group people came in. I asked if we could finish the rest of the food and we were not gonna order anything more. He gave me a weird smile, went back and ASK THEM TO WAIT RIGHT NEXT TO OUR TABLE. So we just left and give some tips in cash to the waiter, and told them that was an really awful experience. After I got home, I realized that he actually charged me for those 2 side dishes which are guaranteed free, as we re-posted their promotional blog.4. The environment is SUPER LOUD,  and it's really hard to hear your friends' talking unless you are yelling too. People are drinking, laughing and yelling like a typical street restaurant in China, which I would say I have used to that, but it's definitely not enjoyable. Anyways, I would not go there anymore. Wish you guys good luck that you could finish your meal there.
Classic Dong Bei flavor!!!!! Remind me my hometown! really like here! I will recommend my friends come over and try something here!
can not believe how dirty and messy this place is, go check out yourself! man, food is mediocre and hygiene is a big deal.  will never come back!!!
Let me start by I really like this place. Although I'm not from the northeastern provinces, but close enough and I've had enough authentic dong bei meals in China. I would recommend it to everyone who loves dong bei stews (乱炖）We made a reservation for four for a Saturday lunch. It's really great that they offer free parking! We arrived early and there was only one group. We were seated immediately. This restaurants were specialized in fish and goose pot. But probably they want to attract more people, they later introduced a lamb spine pot. We have two guys that are really into lamb, so we went with the lamb pot. When we were ordering, we wanted to order another dish fish head with flour cakes (鱼头泡饼), but the waiter was really honest and suggested it's too much for us. He's more than correct. We ordered five sides in total, oyster mushrooms, frozen tofu, tofu skin, and two orders of flour cakes.The pot was iron made and huge. Looks really authentic dong bei style. One star off for the lamb because they were really not lamb spine. They were not boiled long enough so not tender enough, also some pieces were really fat that even our lamb lover can't eat many pieces. But other than that, the stew base tastes perfect and all the sides taste amazing in it. The lamb stew comes with potato and corns for free. The size of the side is also really generous. $6 for 15-20 pieces of frozen tofu! Four of us were really full for $120 including tips and we packed about half of the lamb. I would definitely come back to try the fish or goose pot!
A fusion hot pot experience that is truly unique where melons, the winter and water variety kind take center stage in this restaurant. The broth is extraordinary in the sense that it is already rich and full bodied and the addition of melons cooking in the pot gives it another kick in flavor. If you like to drink the soup from the hot pots, you are definitely going to love the soupy broth here. On a down note, there are no individual pots. These are large community pots to share. We ordered the winter melon with the signature non spicy soup base and the ying/yang pot which had one side that was spicy(mah lat) while the other was the signature soup.The server punches your order into the iPad and the food starts coming out. Everything here is a la carte and may I add very fresh. We ordered the following that night:* slice fish and fresh fish paste in a piping bag* fresh ground beef balls, slice pork and lamb* vegetable platter that included. Pumpkin, nappa cabbage, mushroom, corn and radish.* Live drunken shrimp and fatty beef* Prime beef made into a meat dress and draped on a barbie like doll. Move over Lady Gaga!* tofu and tofu skins* noodles and eggsAs the food was cooking the servers helped us skim out the excess foam floating on top of the hot pot. This aesthetically made the broth in the pot more appealing. As we kept cooking and putting stuff in the flavors kept growing more intense and delicious. Towards the end of our meal the servers helped us cut the wintermelon and added them to the hot pot.We also ordered barbecue skewers of chicken, lamb and squid. These are cooked by the chef at the open grilling station. They were pretty tasty. There is a small station for you to prepare your sauce. Remember, if you parked your car in the Arcadia mall, make sure to get your ticket validated by the restaurant. Your discount for parking is linked to how long you dine at the restaurant . Great meal and a little more pricier than traditional hot pots, but you can't beat the quality, decor and service.
Just another hot pot restaurant in Flushing. I also thought it was a bit overpriced for the amount of food, but that usually applies to most hot pot places that aren't AYCE anyway.The broth was actually very flavorful and delicious. If you like tomato soup, please try the tomato oxtail soup. It was soo yummy and really gave all of the food some flavor. It also did not taste watered down every time they added more water to the pot which is always a plus.The yin and yang broth tasted very herbal and the spicy portion actually tasted very spicy! The spiciness kind of lingers in your throat so it was nice to switch between the spicy and non-spicy side of it. There was the average choices of hot pot foods like fish balls, vegetables, and the meats. Everything was displayed and plated very nicely. I recommend getting the vegetable platter because it had a lot of varieties, but it had a lot of mushroom options and not enough of vegetables.The skewers were about $2-3 each and it was very well seasoned. However, the beef was a bit chewy so I struggled a bit while eating it.The service was surprisingly slow even though there were only 2 tables there.. We had to remind them several times that they forgot some of the foods that we ordered and I had to call them several times for their attention.. However, they were pretty quick in refilling hot water in the pot and tea.Overall, it was an average hot pot place with a cute decor, but it's not really worth the price. It was overpriced and I left spending a lot and not full.
My expectations were quite low given the 3 stars it currently holds, but my experience surpassed it completely!My friend and I ordered the winter melon soup, Barbie beef, handmade fish paste, and a veggie platter. The soup was very flavorful and it did not taste like the usual MSG-filled broths that many hotpot places have. As you continue to cook food in the soup, the winter melon becomesMore and more infused into the soup. Closer to the end, the employees cut pieces of the edge of the winter melon into the soup. I honestly could have drank the whole soup haha.The veggies were fresh. If you check in you get free icecream. Staff were extremely friendly. They accept card. Interior is very beautiful. I would definitely come back to try their other stuff. Since it's not AYCE, expect it to be on the pricier end.
I love Niu Pot for multiple reasons: the decor, the great service, and most importantly the quality of food. Niu is definitely an Instagram-friendly restaurant, from their suspending, twinkling lights to beautiful black booths contrasting the white tiled walls; not to mention even the food presentation is on point, specifically the Barbie beef. My favorite thing about hotpot is a good, hearty broth that is more than just powder/msg with water. I can appreciate a broth that resembles a traditional Chinese soup enjoyed at home, meaning less additives and requiring good ingredients and time. Niu definitely captures this in their broths, especially the winter melon broth. Yes, it's $25 for one pot but it is definitely worth it because you're getting quality soup that's delicious and good for you. I drank practically the whole pot by myself because it was that good. I digress from the soup ... The Barbie beef ($18) is composed of short rib wrapped around a naked Barbie. Not only is it esthetically pleasing to the eye, but it's also very fresh and good. I also highly recommend trying their homemade pastes - I got the sampler and I loved each and every paste (fish, shrimp, cuttlefish, beef, pork&mushroom)Last thing I wanted to give credit to is the amazing service staff. Their English may not be perfect but they are willing to help and do their best. They consistently checked on our pot and helped cut up the winter melon for us towards the end of the meal. They also came by and parted the blood residues that float to the top; I've never had any server do that for me at any hotpot restaurant! TLDR: Niu Pot isn't an AYCE so don't compare the prices; hotpot is a relatively pricy meal but at least you'll get better quality food here. Order the winter melon broth, Barbie beef, and homemade paste sampler!
Niu Pot is absolutely fantastic! I'm a bit of a hotpot fanatic and have tried many, many different hotpot places yet this has to be my favorite.Yes, it is pricier than the AYCE hotpot places, but the ingredients are so fresh. Nothing is frozen. The fish balls and the beef balls are rolled on site. The vegetables and meats are some of the highest quality and freshest I've had in any hotpot places. The food is more than five stars already.I came for the winter melon hotpot which was to die for. Hotpot cooked in a winter melon? What's not to love? The broth is fresh and light and my favorite part is drinking the soup after, when it has all of the flavors from the meats and vegetables you cook in it.The house sauce is also amazing and tastes great with the beef.I'll definitely be back to try the pumpkin hotpot and to have the winter melon one again!
Environment is beautiful & clean. Good music and pretty comfortable seat. Servers are nice. BUT, if you are here for the quality of food, you will get disappointed with the portion size ( paper thin beef, lamb) flavor is ok. You can much "thicker" slide from little lamb 小肥羊 than here. Everything else is OK, just like other hot pot place. We ordered chicken pot & oxtail with tomatoes pot, it's alright not too impressive with the soup base.Finally yelp check-in gave us a cup of free greentea icecream, to reduce the disappointment. Sorry, no more coming back to you Niu, overpriced & Avg quality! Flushing offers much better choice !If u plan to come, it was not like how it used to be. (Like 2 weeks ago)
This place is out of the world! Worth the trip out of Manhattan!The name & photo does not do its justice. If you like seafood, the French lobster bisque broth for some hot pot action! It is a must try! It sounds boring & cliché but it first came with a table side flambé of lobster chunks and jumbo halves of shrimps in garlic & herbs! So tasty! While we enjoyed the sautéed crustaceans, the bisque was being prepared with the heads. When we were done with the shrimps & lobsters, the server brought out the bisque and poured into the hot pot. Then we began the hot pot with whatever sides we ordered. This was one genius & delicious 3 in 1 pot!The other must get was the winter melon hot pot. This would make the best tastiest soup or leftover at the end of the night. The melons soaked up all the essences of meats & veggies that we did hotpot with. Mmmm mmmm mmm! The service was great too! They helped you with the cooking for the lobster flamé part. The only flaw, and I'm not going to ding them, was that they didn't have a decent corkscrew to open wine with. & one of the server or maybe the hostess brought a beer bottle opener. ;) there is always room for improvement.
I would say this is a Taiwanese style Restaurant!I felt like I am at Taipei nowToday I ordered Salted pork chop over rice.It taste good, not too salty like other Chinese restaurants here in Flushing. They are now serving the lunch special now. Less than $10 you get a pretty good deal and a set!  I added $2.5 for shrimps(3pcs) and they are so fresh! Nice Will come back and try the hot pot.03/01/2018 the 5th time check inAdded some photo for foodies:)
Reservation made for 7:30 PM for a party of 4Fri eveningWe ordered the winter melon hot pot and several dishes from their BBQ menu. BBQ:Beef TonguePork jowlChicken wingsLambFishOyster in Lemon SauceOyster in Chinese scallion sauceHot Pot:Winter Melon baseBarbie Beef Seaweed knotsFrozen TofuFried Tofu skinTaiwanese QQ Noodles. Shrimp with HeadVegetable plate (nappa cabbage, pumpkin, string mushroom, lettuce)Shrimp with headService was good.  We had to flag the staff down a couple times since they were busy but they did make sure to come back to check on you.  They made a sauce for you but also have a sauce bar with multiple sauce options for you to make.Very spacious, not overly loud (really good hip hop music).I didn't leave or wake up overly thirsty.  My fellow Yelpers knows what this means.  This is on par (for me) with Mr. Hotpot (my favorite hotpot restaurant).
The dining experience was really awesome! The food is amazing and the servers are really nice! After reading the reviews I thought it will be a so-so experience. However, it was actually way better than what we expected! Highly recommended to people who love hot pot
We came for the hot pot because our usual spot had a really long line. This place had no line and looked to be fairly new so we have it a shot. The hot pot soup choices were interesting because you could get a Japanese pumpkin one and one in a whole watermelon however other than the cool factor, the soup was that flavorful. The presentation for the meats and veggies was nice unfortunately the veggies were wilted and there was a lot of meat in each order. We ended up getting some bbq as an appetizer and they were both way better than the main attraction hot pot. The only other saving grace was the free custard dessert we got at the end which was pretty tasty. The free ice cream we got was just regular vanilla so although I would normally rate a one star, this place gets two for the bbq and the free custard dessert.
We came here on a weekend for dinner and we didn't really need reservations. It can accommodate  big groups and it was very spacious. Beautiful LED lights hung from the ceiling. Great for using that as a background for pictures.For a group of six, we ordered two pots: Spicy broth (something I will won't get again. Way too spicy. You can't really enjoy your food while gulping down water) and the Japanese Pumpkin Crab broth (SO GOOD. Definitely a must get. The soup itself was amazing. Sort of creamy and brothy--hit the right spot for a cold windy night. Brought out the right flavors out when you dumped all the food in. At one point, I was just drinking the soup). The watermelon juice was really refreshing. But one pitcher could only fill up 4 glasses.One caveat was that the music they had on the speakers were too loud. I couldn't hear the person across from me. We were basically all screaming.
overpriced for average hot pot.  All the dishes are small sized.  For a table of 3 we spent $95 and were still hungry.  We ordered beef chuck, beef tendon, another beef, lamb, 3 diff veggies, 6 skewers, $15 Japanese crab pumpkin soup.  Was expecting the soup to come in a pumpkin like the other photos we saw but it didn't.  Staff was not very attentive.  Had to ask 2 diff times for refill of water when everyones glasses were empty.  The bowls for sauce are also very small.  Would not return.
I stopped by for a late lunch here on a Saturday. It was around 4pm and they still had the lunch menu out which was nice. I like how most of the lunch sets come with soup. The price was good, but like some reviewers mentioned the cut of meat wasn't great. There was a larger amount of fat on my grilled pork than expected. Some pieces  were all fat that I had to spit them out. The flavor of the grilled pork was good though. The order came with a small salad and a bowl of broth. The broth had large chunks of daikon and pieces of pork. The broth was lightly flavored and complemented the grill flavor of the dish. Please be aware that the dish comes with kimchi on the side of the rice and it is moderately spicy. The kimchi is on the bed of rice so if you do decide to pick it all out like I did the top layer of your rice may be a little spicy from kimchi residue. The decor on the inside has a ceiling with lights strung. We came during the afternoon when most of the seats were empty (interior is rather large), but I bet it is gorgeous and full of life at night. The hide of the cow pinned up along the wall was disturbing, I must admit. The bathrooms were clean and the staff speaks English. I would maybe come back to try something else on the menu.
Really enjoyed this place was worried that meat cooked in watermelon would taste funny but it was delicious . The staff was friendly and helpful when ordering . I would definitely recommend this place as I will be going back myself to try different things
Love this hot pot ! Another expected experience! The waitress are all so nice and thoughtful! Love the interior design as well. Lighting fixture is awesome
BEST. HOTPOT. IN QUEENS  (NON SPICY)Yup, I said it. Even though there's an abundant amount of hotpot restaurants in queens, this tops them all. Reason? easy for parking. comfortable seating. high ceilings. decent prices. fresh food. attentive service. good beer selection. oh did i mention they sell yakitori (BBQ skewers) also?Get: Winter melon Pot, seafood, fatty beef, anything with "home-made" label on it, because they really make it in houseAvoid: Barbie Short Rib Fatty beef . okay maybe just get it once. do it for the 'gram!for SPICY HOTPOT in queens, shift over to SPICE WORLD instead. you will not regret it.
The lunch menu posted looked so good that we decided to come here for lunch on a Saturday. The pictures on their lunch menu look very enticing but the food didn't match my expectations. The portion was skimpy for the protein. I did expect more for the price I paid. The service was also very lacking. We had to flag them down for every little thing including asking for utensils, asking for them to take our order, asking where is our food, etc. It's quite annoying to feel like you're forgotten. We were going to order dessert but we were so turned off by the service and they didn't bother to ask if we wanted dessert. Nice decor but I don't think I'll be back.
Awesome hot pot! It's fairly new restaurant. Although its slightly pricier than other hot pot restaurants I've been too, I found the quality of ingredients to be so much better. We got half spicy broth and half beef. The spicy broth was super spicy! Do not underestimate it, I have a high spice tolerance and I felt the heat. They offer veggie and seafood combo if you want to get a bit of each or just order individual servings of everything. Service was great! Will be returning!
Good quality, good environment  and good service, a little pricier than other hot pot place
We tried Niu Hot Pot for lunch during the winter and it was a great experience.  Their winter melon hot pot is unique and amazing.  Winter melon is considered a health food and good for your complexion.  The soup itself was delicious and hearty.  The vegetable and mushroom combo was great as were the beef and lamb add-ons we ordered.  The meal was very satisfying and the staff cut up the melon for a friend who was recovering from an accident.  Nice layout and decor as well.  Would recommend for business lunch and hanging out with family and friends in the evening.
Saw some reviews and came to try their winter melon shabu shabu which turn out to be pretty good , very spacious restaurant and no rush to made you eat and go , presentation of foods looks nice and clean but only the seafood platter is not attractive enough which is a little disappointing.
One of the most underrated hotpot place in flushing! This place is definitely my favorite of all that I have tried so far! The restaurant is clean with friendly staff, sometimes service is a bit slow but due to the packed amount of people coming in to eat at the same time..I always crave and get my cravings satisfied with the lobster hotpot  the server would light the pot and cook the lobster in pieces and shrimps in front of you. Let you enjoy the products then return to add broth into the pot for the following hotpot portion. Best broth ever mixing with the juice coming from the previous lobsters and shrimps that were cooked in the same pot.I always enjoyed ordering a side of pumpkin to put in the broth first and made it a bit sweeter; pumpkin is actually very good in hotpot! At least at this location it is..The beef were fresh and worth what you pay for! Buy hotpot is definitely on top of my list to share with people when they come to town to visit!!
I got the BBQ pork over rice lunch.  My wife got the marinated beef over rice. Pork was quite delicious and the beef was cooked right.  Both meal came with kimchi which was quite spicy.  The lunch special came with a salad and winter melon soup. The soup by itself was a bit bland. But with the pork and rice it was actually quite a good balance. We also got some skewers. Chicken, lamb, squid, beef tendon and sausage.  I really enjoyed the squid and sausage. The beef tendon were about a bit soft and almost fat like.  Overall, good experience. The ambience was very modern, the lighting was unique.
Try their new lunch menu which is pretty good.I had grilled steak over rice, the steak is tender and juicy and only 9 dollars, I think it's worthy and will try other item next time!
My rating is on the new lunch set.  This is my first time in this restaurant.  I don't usually go to Hot Pot restaurant but saw their new lunch set menu and decided to try them.Decor is beautiful with high ceiling, spacious with comfortable seating.  Lunch sets:(1) Mini seafood steam tower lunch set $9.95 - 4 stars - come with 3 steam trays, first with 2 large shrimps, corn and okra, second with a few large green mussels and a few clams (my kid kept saying the clams were really good), third with a very delicious winter melon soup.  It also came with a bowl of minced pork on rice and a small dish of kimchi.  (2) Grill steak lunch set $9.75 - 4 stars - come with a grill steak on rice, salad, a pot of winter melon soup and a small dish of kimchi.  The steak was grilled perfectly, char on the outside and rare inside.  The meat is a bit chewy but full of flavor.  Would recommend to add a bit of sauce over the rice.....(3) My lunch set happened to the best of all three, steam meatloaf lunch set $6.75 - 5 stars.  OMG, the meatloaf is the best I ever had.  It was so tender, better than my mom's.   It also comes with a small dish of steam vegetable, a bowl of rice, a pot of yummy winter melon soup and a small dish of kimchi.  I did not have a chance to try the kimchi as my kid ate it.  My only suggestion is to change the rice.  It was a bit mushy.DrinkWe were served with a glass of warm water, my first time but it was helpful after coming in from cold weather.lime winter melon drink $2 - 4 stars Dessert - ordered Mango Sago Pomelo 杨枝甘露.  Not the best with very little mango flavor.  I guess it is the wrong time to order this dish in March.  We were charged $6.50 regular price even though it should be $4.50 on the lunch menu.  The spoons were just too small.  Next time will try the milk custard instead.Service was good and bathroom was clean and big.Will definitely come back to get the lunch set again.  May even come back to try other things on the menu.
A warm and cozy hotpot place for the winter. The atmosphere was peaceful with light music. Servers were very attentive and food was on point.
I was very interested by their wintermelon pot, but in my opinion,  It was not impressive. This place is very expensive compared to other hot pot places that I have been to in Flushing area. For 2 people dinner, our bill ended up close to $100. We only order the following items:The winter melon pot, $25 for soup base, over priced, beef, lamb, scallop, fish fillet, spinach, fish tofu, mushroom, spam, plum juice and a beer.
My favorite hotpot place in flushing. The wait on weekends are around 20-30 mins at peak time. They have multiple options for the pot including the well known winter melon hotpot also the watermelon hotpot which both are served with soup inside the melons. I have yet to try the watermelon hotpot because I just love the winter melon pot so much! They have a lot of hotpot ingredients to choose from. One of my favorite is the shrimp paste and the fish roe ball. At the end of your meal you could request them to cut the winter melon in the hotpot for you and it taste amazing. They also have options to order the sewers which they make in a open grill that you can see from your table. The service is great and their decorations are always amazing.
Environment: Very clean and spacious.  A bit walk from 7 train, but it was worth it.Food: The broth is really tasty. Full of flavors. They have a lot of items for both hotpot and BBQ.  All of the food is clean and fresh.Service:  Staffs are friendly, and they filled up the water and broth without customer asking for it which is a huge bonus.Price: It's a bit pricey, we spent around $36 each for a party of 4. BUT regarding to the freshness and the cleanness of the food, the price is totally acceptable.
I had to come back for the seafood hotpot!! It is to die for - the lobster and shrimp are cooked with butter and fixings. Then you get to enjoy the lobster!! But wait there is more!! The servers ladle  in the seafood broth that was cooked in other shells.  It made the broth taste like lobster bisque!!!  It was creamy and velvety! We also got the mango pancake which was yummy
I get it. A chic version of a hot pot restaurant with its roots in tradition and culture, and its branches in modern refinement. For what this place is, it is executed well. Fresh foods, good service, stylish decor complete with leather tufted booths and cowhide wall art all complement each other well. Take away the tabletop burners and one would think s/he were in a Williamsburg tapas restaurant.Couple things that stood out:1) Reservations accepted2) Meat/fish/shrimp/etc-balls are all made in house. It is not the frozen stuff you find in the Chinese markets.3) In addition to hot pot, there are also BBQ options and something called a "steam pot."Why not a 5-star rating?1) Prices are too high. I get that high(er)-end dining comes at a cost, but at the end of the day, we're talking about Flushing, where amazing food at low prices is damn near a constitutional right. $20 for broth to be cooked in a melon, or $5 for 1/3 ear of corn is a HUGE NO-NO.2) There is a 2-credit-card-per-table limit. Poor business practice overall, but especially if you're charging Niu Pot's prices.
5th time coming here, it's getting worst! The first time I came here I left a very good comment, because food was very good! Now I'm changing it. Pork combination all fatty meat! Small portion and expensive! Take at least 30 mins for the order, all meat r not fresh! Will not come back.
This place is a bit off the Main spots but is walk-able.As soon as you arrive the Decor is very modern and Americanized (Tiles, High ceilings, Wooden tables and Metal Chairs (Couch if seated by the wall).Service staff was friendly to us.  They handed us 2 pages of list  of items that we want to eat.But during the dining i felt like i was forced to order (meaning they were overselling me the products).  Had to ask the waitress to add more soup half way.  (EDIT: early when we arrived by 6PM it was less crowded but after 7:30 PM it got busier and staff were less attentive).Price is a bit steep.  But is for the experience.  I didn't order the WINTERMELON (Extra $20 plus $3 per person). Since it was 2 of us.  We just order the Spicy numb soup base to start ($3 per person).  Soup arrives, Hot oil floating with Red hot chilly but is not that Spicy at all.  Flavorful soup that has plenty of herbs in it.Then we order 3 types of meat (Lamb, Pork Butt and Rib eye meat).  The quality of the meats are Freshly Cut and Tasty!.  Prices were about $ 9 to $ 14 per dish.(EDIT: Meat arrived freshly cut, but I don't think it was worth for about 10 slices of meat per dish.  Even tho it taste good, but I feel like the cost is a tad High).Side orders are A MUST!. Veggies, Tofu, Fish ball, Mushrooms (Ordered 5 sides were about $3 to $4 each).  They were pretty good (EDIT: But not worth to pay $ 4 for 5 pcs of a Small Amount of VEGGIES).There were also offering a grilled squid dish if you check in on Yelp, IG or FB.  But i didn't enjoyed it because it was  A BIT TOO SALTY FOR ME.  (Edit:  The dish is made to order and usually you'll be able to see one of the Chefs cooking in the center stage.  I just wish they put a little bit of sauce instead of just splashing it and cook it).For 2 people we paid about $ 70 total.  (Not including drinks, drank only water)Did we stuffed ourselves? YES. Was it good? YES (Edit : but not for the price) Would you go back again? (Maybe with a bigger group to order more).Compare to other Hot Pot places what would I say? (Clean, Spacious, Friendly and good quality food compare to those unlimited ones).(Edit) I personally I am spoiled by the Flushing cheap eats, but this places makes it a upscale "A-LA-CARTE" dining experience.  Each dish cost $$ and it adds up. Spicy broth was not super numb enough for me but good for Americans (you can request for a HOTTER level I guess).
Great hot pot place in Flushing. Their watermelon pot and pumpkin pot are amazing. They have great hot pot, barbecue, and dessert. Where else can you get all of these from one restaurant!? And they are not pricy!I'm very glad I've been here.
I ordered food from BBQ only, though I see many people ordered hotpot.Grilled oyster was phenomenal.  The cook washed and brushed away sand outside of the shell very carefully, then placed on the grill.  I tried the oyster in garlic with lemon juice only, its fresh and so yummy.  Definitely recommend, MUST try!BBQ meat, squid taste the same in pepper and herb, but fresh and cooked just right.
It appears that management has been reading the horrid Yelp reviews. Service was definitely not an issue for us on this Sunday evening at 6 p.m.Food: we ordered many items, but the things that really impressed us were the handmade fish balls and handmade beef balls. The fatty beef was okay, it was just displayed in a way that made the plate appear to have more beef than it actually did. Actually, all of the items were displayed to "look pretty" with little substance.Service: staff here is actually quite responsive (perhaps due to prior terrible Yelp reviews). Decor: the induction system is pretty smart - you'll have to try to burn yourself now. I like how tables are placed in a sparse manner - it's refreshing for Flushing. The ventilation system could use a little work, though.
Staff were friendly. We got a spicy pot - not too spicy - and a winter melon. Veggie/mushroom combo, seafood combo, drunken live shrimp, cuttlefish balls nice and fluffy....Rib eye beef was very good. Also enjoyed the refreshing kumquat lemon drink and grilled items.
Avid Hotpot Fan, Extra watermelon enthusiast. So when I walked by the restaurant and saw that they had watermelon hotpot. I was baffled and instantly wanted to try it.  Came in with my family and was not impressed. 25 dollars for the watermelon broth that comes in an actual watermelon but the broth was bland and did not have any taste to it. If you are imagining a sweet watermelon flavor, you imagine wrong because it was not like that at all. We ordered razor clams, squid, fish paste, shrimp paste, their various beef dishes and all in all I was not impressed, yes some of their items seem to be handmade such as their shrimp and fish paste but it didnt have much flavor too. Everything was really bland. EXCEPT their watermelon juice that you get with the watermelon broth. It was not bad. Service:  The servers were all nice people.. but I could not hear them over the loud speakers, and it was frustrating because it was not even that packed ( about 6 tables,) and there was 3 servers  and we constantly had to ask for water, ask them to refill certain things at the sauce station which was sooooo empty. It's like they forgot all about the sauce station.  Overall, their service needs improvement. Atmosphere; they blast american music but do not speak an ounce of English. Conclusively, I would not recommend this place.
the pot was great . Lobster was so fresh,and I like the way they cook the oyster。also the meat is thick than other hot pot。if u order the lobster pot，they will give u alots of vegetables and mushrooms, just side order a beef, and it enough. Much cheaper than I sought
Food came out one at a time. Basically ate each dish as it came out with a group of 5. Kept getting our orders wrong but hey we got a free dish that they didn't put on the receipt. I used to like this place but I wouldn't recommend to anyone anymore
This is one of my favorite hotpot restaurants in flushing. They have all the sauces you'll need unlike some places that doesn't have Sha cha sauce or peanut sauce. Their famous pot is the melon pot which they make a soup out of. The soup base is a little bit pricier but in the end it's a good meal.
Now, introducing the Watermelon, your new shabu-shabu pot! Or honeydew. Whichever you choose.Have some fun with the drunken shrimp and scare the living hell out of your beloved ones. Every dish at this restaurant is remarkably memorable, and tasty at the same time. I suppose that can be hard to do. The herbal stew and the spicy soup both finished first and now I have to order the Yin-Yan style again. Sheesh.I have to say, I got the sense of high quality meat and fresh veggies at this restaurant and I would gladly come back for another feast extravaganza. Oh, and also the watermelon juice. Yum.
My favorite hotpot place in flushing. Yes, better than Mr. Hotpot. Reason? First of all, it's healthier food. The soup taste lighter than any other places, but still yummy. You know what I mean, no MSG flavor. And I love their sauce bar. A lot of choices, and all sauces are thick, you can tell they didn't add in water like other places do. The veggies look very green and fresh. Other than the food, I like their decor too. Super chic and the high ceiling lets you feel very relaxed. The desserts are awesome, definitely worth to try. The only suggestion I have is, maybe they can turn the music down a little bit, so that I can actually hear what my friends say when they sit next to me lol
FOOD POISONING!Three of us went 10/28 night and we all ended up diarrhea from last night to today. DOH should check the food quality of this hot pot restaurant. If you want end up with diarrhea, go to this restaurant!Or if you want a quick way to lose some weights with out concerning paying $$$, go there!
Niu pot is highly recommended dinning place. Artistic presentation, fresh food, friendly service, modern ambience and seasonal music. A great place to have dinner for family and friends!
Hot pot at its finest at this quite expensive establishment.  Instead of using a traditional pot to hot pot, you have a choice of using a half hallow melon or watermelon, a quite unique experience you cannot find anywhere else.  This will cost you an additional $20 + $2 a person, and don't forget the food too.  There was two of us and our bill came out to about $125 including tax and tip.  The fish balls they have are made fresh I think, and so are the beef balls that my friend ate.  The food is pretty fresh but I don't know if it justifies the premium.  The table set up is a bit not conversation friendly, the table was a bit long,  my friend seemed kind of far away lol.
My first time visit and very satisfy with the food.  I love the ambience and design of the restaurant. I didn't order the melon soup base because my friend said it was just plain soup and it was $20 plus $3 per person for the melon.  I was also looking for something spicy.  They provided us with premix house dipping sauce which wasn't bad.  The soup base wasn't bad but typical with other hotpot restaurants.  I love the melon drink with a twist of lime and it served me well since it was a non drinking night for me.I ordered a little of everything.  I loved the cuttlefish, squid, shrimp balls, and especially their rib eye.  Everything was al carte and very fresh. Free grilled squid with a yelp check in.The only reason this restaurant didn't get a five star review was because their waitress ran after me for tips.  When did America become a country where gratuity is required and your wait staff will chase you down for tips?   However, I did put the meal on my cc and I thought a way to help the wait staff by leaving 20% of gratuity in CASH.  One of the other wait staff took the bill and cash and one of the co worker ran after me for tips which I thought was disgusting and rude.  I should have asked for my money back for such disrespect.  She should have check with her co workers before chasing down a customer.   Only Chinese place does something so embarrassing with no self respect.  Conversation with the Waitress:Waitress- WAIT WAIT.....Me- Turned around I thought I forgot something at first...Waitress- You forgot to leave me a tip? Showing me the CC receiptMe- No, I didn't put anything down because I left you cash and the other guy took it.Waitress- Really...who was it? ( she thought I was lying)Me- The guy with the hat and tattoo and you should check with himWaitress- In disbelief...she walks  away
Love the service and the winter melon soup. Clean and comfortable seating. Everything is super fresh. Price reasonable as well. You don't really need to use much sauce and can still enjoy the food.This is definitely No 1 on my hotpot list.
Heard about the wintermelon hot pot, and came here to see what all the fuss is about. We arrived before 6:30 on a Saturday night,  and we need to wait for about ten minutes before we get seated (the waitress did get us a menu while we were waiting ) The restaurant is pretty small compared to other hot pot restaurants, so if you come with more than four people,  you may consider making reservations. The wintermelon is placed in a pot, and you cook everything in the wintermelon. After you are done, the waitress would cut up the wintermelon for you to eat.Honesly,  other than how cute the wintermelon looks in pictures,  the food quality is just the same as other hotpot places in Flushing, the broth in the winter melon is good,  but not worth the $20 + $3/head.  The electric stove, however, is more powerful than other places, we often need to lower it so that the broth wouldn't spill. Our bill came to $40+ per person, which is more than AYCE hotpot places, and we didn't order a lot of food.
I tend to usually go to hotpot restaurants a couple of times before I decide to leave a review based on their consistency. The past few times I've been here the winter melon soup base has been great! This is my third choice if I'm looking to have hotpot, but if I'm feeling a great tasting soup base, this is the place I'm going to come to. The quality of the meat is also up to par with other hotpot places in flushing. The only reason this modern hotpot restaurant would a lose a star from me is because the service is extremely slow. If you're at a hotpot restaurant, you want to get your uncooked food fast so you can start cooking. They also never speak to you again after you order food, the only time you'll see them is if you scream across the restaurant to ask for water. I enjoy dining here very much and It would be great to see an improvement in that.
I've always had mixed feeling about Hot Pot places - they never seemed to live up to my expectations. I did enjoy this place as it was unique in the sense that they used a winter melon as the hotpot (literally why I came). The food was decent - they have pre-made sauces as well as a sauce bar for you to whip up your own unique sauce. The service was slow and the staff didn't seem as helpful to my table of four. It took them a while to come refill our cups, help us cut our melon and it was annoying that some of the staff tried to talk to us in Chinese - which isn't the dialect you understand. Overall, an okay experience - unique and fun but rather pricey for that winter melon.
If you live near flushing you probably will try every place once.  This was one of those places we tried.Came here with my wife her friends.  We got here early so we didnt have to endure what some yelpers had encountered.Food: Mediocre, not the worst hot pot place, quality wise.  Decor or not most the meat plates were slices of meat on top of raw vegetable to give the illusion that you got more than 6 slices for your 8 dollars.  Good thing they have cheap skewers to fill you up.Ambience: Warm interior, high ceiling, well ventilated.  Good stuff.Service: Terrible, first hot pot place where they dont add broth or even offer.  Server was confused which skewers were ours.  Saw one of the servers save unused vegetables from another table. Yeah you can imagine where its going, Back YOUR plate.this business going for maximum profit at customers expensive. Good business model but cant hire smart enough employees to mask it.
Service and food : excellent Soup is sweet without msgQuality of meat is high gradeCustomer service : all waters and waitresses are so nice
We ordered spam meat, but instead of that, the waiter gave us something else we didn't order.My friend found a black short hair in the sauce!!!!!! That was so disgusting!!!!!!! The price is high, and the sauce you have to ask them to refill again and again, because every time they only give you a little. And you cant choose the sauce, it's not self service, they only have sesame and soy sauce. The BBQ oysters came when we almost finished everything, when we check out, we were told that the BBQ chef and waiters' tips are separate. Will never go again!!!
The beef here is top quality Prime beef and is super good, this isn't an average hot pot with run of the mill ingredients.  I also don't see why everybody complained about the sauces when they bring a sauce station to your table, there's no need for self-service.It's in a great location and within a 5-minute walk to the Main street train station, you also can't go wrong if you get the winter melon hot pot.  I noticed almost every table had them and there's a reason, the broth is unique and adds flavor to the meal.  I'll probably be back during the cold months.Also I don't know why people complained about prices, my group spent about 50.00 each, including tip, and we wobbled home with happy full stomachs after what seemed like twenty plates of ingredients.
Me and my family love hot pot, unlike any others hot pot place too much msg, Niu pot is the best way to eat in healthy and happily. My toddler also love the hot pot soup, finally we can all eat together the same pot. Melon and seafood pot is our favorite, live seafood steam in front of your table, waiter will tell you when is the best time to eat. Great hot pot experience here, sure will come again.
Omg!!! Don't know where should I start?! My hubby and I are total foodies so when we found out that there's this new hotpot place in Flushing, we just had to try it out! We went in with four other friends and got so much food!!! I really like the idea of the 冬瓜盅 hotpot with the 走地雞, I had never even heard of doing hotpot with neither things and it was awesome, the favors were so rich and yummy - the dishes made my tummy happy!!! They also have 西瓜盅 hotpot, when we first saw it we were like "what?!" But we saw a few tables getting it and they seem to be really enjoying them so we will try that out next time we go. Also when you order the 西瓜盅 hotpot it comes with watermelon juices!!!The decor is very chic and modern, also very clean (very important to me since I'm a clean freak)! The foods are all very fresh, love their freshly made shrimp balls, beef balls and the USDA prime beef!!!Even though this restaurant is still very new, it was jam packed when we went last night, this is the new happening hotpot place in Flushing!Oh, I also like the fact that you feel so roomy and comfy in there having hotpot and their ventilation system is really good with high ceiling so you don't leave smelling like hotpot!!!I always try to end my meals with something sweet, they have this 雙皮奶, OMG!!! Must try - so darn good!!! I am obsessed and I know I will be craving it, just so delish!!! Yum Yum!!!We travel and eat everywhere and I always read tons of reviews but I never really do them, hubby does, I am just too lazy... I'm writing them a review because I can't believe all the negative reviews here, gotta give them a shout-out, especially since I fell in love with their 雙皮奶...
Walking by a brand new establishment with big open glass and seeing the faces of satisfaction, why not give it a shot. This here, a hidden gem in the abundance of authentic and nothing short of amazing food in Flushing. What this place brings to the realm of the  Asian cuisine mecca, is simply refinement and thought. It's as simple as serving high quality ingredients with an atmosphere of forward fashion. It brings new light into a world of hole in the wall places where you can proudly bring a out of towner and say, "yea this is my hometown." It raises the bar for what Flushing is known for like many other new establishments that are popping up all over this neighborhood. Now onto the moneymaker. A la carte style hot pot, top quality ingredients, amazing bbq items(weird for a hot pot place but a must try...Trust), and great service (few kinks here and there that I'm sure will be worked out once they got more time under their belt). Tried the winter melon special and the chicken broth was clean and flavorful. The meats were exceptional. I can't tell you how many times I've been to a hot pot place and the meat was frozen, mediocre, and I'd have to think twice about under cooking it, but the meat here was good enough for a meat snob like me to probably eat raw. The bbq items were a surprise, in a ever so good way. I didn't know what to expect from it but satisfaction was achieved. The items were served in a tapas style small plate form bursting with umami. From the squid, beef tongue, oysters and prawns, I would come back here just to eat the bbq items.The direction this new hip spot is on, the wait time for prime time is going to be brutal. I'm glad I found it and I'm glad it's not that well known yet because I'm a fan. Stay fat mother suckers.
Nice new place for hotpot. It was their innovation that drew me there. They put broth in winter melon/watermelon/squash then put it into a pot, as if you are having hotpot with a melon as your pot. Food is a bit on the small side. Their sauces are pretty good tho. Instead of traditional sesame sauce with too much water like other places, they blended a special 9-flavor sauce with a sesame sauce base. This place offers good Chinese barbecue too. Worth a Try!!
When I first heard about the winter melon hotpot, I thought it sounded weird and somewhat gross. However, after having tried it at this restaurant, I admit it changed my mind. The winter melon is not an actual melon, but more akin to a pumpkin and daikon. The melon hotpot tasted okay after the soup was cooked, but can't say it was worth the extra $20. The next time I come, I plan on ordering their normal hotpot.Place had a modern atmosphere, which I really liked. The hotpot soup was fresh with little or no MSG.Recommend prime beef, beef tongue, fried tofu, corn ,mushrooms, vegetables. Lambs have a particular odor, so check with those on your table before dipping a piece in the soup.I also recommend you order a small portion first and add on more as you eat.
Tried this New hot pot place which is quite different from all the rest. Not a very big place but It's special is a winter melon hotpot which they put in a whole chicken cut up which makes the soup hearty. Taste like homemade soup. Definitely going again. One girl named Nicole did wonderful job in making us feel comfortable as we waited Bcuz at first she told us it's about 1/2hr wait but turned out to be an hr.Food was good and satisfying. They have this chief/chef cooked food specials steak was was good. Oysters with the xo sauce was super tasty.
Expensive and a total rip off. They come in very small portions for $5-6 and the meat is $13-20 in very small portions. I don't recommend this place at all. Came here today with a party of three and got the pumpkin broth, 1 fish tofu, 1 beef rib eye, 1 spinach, 1 enoki, 1 crab meat and 1 fish ball and the total came out to $80 and wasn't even full. Save your time and go somewhere else that's an all you can eat hot pot buffet. I hope they shut this piece of trash place down. P.S- They buy EVERYTHING from Chung Fat supermarket down the block and their overpriced menu items they charge you is crazy since everything in that supermarket is cheap.
Delicious,  fresh, fun and an immaculate place! Service was attentive. Beef very good quality.  A bit pricey but it's worth it!  You get what you pay for.  The water melon and winter melon hot pot were super fun and unique!Yep, it was my first time at Niu..
The main reason I'm only giving 3 stars is the service at Niu which needs to improve and improve quickly.  Flushing is a hustling and fast-paced environment with countless restaurants and great service (not just food) is required if a restaurant wants to be in business.  That being said..   the issues with service was not just me but two other separate patrons as well.   Upon being seated the waiter brought me a lunch menu and after taking my order and realizing that I might be interested in the regular menu he brought it and asked if I wanted to hold off on my original selections.   I said yes to wait.  I chose a few items from the regular menu and told the waiter I wanted to replace the new items with what I ordered initially.  The guy checked and basically said the order already got put through.  I was a bit irked but being that it'd save me money I let it slide.  So I just ordered a couple more items and that was it.   The food was decent but definitely not so great that I will want to come here again.
The customer service there is bad. We are almost $146, there and paid 15 percent tip there. The waitress told us if we paid cash, we will get $5 discount. So we paid cash in order to get that discount. We already paid $19 for tips. However, the waitress came back to us and told us we did not pay enough tips. We did our calculation and I think we did it right, but we still add $3 more on the tip.  However , the waitress still told us that we pad $5 less for the tips ..... so I told him..... u forgot the $5 discount that u said u gave us because we paid cash. ..... how stupid of the waitress in this restaurant ,for the $5 tips to make their customers feeling so bad after the dinner and actually it is their mistake on calculation.  I will never come back to this restaurant any more.Please if your restaurant need your customer pay an requested % of the tips, please put the required percentage and amount on the bill..... don't ask your customers to do their calculation because not all your customers are good on the mathematics !
First time here, they have a watermelon hotpot that looks very interesting. Other than that, it seems to be your traditional hotpot place. Hope this place will be good and stay for awhile since I live close to it.
Stopped by today and had the beef noodle soup and the flank steak over rice.  Nice, clean place not much character.The prices were good but the quality of the meat in both dishes was really poor.  The soup had fatty beef with lots of cartilage and the flank steak dish should have been called grizzle over rice.  It was seasoned well but could barely be chewed.Won't return.
Nice chic hotpot restaurant. The wintermelon pot for hot pot is pretty damn cool although it's not a new concept. I can't say it was anything exceptional, hence the 3 stars. But it's got potential and a nice place to bring friends to for something less ordinary. Service was fine as well. Adequate food and adequate service.
I would give this place a NEGATIVE 5 star if I could. WARNIG: come here at your own risk! I've never had to write such a bad review about any business on Yell but I'm absolutely adamant about this place!! The staff here are not only clueless and incompetent but the my also LIE to patrons in their face about there mistakes. Here is our experience today: after waiting for over 30 minutes, one of our party incidentally overheard the hostess giving our table to someone else and telling them to keep quiet about it. When we confronted the staff, a guy with bald head and glasses LIED to us and alleged that the other party, who does not have the basic common courtesy to wait for their turn, "made reservations earlier in the day" when the hostess already admitted that she made a mistake! We then requested to speak to a manger, the bald head LIAR claimed he's the manager!! Wow, beware people, the MANAGER at this place is a LIAR!! They don't have the basic competency to seat the patrons in order but then insults our intelligence by LYING about it!!! Message to the OWNER: if you want to stay in business in the competitive Flushing market and in this bad economy, you need to hire staff that are at least HONEST! Otherwise, you are wasting all your money spent on advertising and marketing. Message to the bald head LYING so-called manager: don't insult your customer's intelligence and go get another job bc you do not deserve to be in the service industry!! We will also be voicing our discontent to our friends and on other social medias. RESPONSE TO THE OWNER: While I appreciate you taking your time to read and respond to Yelp reviews, I can unequivocally reassure you that there is absolutely no misunderstanding or miscommunication between anyone and especially between your manager and hostess. Not only did one of our party member clearly heard the conversation in which the waitress told the cutting party to stay at the table and stay quiet AFTER they refused her demand for them to leave the table but I specifically asked the hostess to stay during the entire conversation we had with your incompetent manager. Furthermore, there were plenty witness to the entire conversation exchange where your manager pretty much admitted his DISHONEST conduct. Whether you as the owner wants to take affirmative steps to correct and properly train your staff or let them take your business down is completely up to you. But the fact remains unchanged that we caught your staff's LYING in action. I have already wasted enough time on this unhappy event.
I wish I can give this restaurant negative grade if I cloud . Today is my first  time coming here and it is LAST time,because it was a HORRIBLE dining experience here. I wont recommend this place to any of my friend but tell them do not come to this place otherwise you will definitely regret!!!First of all, servers' attitude are extremely rude .We've been seated at a corner when we came in, but at that time lots of tables were empty! Since this is our first time coming so me and my friend have no idea how to make a order, and nobody come to us to give a introduction of how to do it . So my friend just put three for each item she wants,  because she thought it's going to be very little for one order. Agent we done with ordering, one server took our order without confirmed with us  or noticed us how a big is one order and if we order too much cause of it's only for us two!  So when the server brought out so many the dishes on table , we realized we did order too much cause each one comes in a large portion, so we asked them right away is we could get some of the food returned since we didn't touch them and it just came out, we also apologized for the inconvenience. One server told us yes, but there is another server came over  and told us very rudely that we can not return the extra untouched dishes.He continued explained that the eggs are all from cans so can't be returned (Ridiculous! Have you ever heard the whole egg come from a CAN??? Or who can tell me you can eat 3 dish eggs =10 Pcs Eggs on 1 dish?) I couldn't stand his rudeness and unreasonable excuse so I request to talk to manger or boss, he responded that they were all absent today.I was so mad at the time cause of his rude attitude not just because he refused to return the extra food. And the worst is since this happened he never come to our table to check us. NON PROFESSIONAL AT ALL!!At that time I really want to immediately leave, I don't want to stay anymore!But I don't want my friend embarrassed,So I still adhere to eat the hot pot.It's not finish yet!Second we found the lettuce had a small DRAIN FLY on it!!! We couldn't believe what we saw, and it suddenly made us all too sick to continue to eat ! Finally, to be honest I have to say this restaurant doesn't taste good at all and some food are not eatable! And the service are horrible! You consume the amount of money and you get service, has serious deviation!I had a 'memorable' dinner today!But I still left a 15% tip, because i don't want other severs lose tips!Not recommended!Will not come back again!！The Flushing have so many places more better better to hotpot than Niu pot!
very good taste excellent servers its my first time came to niu pot from yelp i saw so im so excited about this i order the lobster pot love it and they offer me they news said share it to moment u will get free dessert drink，woop nice so i do it right the way taste good the hot pot is amzing they also got bbq too gonna come again for it
Came here on a Saturday afternoon at 1PM for lunch, and there was no wait for a table for three. Upon ordering, I recommend choosing the broth base that comes in either 1) A winter melon or 2) Water melon just because it's so much more fun cooking your food inside a melon! The restaurant is not all you can eat, and the quality of the food is decent. What one of the previous review mentioned is true, majority of the staff here are Mandarin-speakers that does not speak a lot of English. If you are not a native Mandarin speaker, and make a request in English the waiter would grab another waiter that does speak English, which can cause a delay in service. The waiters are not rude and our food came in a decent pace. We ordered both raw food for hot pot and grilled food hrough the checklist they provided, and I must say, the beef selection is fairly small. The plate of beer we ordered were in small portion, but it was on top of a huge bed of lettuce to make it look more than it is. One unique thing Niu offers aside from the melon pot is that they hand craft all their fish balls, and they have this thing called seaweed rice cake which taste like daikon with pudding texture. I recommend trying it, I have not saw that anywhere else in NY.One thing I highly recommend ordering (MUST TRY!) is their grilled section on the second page on top of drinks. I understand you're inside a hot pot place, but Niu have a bbq grill in the back that can serve their patron as appetizers. Try the beef rib slices with their special sauces, the beef rib slices is made medium rare like steak and the sauces pairs very well together. Definitely made my tummy a happy place to be.If you check in on Yelp, you're also provided a free order of grill BBQ squid. Hooray! The grill squid wasn't anything special, but it was well season. It did took a while for our table to received it. It is one grill squid per table, despite various check ins. Our bill came out to be $40 a person, and we were all very full. The ambience inside the restaurant is very modern with wooden bench tables with a hot pot stove in the middle of each table. The walls are white tiles, and the music being played were jazzy Christmas tunes. Niu is definitely what I consider a more high end hot pot restaurant, but for the service and the ambience you're provided I left as a happy diner and will definitely come back.
Niu Pot is definitely pricier than the average hot pot place, but I left very full and very happy! We got the winter melon soup, along with an assortment of very fresh meat and veggies. My favorite was the drunken shrimp - so good raw! - and their fish balls, which are stuffed with roe. Their modern interior and huge tables makes your dining experience very comfortable - you don't feel as if you're blocked in by mountains of food - but it is a little hard to talk to the people across from you!
The idea of melon pot is great, but it should at least have some decorations for the price.I can hear waiter and waitress talking and laughing in Chinese. It very unfortunate for customer like be me, because I cannot understand them. The price is high in flushing, but ok compare to other place in the city. But nothing stands out in terms of the service or the taste.
Really nothing to rave about.  Staff wasn't very friendly.  Food was just ok.  Didn't understand the melon hot pot.  They cut the winter melon and put it in the hotpot with some water on the outside, and soup inside the melon but it was small and deep.  Couldn't really cook out of it.  Doesn't look like it was meant for sharing but the price for it for one person is a lot.  Food selection wasn't great.  Only thing that was good was that they have a wide variety of beer to choose from.
What is the point of having store hours if you are going to stop serving people an hour before you close? At 11:03pm, on a Saturday, my party of two was turned away even though they are supposedly open until 12am.
very bad seating system! And service as well.We came here around 6 30pm, and have been told that there is a large group of people are dine in right now, so we need to wait approximate 40mins. we choose to wait, because there is only one group of two people in front of us. After around 30mins, there are two groups of four came in. It looks like the large group is almost done, and we were dying to eat. However, they put the four-people in first, because the former large group is using the table that has two stove to fit in 4 people. And for us, they just say wait for the two people table is available. And there are two two-people table are getting checks now. Alright, after 1 hour and half waiting, we finally got seated. Hope the manager will improve the seating system. One star for the contemporary decorate.
Really not what we were expecting. Our neighboring table found some small flies in their winter melon pot, which I found that disgusting. We left right after. Food was pretty fresh, service is mediocre. Hope they will provide a better service and be more careful on the food they serve. Don't recommend. It's the same as any other place. It's probably the winter melon pot that attracts people.
Giving them one star is even too much. I don't understand what the hype is about. Came here on a Sunday night at 6:00, they told us the wait was 40 minutes. It's been 1h40minutes and we still didn't get our table yet. Every single time we went up and asked, she would say 'the next table is yours'. But she also said that to 3 other customers. At the end, we had to combine table with other customers and sat right in front of their bathroom. Their food is overly priced and small quantity. Service sucks, no smiles and waited 10 more minutes for the menu to come. Won't be coming here again, very disappointed.* they have pre-made sesame sauce for you to dip, and different sauce jars when you ask for it. When the sauce jar doesn't have any more sauce and I asked for a refill. They came back saying there's no more sauces but later on I saw it on another table. *waited 20 minutes for food, they served the wrong meat to my table. When the tray of food came, I asked the waiter where the homemade fish paste is and he clearly did not know. The fish paste does not have any flavor to it. *we ordered the winter melon pot and the bottom was burning, they did not come and add any water to it until we asked.
for a hotpot lover i was excited to try this place but was extremely disappointed. there were not a lot of choices for a non-ayce hotpot place. it was expensive and the beef portion was so small but so expensive! we ordered the wintermelon pot and they gave us the smallest wintermelon which made me wonder how 4 people can actually eat out of it. we had to have them give us a bigger one..i def will not be eating here again
3.5 starsThe meats were really nice and tender.  The portions are rather small.  They place the meat on top of a high bed of lettuce.The soup base that we got (herb chicken) was okay.Veggie portions were good, but seemed like nothing once cooked.I go to hotpot mainly for the sliced meats, so I was content.  My wife is picky, and she didn't like that they do not have a sauce/condiment station.  Instead, yo get a communal mini bowl of hot oil, and a dry XO.  Also each person gets a mini bowl of sesame paste, and a wet hot sauce with shallots.They grill food for you too on a grill which is in the back of the restaurant.Service is very good.  The place looks nice and clean.  The white tiles make it look like you're eating in a bathroom, remarked my MIL.I would go back... my wife said she will not.  So I guess I'll have to bring another girl, HAHA
The staff is unhelpful, rude, and overall bad. I made a reservation, and showed up 10 minutes before my time. One female staff said they were cleaning up a table for us, then another staffer gave our table away to another party. We then had to wait 30 minutes for a table. Nobody came go check up on our table, and while they came to our neighbors to cut up their winter melon, nobody came to offer to cut ours. We then had to complain to multiple people just to get our parking ticket paid for the full 2 hours, even though we wasted 30 minutes since they gave our table away. Apparently even though we had 2 cars, our free 2 hours was split into one hour per car. However, they do not mention a car limit at all. Their website says there is free parking but it's really not. The garage was also rude, and made us pay for a full hour because we were 2 minutes over our time limit. We were 2 minutes over because we had to wait for someone to come help us.
It was interesting how it was hotpotting in a wintermelon but it was really expensive and there wasn't a lot of food. The wintermelon itself was $20. I don't it was really worth it.
My overall experience was very positive at this restaurant. We came here a few nights ago for  dinner, and was promptly seated.Location: It was within 5 mins walk from the main street subway station. It is on Main St and occupies a fairly sizable section at the street corner so very hard to miss.Interior: Very modern and spacious, super high ceiling. There's plenty of space for everyone, seating, walking, and waiters/waitresses. Most restaurants try to cram as many tables/seats in as little space as possible....Service: Impeccable... I felt like I was in a Michelin star restaurant. The waiter gave us a quick run through of the menu, some recommendations, as well as some specials for the day. All waiters/waitresses were very attentive the whole time - changing plates, adding soup (for the hot pot), refilling water/tea...etcFood: Hotpot Food menu items were very fresh, BBQ menu tastes great! I've added some pictures so you can see yourself. Desert: You have got to try the MILK PUDDING... it is SO GOOD, period. Leave some room because you might want a second serving.Very impressed with this place and definitely coming back!
Honestly, I don't understand all the negative reviews for this place. I have to say my experience here was excellent!Service A++BBQ Food A+Cleanliness A++Only downside is the pricing on certain items such as the rice and udon $2-$4. However, I expected if you simply look at the decor and location. The wait staff was extremely attentive, maybe because it's a slow weekday. If it is busy, it is understandable if the service is a bit slow since the staff might be overwhelmed. - Our servers changed the plates 4+ times.- Waiter was not pushy, he suggested that we ordered enough and could order more later if we are still hungry.- Water pitcher was always refilled- Empty plates were cleared away promptlyIt was my graduation celebration, so we ordered a bit more. the bill for 4 ppl came to about $170 including tip. I would definitely recommend this place.
Good environment, great service, high quality meat, good experience here!! Everyone should give a try~~~
It's actually my second time in niu pot,  we ordered the winter melon pot, the soup was great and flavorful and it doesn't make me thirsty after eating like other hot pot restaurants do. Their beef is definitely high quality，MUST TRY!!! I also like their atmosphere and their interior decor, feel like eating in an upscale restaurant in Williamsburg, very trendy and classic. The best part is my jacket didn't smell like hot pot after. I guess this is probably because they have very high ceiling. My experience dinning in niu pot was excellent and wish they will open one in the city soon.
The place is clean, and the food was delicious. Loved the whole winter melon pot idea. If you're not afraid of beef tongue, get it! They gave us a large amount of it. Watermelon juice was fresh and yummy. A bit pricey, and would recommend coming here with more than two people. I would probably come back again for the pumpkin pot with a group of friends. Overall pretty good, but service could be better(no tea was served till later after we ordered, and the waitress had to ask again if we had ordered after 10 minutes in putting in the order, took awhile for the raw food to arrive). Overall a 3.5 experience, rounding it up because of the food.
Food it's just average, just like any other hot pot places in flushing, service is ok. They dnt have a sauce station tho, u need to ask the servers for sauces which is so inconvenient!!! And it's pricy too for hot pot. I give an extra star for the gimmick n creativity, otherwise this place only worth 1 star to me.
Love their winter melon hot pot and all the grill items. We had beef tongue, oysters, and the kaaba, all taste fabulous !! We had awesome experience and great time. Definitely coming back and have more of these yummy food.
When it comes to a unique experience for hotpot, this is the place to be. The food taste great and is presented nicely to you. Their unique melon hotpot and new seafood steam pot are one of a kind. The pricing is  a little more than your typical hotpot place, but it is worth the price for the taste and experience. I feel comfortable and relax when sitting in this place to eat. There is plenty of room to move around and the circulation is great. My experience here at niu pot has been amazing and would definitely come back again. I recommend anyone who is a hotpot lover to come try out this place. In addition they have some amazing bbq selections fresh off the grill.
In my opinion this is the best place to go for high quality hot pot. True the price is not cheap, but you really get to enjoy the best. Lamb and beef are amazingly fresh and tasty. The soup base are innovative yet delicious. Service was very good too. The environment is very open and spacious, in contrast to most other hot pot places which are usually crowded. Overall, definitely your go to if you wanna high quality hot pot!
On a cold winter afternoon, it's always nice to go for hotpot to warm up. I went here for the winter melon hotpot and had a decent experience. The hype of having a winter melon hotpot had drawn me here. Some of the things my friends and I ordered were: cuttlefish, meatballs, squid, mushroom, beef strips, lettuce, some type of glass noodles, and scallops. The food took a little longer than expected to come and the service was OK. It took a while for the waitress to refill our tea and to cut up our melon. Overall, decent experience.
I like hot pot so much. I have been to here for so many times. Melon pot is interesting but one of my favorite is always spicy pot.  Handmade dish ball is so good.A lot of handmade beverage and special dish you can choose. Good service! Recommend it.
Great food!! Their winter melon drink is the best!! You will never find something similar around queens. The place is unique and great food! It is great quality food with excellent atmosphere.
Yummy pumpkin hotpot. The beef is good here. love the homemade beef and fish tofu balls. Took the leftover pumpkin broth to go! great service and sauce tray.
I can see why this restaurant is fast becoming popular as it is fully packed when I came here. First off, I really love their interiors; trendy and modern rustic. Their servers are friendly and helpful. And their signature winter melon broth is definitely a must-try. The way they present it is that they serve the entire melon in the pot and as you cook it over time, the broth is becoming more flavorful and you can scoop the melon and eat it. I don't think I have seen it anywhere else. They also serve quality fresh meats here and fresh made meatballs (which makes all the difference in my opinion ). I would also recommend the grilled shrimps skewer and beef tongue skewer. And I also loved their dipping sauce (special recipe indeed).
The beef was great,  the pot is nothing special just a melon pot.  All the other food was average but the service is somehow average too.  Those waiters n waitress never look at you, or the table.they look at the wall and walk pass you without notice you are looking at them.  Even you wave at them,  it takes time for them to know that you are looking for them.  The handmade shrimp ball was ok,  the beef was great,  the drunk shrimp portion is way too small.   Overally is average hotpot place,  the day we went,  there were a group of ppl that talks really loud n yell at everything that they put into the pot which that makes me alittle annoy.  The restaurant is very cold inside,  i dont even know where these wind come from?  Will try again.
I love this place coz the back ground music always nice ,food yammy ^^ will go there again again hahahaha
It's edible, but there are a few kinks to work out. For one, the watermelon juice was a nice touch but it really needs to be cut with some water it's just too sweet and syrupy otherwise. The soup for the watermelon hot pot also needs a good hit of salt. Halfway through the meal, the already bland broth took on a sweet flavor, but not in a good way. I left feeling like I needed to eat a bag of lays. I won't be coming back here, there are too many factors working against it for that: out of the way, unfinished flavors, awkward table-chair height ratio.
Creative ways to hotpot! Everything is Super fresh! Addicting good! Different types of beef, seafood and their BBQ items are to die for.
I have no idea why there are so many bad comments. Niu Pot is the best hot pot restaurant in New York I have ever been. Most of people complain about waiting tables and seat system, It is normal to wait for the table on weekends, especially waiting for this kind of fancy restaurant, just come earlier and you will have your nice spot to sit. I love their house winter melon!!! Creative and delicious!!! I ordered cage free chicken which they recommend it is good with winter melon, SUPER amazing! MUST try house winter melon juice and plum juice!!! Cozy place for traditional Cantonese style food. I LOVE it and will definitely come again!!!!
SUCH A PITY. This place has so much potential. Great food/drinks and place itself, but such slow servers who do not speak a lick of English. Yes, they give you the menu where you can check off what you want, but how slow can it be putting the orders in the POS and delivering the UNCOOKED food to our table? Mind you, the place is a ghost town. There were probably around 3 tables including ours. It took about 30 minutes for our stuff to come out, and it wasn't even all at once. It was one....by one...by one. Maybe the service has gotten better after my visit here. I would definitely like to give it a go once more, but I'm going to wait my visit out a bit longer and wait for other people to try it.
Idea was cool but services are awful!! Food only ok...$$$$$$$$$$$$$ totally not worth the money!
Food is a little bit more expensive compared to your standard hot pot place, but you get what you pay for. Food is really fresh, dumplings are made in-house, and the milk custard dessert is delicious. I order it every time I come.
One star is even too much.Their service was horrible and the waitresses were unprofessional and rude.At first, we were told only to wait for 20 minutes for a party 5. So, we decided to wait. Later on, I decided for my dad to join us which was only one more person to the list and we told the waitress. She told us to wait a few minutes and so we did. A few minutes later, another party was seated before us also a party of 6, and we questioned how much longer we needed to wait. The waitress in the front, which I thought of as especially rude, decided to tell us that we had to wait another 20-30 minutes. This was also very rude of them because they did not bother to tell us in the first place and we also had two kids and an elderly waiting. This might've seem okay but this happened on multiple occasions. The whole family was very keen on trying out this new restaurant in town but after multiple occasions of bad seating systems, we decided that this restaurant was not worth the while.
Free parking! This is a super PLUS dinning in Flushing! Like they say Niu Pot is the best hot pot in New York. Fresh Food, nice Decor, great service! I am from Canton and I must say this is authentic Cantonese hot pot. I had a great time with my friends and family in Niu Pot. Highly recommend!!!
Poor service! Made me so mad! I stand at the front for more than 15 mins, no one asks me if I want a seat or what. At the first min, a guy asked me need help or not then he's disappeared. There were two ladies walked in later than me.A girl came up and asked if they need help then ignored me standing up there for more than 15 mins then she left! She left without asking me to get me a seat. After 15 mins, she finally asked me if I need help. I don't understand if it's because I'm wearing casual shirt hoodie sneaker so she thinks I can't pay a lot or what or I look like that young can't afford the meal ?
The winter melon is super small comparing to the other table!!!! And they say it's all the same size -.- I'm super speechless.
OMG！this should be the best hotspot place in NY. Even better than mister hotpot. A little pricy but totally worth it. The winter watermelon pot is creative and tasty. I think it's bc of the chicken broth. The beef and veggies r the same as everywhere else. But the soup base makes everything delicious. They have a wide selection of sauce (which I love!),desserts (really good) and soft drinks(and craft beer). Besides, you can order BBQ too. I've tried almost every hotpot places in flushing and I definitely recommend this one.   Only downside, more expensive than average hotpot places.
This is not the first time I have been to this restaurant but it will definitely be the last one! 1st of all, the waitress has no knowledge of the menu. Every time we ask about a item on the menu, she's like "oh, it's a new item and I don't know". 2nd, we ordered a drink which was not made correctly. They offered to make a new one, which we agreed. But we did not get the new drink until after multiple requests and finally get it at the end of the meal. 3rd, they have a raffle going on and we won a VIP card which supposed to give us discount. We ask on 3 separate occasions if the VIP card can be use this time and was told it should be ok. But guess what, they refuse the give the discount when we call for check!4th, the waitress refused to validate our parking because we spend $92(it needs to be over $100). Instead of turning down a return customer, wouldn't it be better to ask if customer is willing to order an extra dish or desert to make up the difference?I really don't see a reason why I would want to go back to this restaurant again!!
Omg, this place is crazy. We have being waiting for an hour because we were only two people. Even there are sits which they said could only give to people with 2 or more. There is no place like here! If it was a huge table for 6 people or more, ok it's fine. But 4 people's table and couldn't let us to sit is ridiculous! So some people behind us don't even have to wait! They really should not do that! If I had the choice I would not even give them a star! Horrible!! Don't come! I have been using Yelp for many years and this is my first review, you know why? Cause I can't stand this place!
I wish we had more places like this in San Francisco. The winter melon was amazing. We came here with a large group of people, and the staff was very helpful in getting us a big enough table. They were very attentive and helped us order. Not only that, but I must have had 1000 bowls of their peanut appetizer. Everything is really fresh. They care about hot pot and it really shows. Not only that, but they have a great selection of beers which seems rare in Flushing. I will definitely make this a regular spot for hot pot. Sorry Elmhurst!
My new favorite hotpot spot ! The decor is different from your usual flushing scene. As the ventilation here is great so you don't leave smelling like food. Haha. The servers are very on point and help is always available if you have questions. The food is delicious, and the pot... The pot is so cool! They have different bases for soup with wintermelon or watermelon as the pot! How cool is that! Was a little pricy but overall we had a wonderful experience :)!
Food: Food quality is not that amazing. I've had much better hotpot places in flushing (i.e., Fukuoaka, Dolar Shop, Mister Hotpot), where the quality of the meats especially are amazing.  The first time I went, I ordered the wintermelon pot because my friends & I figured that would taste better than the watermelon pot. For one, if you are a seafood lover, you will instantly fall in love with the broth, it has a strong fish smell & small dried pieces of baby shrimp (size of a red ant). Also, I am displeased with the sauces they offer. Usually I like to create my own dipping sauce. However in this case they made their own, & when I asked for the mixing station (all hotpot restaurants have this), they brought over a mini tray with very limited selection. If I can't make a good sauce for my food, then I can't enjoy my hotpot. If you are like me & is all about creating the best dipping sauce, this might not be the place for you. Service: Not that I was not satisfied with service, I felt that they should hire more waiters & waitresses who speak more English. For one, I am a fluent Chinese speaker so it wasn't hard for me to order. However, whenever my friend needed anything she'd politely call for the waiter & ask for whatever she needed in English. The waiter then proceeded to stare in a confused way for a good amount of time before saying okay and walked away. Shortly after, this waiter brings another waiter who spoke more English than he did. Almost all the waiters barely spoke any English. If you do not speak Mandarin Chinese, I advise to bring a friend who does because majority of the waiters do not speak English.Uniqueness: I for one, had to try this hotpot place out because I am a big fan of hotpot. This place was unique because it is one of the first hotpot places in Flushing that can cook your hotpot inside a wintermelon or watermelon. How cool is that? Supposedly the melon cooks with your broth & makes the broth tastes  better (I'm not too sure about that, but sure whatever they say). Although the idea of cooking your food inside a melon is cool, it is actually pretty frustrating. First of all, your melon is small, meaning you can only cook a few pieces of food at one time (literally, like 2 pieces of beef & 2 pieces of veggies) without having the pot overflow. Also, as the pot cooks the waiter told us that we can slowly scrape the insides of the melon & eat it. Of course, that was also a unique idea, but it didnt taste good. The soup probably absorbed all the flavors from the melon.Location: In the middle of Flushing, near the Library (walkable distance)Opinion: Would I come back? Never again. I mean, don't get me wrong, honestly eating out of a melon was a pretty good experience. However, It's good to try at least once for yourself.
Something different. Came here to try the winter melon pot, exceed my expectation but definitely a bit pricey for the winter melon pot. It is $20 for the pot and additional $3 per person fee for the whole table.Half way during our dinner, we learn that the waitress can assist to slice the side of the winter melon into the pot to eat, it was quite delicious.Meat - pork, beef, seafood were very fresh.I had a toddler with me during dinner, very attentive waitresses and staff. Will definitely come back.
amazing fresh cuts. ask for nicole before u sit for a good time with ur friends and family. esp on a date
by far the best hotpot in flushing but expensive for hotpot. the lobster broth is strange...
Best hot pot restaurant in flushing!!! Must try the bbq fish, beef tongue, and steak. Everything is so fresh. Highly recommend this place to everyone.
I visited today for lunch special. This is my first time to try this new hot pot place and I think it's pretty good! The service was pretty good. The waiter and waitress are all very nice, explaining the lunch special combo patiently and also help me to remove some spicy oil and peppers in the spicy soup (I think it's very thoughtful, because I was worry it's gonna be too spicy). The whole space feel relaxed and clean, the music also not too loud and helped create a nice comfortable mood. The lunch special combo itself was quite nice! Well balanced portion of everything, a lot of veggies, some meat and handmade meat balls, a small piece of fish, udon. And I like that even lunch special can have 2 soup base (half and half spicy and non spicy). I think it's a good deal for a $16 dollar (plus tax and tip is around $20) lunch hot pot.Overall, I think it's not bad. I would like to visit again!
Delicious food, amazing meats, and tasty Chinese vegetables. It's nice to find such a good restaurant in Flushing. This place opened recently and is well worth the visit. Everything is so fresh and I love the look and feel of the restaurants. For the quality of food, it's reasonably priced. I'm looking forward to trying some of the other things on the menu next time I'm in the area!!
Overpriced and no better than the hundred hot pot places in Flushing. It lacks your own sauce making station. Upside is that the steak ribeye is done pretty well from the grill station.No I was there total three time--I was there during grand opening days though
I came here with my coworkers total 8 people. It is a little bit wait since this place is so popular, but we ordered drinks and BBQ while we are waiting. The restaurant is nicely designed, simple and classic. The best is the meat, excellent, and I like the house shrimp ball as well. It was about $40 average per person, may be a little bit pricy compared to other hot pot restaurants in Flushing, but the atmosphere and food quality is better. Definitely recommended for people who has a life style and demands quantity food.
We ordered winter melon pot. It's a little expensive but tastes good, not oily. The beef is fresh. The environment is good, no weird smell, no oily floor. Dessert is a must try!!! Highly recommend!
This was my first time trying HotPot and I decided to try it because all of my friends raved about it, it was my first experience with asian food and I felt very welcomed despite me being non Asian , they helped me choose and I LOVEDDD what they recommended me ( winter melon ) and other dishes that I forgot how to pronounce l. I will be coming back when I'm around flushing again
I was very impressed when I found out this hidden gems in flushing. The decor is pretty unique and the restaurant is very clean compared to other hot pot restaurants which I like it a lot. For the food part, we order grilled beef tongue, grilled fresh oyster( Chinese style) and sea bass from the BBQ section which is super tasty, highly recommended! we also try their signature winter melon hot pot which is very interesting and delicious. This restaurant has already became my favorite hot pot place now.
Fresh ingredients, trendy atmosphere, great service! Gotta try the winter melon hot pot..awesome!
This place was amazing! Their Hot Pot, obviously the best I've had, but their service was genuine and on point, unlike other places on main or even northern. If you're looking to take people out for dinner or lunch, this place is the go to! I seriously wished I found out about this place sooner..
One of those Craving for hot pot night, decided to give a try on this place . Average food, average broth with pleasant presentation. Unreasonable price but Service was good tho.
gloria was a really good waitress. She spoke fluent English and as an abc I really needed that.
Not the best hotpot place, first time come here and will be last time here too, BBQ beef tongue is not tender and hard to chew! Grill fish is very good! Quality of the food and the price paid is not equal
This is the best hot pot place in flushing the server are really nice they helped me pack up my to go . My flavor is the melon pot the only store that has this kind of hot pot in New York City . I'll come back again for sure
Came here with my family and we ordered the watermelon and winter melon hot pots.  The sweet watermelon flavor combined with the broth was delicious.  The winter melon soup after the hot pot was also excellent.  We also ordered a bunch of side dishes and they were equally delicious.  The place is very clean and after dinner, we went to Tous Le Jours next door for dessert!
My husband and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. As soon as we entered the restaurant, we felt at home. Unlike most of the hotpot places, the decor here is very modern and stylish, which provides a very comfortable and relaxed dining environment. The service was extremely good. It was our first time, so our waiter went through the menu with us, gave us good recommendations when we needed. The food came out quickly, all in good quality, and very fresh. We enjoyed the famous winter melon hot pot, the soup was so delicious and healthy (a big plus)! They have a self-serving sauce station, you can go up and make your own sauce. The station is clean and non-greasy. The waiters and waitresses were very attentive. They offered to cook the seafood for us since we might cook it for too long. We also ordered some BBQ, they were all very tasty. They have a wide selection of drinks too, including the unique winter lemon drink.  A must try!  We ended our dinner with a heavenly delicious dessert, called 双皮奶 (milk pudding). I wished that I did not eat that much, so my stomach would have more room to take in a second serving. We will definitely come back.
All food are very fresh and delicious! Very nice and intimate place for friends hang out here!
I was really excited to try this place because of the pumpkin pots and melon pots but then something happened that make me dislike this place. As I was having my meal, one of the waiter brought out more food that my mom have ordered and I don't really know what caused him to screamed out "FUCK" really loud while he was placing the dishes down on to the table that was cramped between my table and another table that was next to me. Maybe he hit his toes really hard or he hit his crotch but that doesn't matter, you should not scream out something so vulgar especially when you screamed directly at a customer's ear. I've never felt so embarrass at a restaurant ever because after he screamed, everyone looked at my direction and he started limping back into the kitchen. That moment was so awkward that I couldn't even enjoyed my meal anymore because I didn't understand what caused him to scream. This shows that Niu Pot needs to hire more experienced workers.
The worst hot pot I've tried ever! The foods are expensive, quality is low, even the portion is so small. We ordered water melon juice, I could tell the water melon is not fresh at all, and it had been made for a while before I ordering it. I did not drink it after first try. For the soup base only, they chargers is $29(3ppl). What a rob! I will never ever come back again nor recommend to my friend. I will suggest them to save money n stay away.
This place is horrible. The management is completely a mass. The food is just like any other hot pot place in flushing. I thought I would be impress by the watermelon hotpot, but it taste so plain like water. My hubby and I were waiting for the meat. After sitting for 1 hour finish eating all the vegetable on the table, meat is still not here!! We asked the waiter, he said he will bring it up. After another 30mins, I was completely pissed. I was hungry and tired after work, I just want a nice dinner to treat myself. So I asked politely if I can speak with the manager. The manager do not want to speak to me. Fine. I asked for the check, and meat still not here. I will give one star for just the innovation of the hotpot. Food? Lmao. Don't even bother. Little lamb is a lot better. Btw, just the vegetable, without meat,no seafood, they charge us $80.  This is crazy!!! How much can two people can possibly eat for $80 of vegetable?!!!!
Good food. Better than other Chinese buffet hotspot place. Recommend to go if you want better dinning experience.
have to order the fresh chicken and put them in first so that you would have a great pot of chicken and winter melon soup! so good
If you decide to eat here, waiter and waitress do not know what they are doing. Be prepare to be waiting for a long time.
good atmosphere. fresh food.  a bit pricey than average hotpot, but worth it.
2 Stars - "Meh. I've experienced better." Not the best hot pot place which is unfortunate because I think it's a cute place. It's pretty small, waiting took a long time but they have a little waiting area with seats and they give you cups of tea (which was nice of them I guess). I think it's so unique that they have watermelon soups and winter melon? soups. It's literally hotpotting in a melon which is cute BUT it's so pricey. I got the winter melon which was $20 + $3 per person so yes the soup itself was $32. I would much rather order more meat with that money. Other than them giving tea while waiting, I didn't like their service. It takes them so long to refill tea, and they didn't give us the stand for the ladles. This was disappointing because every other table had one. We had to ask for ladles. Like come on. That should be the first thing you give. Also, they didn't give us the stands, so the ladles were touching the raw meats. To end this review, I'd also like to add that they only have 2 sauce options. They just put it on your table. Not a fan of the sauces either. Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
This Szechuan restaurant opened not too long ago. I have always been a big fan of Szechuan food and how they spice up there foods. I tried coming here before around 7:00 PM before but it was a full house. However, today I came at 8:00 PM and there was just enough space. Overall the food was pretty food. Not too spicy with ton of flavors!!
Nice food, nice service:) I ordered Chinese sausage casserole and it is pretty good! Also the spicy rib noodle is very good too, and not too saulty. This is just something I'm looking for in Flushing:)Next time I will like to try the broiled fish! Will keep updating reviews!
Bon G. and I found this new Sichuan Restaurant on Yelp and having tried most of the others in Flushing chose this one on Saturday evening. Arrived circa 9:15 pm and the place was only moderately occupied so we were seated immediately. Finding this place was sort of difficult as none of the signs on the block were in English...we had to use the specific address to locate the correct venue. Once inside we were welcomed and given menus. They have an extensive selection of dishes and we started with a really nice rendition of Sliced Beef and Ox Tongue in Chili Sauce in a red hot oil which gave it a nice smokey taste. Also got Sichuan Cold Noodles...sort of like Dan Dan Noodles...you mix up the bowl and the heat mixes thru the noodles and gives the dish an incredible taste and burn....of course I added red hot oil to everything like people add salt without tasting the dish!   We tried a new dish for us..Chinese Bacon & Sausage Casserole which was light on the meat but the crispy rice was the bomb...the waiter scraped out all the rice from the cast iron pot and it was incredible just by itself.. Mala Mapo Tofu was next and it also was beautifully prepared and presented. It had minced Pork which added alot to the flavor and consistency.     I can see how this place fills up quickly due to its size. We were lucky and found a parking spot directly across the street...a good omen! With so many new entrants in Flushing I'm sure we will return but we are always on a quest to find new and exciting dining venues in the area!
Very yummy clay pot rice , the crisp of rice at the bottom of clay pot was so  delicious making me eat unstoppable , we love the dice chicken with chilli peppers as well , taste was  good everything just nice in size and price is reasonable too t
I give two stars because the food is so salty and the desserts like a water. Today I ordered three dishes and two of it is so salty. After dinner, I ordered two desserts to take out.  Durian Aloe sogo sweet soup and Mango Poweto Sago sweet soup, both taste so bad like a water.  I can't found any Durian and Mango inside and one of Durian sweet soup after taste is sour. Today is my first and last time to this place.  I don't know how good they are..
Great food and service! I have say I had the Best Cantonese and Sichuan food here! Both. By the way you must try their dessert. Better than Lady M.
This place is literally my restaurant to go to all the time now. It's close to my home. Good flavor and friendly stuff. The portion is just okay compares to the price though. But still, come and try this place everyone!!
This is our favorite new style Si-Chuan spicy dishes in town. They use very fresh ingredients and staff are super friendly. Different varieties of unique soup in their menu to choose from. They also offer Cantonese style small pot rice (rice crispy can be made to order too). Their desserts are delicious also and price are very reasonable. They also offer seasonal items such as Moon-cake lately are in different flavors too. My family like this little and warm eatery we all gave them two thumbs up!
Excellent Sichuan food, very authentic and reasonably priced. We had the spicy fish, pretty spicy and numbing like it should be. The spicy clear noodles were also pretty tasty. Service was also excellent and attentive. The bonus was They were letting us sample some freshly made moon cakes which were very delicious. Apparently they made extra, so we ended up ordering two boxes of moon cakes.
A new restaurant, authentic and flavorful, must go place, the owner is soooooooo much nice, treat kind, the specialty is the new style 水煮鱼，best one I have ever had in flushing area，trust me worth to go
This is one of my favor restaurants in Flushing. Convenient location, heathy cooking and amazing taste! You will find home taste here.
The best authentic Sichuan restaurant in flushing. Spicy crab & 水煮鱼 are must try if you like spicy food. 煲仔饭 is also very good. Have been coming here once a week. Highly recommended!
If you're looking to satisfy your craving for kebabs, but also feel like being a cheapo, this is the place for you!For about 10 bucks (or less!), you can get a super hearty meal with any protein of your choice, or you can even mix it up. I got the lamb kebab and beef kofta platter ($10), which comes with a total of 2 skewers of meat, a lot of brown rice, and a salad on the side. The lamb was super tender and delicious, and the beef was just as delicious! The food was certainly plentiful and left me more than satisfied. Definitely got the most bang for my buck!The place is far from fancy, and is more like an Afghan fast food joint where they have a variety of options besides kebabs such as cheeseburgers, wings, fries, etc. There's also a small parking lot right in front of the restaurant (enough for 5-6 cars).CASH ONLY!
AMAZING authentic food, great service, has a very homey/family feel to it. Definitely recommend and will definitely be coming back, with friends.
I rarely write reviews, but I had to for the horrible service I received here. I mad an order over the phone and the total was supposed to be $42 but the guy said our total is $54. We asked him to explain and he just yelled and shouted over the phone and hung up on us twice. I then went recently, and the guy overcharge us by 2 dollars , even after tax was included. the food is great but I would rather go to Bakhtar where the service and food is better.
This place is a nice place to try out if you are craving some really delish BBQ pizza! The workers are great and the food is always prepared fast and fresh. Their BBQ wings are also a great option if you are by. This is definitely a small place with not the strongest aesthetic but the food really is satisfying!
Top 3 Afghan places in queens as far as quality of food goes! And they have halal pizza!!! A must try!Only downfall is there service is horrible! They don't believe in any customer service whatsoever
Best Afghan food in Queens hands down. Rice is very flavorful, chicken is juicy, and the lamb is so so tender it's unreal! Try their keema pizza it has minced meat and the slice is huge. Their buffalo chicken pizza is also great. Basically nothing bad to say here.
No frills restaurant. �Rice was soft, beef and lamb kofta was cooked and spiced just right. �Staff was very nice and accommodating. �Would definitely return and recommend to anyone in the mood for Afghan food. �Most of their menu options are ~$9.99, worth it.
Extremely unprofessional. I placed phone order and confirmed a 10 minute pickup. I arrived on time and the place was locked as the guys decided to pray. I waited 15 minutes outside and when the place re opened I found out that the guy didn't even write down my order which was simply#9. Never heard of such childish unprofessionalism.
They are specificall for burgers. I would tell excellent food but service 60 % they should need more quickly �service. Mahbub Hossain
Good service and kabobs. For the price, it's definitely worth a try. I believe this was under 10$!!
Don't place an order online or for takeout. They will rip you off. The owner is a thief. He gave me the order I placed on Yelp without telling me he left things out. Later, when I returned to the restaurant to let him know, he blamed the website's pricing was off then tried to shake me down for cash if I wanted the rest of my order that I had already paid for online.There are many better alternatives like Bakhter Kababs in Fresh Meadows that are honest and taste better than this trash establishment.
Amazing kababs. Their beef tikkas are delicious. Try their samosas also, those tasted great. A hidden �gem. �Definitely recomended.
The kababs are really good there. Friendly staffs. Prices are reasonable and portions are good.
Aria kabab is a staple in kew gardens hills. It's location is perfect because it's right underneath the neighborhood mosque! Everything is halal and just delicious. They have afghan cuisine, your typical rice and kababs with meats according to your preference. They also serve some amazing sandwiches, burgers and a super delicious pizza. It is an extremely clean restaurant and they have added a customer restroom inside the restaurant as well. There are plenty of tables to sit but it's more of a casual sit in so if you're not looking to just hang out and eat, take out may be the way to go. Either way, it's a gem in the neighborhood and the staff is really very kind. Having halal food so close to home is always a blessing.
Great food. I love the chicken and lamb. There chicken shawarma is really good as well. The Afghani bread is so delicous and they make the meat fresh. I love their food, have been eating here since 2012, I highly recommend their food.Muhammed
Food is always great the only problem is the timing, the food takes forever to come out so try ordering before hand on the phone.Don't forget to try their �buffalo chicken pizza
I had another chicken tikka craving today so we ordered from Aria. Used grubhub against yelpers recommendation not to and everything worked out just fine. i think they probably worked out all the issues since that review. Its still yummy as ever and my son tried their chicken shawarma wrap this time. I dont know if this thing qualifies as a wrap. They need to invent a new word to describe this monsterously gigantic creation. My son can eat and eat and eat and he could not finish this wrap. That's a first! Well worth ordering if you are especially hungry and even good to eat on the go. It was assembled well and did not fall apart despite its size.
We mostly order take outs from this place. The food is fresh and service is friendly. Chicken tikka over rice is the best.They take orders on the phone so call ahead to save time!
Not that special. Food tastes average. The chicken was the only good thing. Bakhtar is still the best hands down!!
Omfg. Okay so the place is nothing fancy. But the food is SO GOOD. 5 stars for the food, 3 for the interior. It was nice and clean though which was a plus. Try the chicken cheese philly sandwich thang and the rice with chicken kabab (#7 I believe.) the zesty fries were a good appetizer too. Everything for about 20 bucks and more than enough for 2 people lol.
I live near by and came to this place not worrying about the staff being friendly, even was expecting rude. All the reviews said it was good food bit bad service. I was looking for good food.I went inside and asked for the chicken tikka and was immediatly greeted very warmly by a Hispanic gentleman. The gentleman behind the counter said it would be about 7 minutes for my order. I overheard him tell someone else it was his 2nd day working their. When my food came out he even asked me how many white sauces and hot sauces I needed(my order was to go). THE FOOD- absolutely delicious..might even be a 5/5, but im stingy on giving out fives.I found a new spot.
Ive had Aria's food a number of times.. it's always been DELICIOUS! Their platter food is good but their specialty pizza is where its at in my opinion. They have good wings as well.
Found this place on yelp at first I was skeptical about ordering and I was more than happy I did.. It was the best chicken and rice I ever had!! I definitely recommend this place. �I ordered Tikka Kababs over rice and salad I also ordered a side of hummus.. Everything was made Fresh!!! Definitely try the white sauce it comes with and the Green chutney sauce it's all amazing.. The guy behind the counter was friendly and the store itself is very clean!!!
4 stars because the food is consistently good but the service is a work in progress. They're always so overwhelmed with catering orders that in store service can take a loooong time. But everything I've had there is good - pizza, kebabs, burgers. Worth the wait.
Aria Kabob is the worst. I called to place a catering order and the guy over the phone hung up on me and had a very nasty attitude. All the prices that are listed on their menu online are less than the prices they quote when you call them. Complete rip off and horrible service. Save yourself the headache and go to Bakhtar instead.
Phenomenal food. I usually get the chicken kufta and tikka and it is very good. Everything is cooked well as well as the rice. Staff is friendly and it takes less than ten minutes to get the order. The price for the food is less than $10 which is very convenient since they give a sizebale portion of rice, chciken, white sauce, and salad. Best halal food in this area!
I really really like this place. It has a lot going for it and is much better than its predecessor Mirage. It's just down the road from queens college and near plenty of street parking. The entire menu is top notch and fairly priced. The pizza is very good and always fresh. The homemade burger is spiced to perfection and is melt in your mouth tender. All the Kabobs are delicious too, especially the kofta kabob. The fish sandwich and lamb over rice are also very good. �They also have the best green sauce I have ever had. Furthermore, they have a huge drink (non-alcoholic) selection including a frozen drink machine. Try the strawberry it's outstanding. The owner and his son are both awesome guys. They are so friendly and always a pleasure to talk with while I wait for my delicious take-out. They are both former tennis players, and as a huge fan myself, I always enjoy talking with them about that! All in all this place is probably the best restaurant in the neighborhood.
4/15 Upping it up to 5 stars again. Food has been ON POINT. 11/1/14 Update: I had to change my review from 5 stars to 3. It seems like they are under new management. If that is true, that explains it. Yesterday, our order of cheeseburgers did NOT have cheese. My chicken hero was not on a hero, but on a burger bun. Also, I ended up throwing the entire "sandwich" out because the chicken wasn't cooked. Disgusting and a waste of money. Because of my prior positive experiences, I may have to give them another chance. I just need time to recover. ---------------------------------------------------Aria Kabab has become our new favorite takeout place. Originally we would always pick up food from Bakthar but then decided to try Aria one day. Best decision ever made. This place has been our Ramadan staple. We kept a menu and we always call in our orders in advance and then usually pick them up if we are out and about. They do deliver, so when we inquired about having food delivered to our house (we live about 30 blocks away) they were more than happy to, and did. We just needed to give them some extra time, which was completely fine. Some things that we have gotten that we love:- 8 ounce cheeseburger- Grilled chicken sandwich/hero- Rice and kabob platters- Buffalo chicken pizza- Philly cheesesteak- Chicken parmOverall, a great place to takeout. They are fast and food is delicious!
Yea, l'd like to be clear that the food was really really delicious but the service was really bad. The guy was rude to me and my friends which really ruined the whole experience for me. He was annoyed that I wanted a container to go to bring my leftovers home...
Rude people with nasty attitude... Only nice if they are not busy or u can speak their language .... If u order on line they will reduced your food quantity or weight.Food taste is good but no business sense.
Not a terrible place to go for food because it is flavorful and filling. Everything was well made and timely. Not the best place to go because the meats are a little over cooked. not the cleanest place to go and eat. The staff seem a little unwelcoming, and but they do try to make the experience a little better. They definitely have a large variety of food to choose from, and it is actually better than most places of Afghan cuisine.
Aways take out from this place and call in order before arriving because it takes some time to make. Food is always fresh and tastes AMAZING. Favorite is the chicken tikkah over rice. The Lamb is also really good
This place had great food, i always �get the chicken �burger. The samosas hummus the fresh bread kabab's everything �is good the only thing is they don't �always �get the order right, I'm �not sure why but something is always �wrong with the order but my family �loves the food so we don't �mind it we still eat it.
Food was good and they had a variety of fast food but also had grown up food too. �They stayed open longer which was great because the guests only eat halal and had small children
Tried Chapli kebab and Spaghetti with meat ball , chapli kebab was nice but spaghetti lol I won't call it spaghetti that was more like risotto . They don't have the real spaghetti so if you want to try risotto then try it else waste of bucks . Cheers
Their food is on point, but the people who work there are bunch of ignorant, uncivilized, primitive people. They are nice to some people they know, but for the rest of us they will behave as if they are doing us a favor, and we are wasting their time.People go out to eat for the taste, yes, but for the service as well, and the owner of this restaurant fails to understand that basic concept.The restaurant is listed on the GrubHub, but you will get yelled at if you ever make the mistake of ordering through GrubHub. They have different prices on different websites, and the price you actually pay at the store is always the most expensive one.Bottom line: A good place to enjoy good food as long as you don't mind being treated like an inmate. But for me, I will be on the hunt for an alternative.
FRIENDLY STAFF(sometimes lol) I like their pizza and chicken over rice! thats all i buy there, i really like when i call for a pickup, they will tell you the exact time to pick it up!!! KEEP IT UP GUYS!!!
Called on the phone to make an order for delivery because their menu said "we deliver" and the guy started yelling at me in the most nastiest way saying "NO DELIVERY, GUY NOT HERE!!!!" and then hung up. Horrible horrible horrible service, avoid at all costs, you're better off going to McDonald's down the street.
i usually go and eat inside, one of my favorite places in the area, the food is always well prepared, fresh, and delicious. the staff is friendly and the prices are great, so i fully recommend the place.
Ordered twice from there with a total of about $90 in various food samplings. �I can attest that the food is tasty and the portions are decent.
This place is amazing. The food takes a little long to prepare but everything on the menu TASTES AMAZING. You can get a discount if you order in bulk. Highly recommend this place over Bakhtar.
Fat Peter rating system. as follows: STARS- standard yelpCHANCE I WILL BE BACK- YESWhy I went �- friends lives near hereHad Homemade Hummus with homemade afghan bread. �so good I almost joined their religion and joined the cause. �start a jihad (very good)Chicken wrap was good. not phemoincal but good enough i be back good experience.
I have eaten here couple of times and to be fair,it's not a four star restaurant. Max would be three star.
Very good Afghani food. The service was friendly and price was just right. We ordered the chicken and lamb tikka and the chicken and beef kafta. Both were excellent!
I use to love this place their food is just great! However their customer service skills are horrible. I use to eat food here almost every day. I had even told my wife to give them a good tip, and they still treat u like bad.
Stayed near by and decided to check it out. Got the chicken shawarma wrap for $5.99...it was excellent. The person at the counter was cool and the place was clean. Will be back next time I'm in town.
I remember back in the day when I had free time on my hands, I would drive out to aria all the way from long island to satisfy my craving for afghan food. friendly service and quick too
The staff is friendly, attentive, and helpful. The menu is quite extensive, with a wide variety of choices. Everything I've tried from pizza to chicken over rice has been good. Their hot sauce is delicious...green but nonetheless amazing! I will be back to try more dishes!
Simple place that you wouldn't really go looking for... But you should, excellent kofta kabob, deliciously seasoned with a hint of heat too, really good food. Service was super friendly and willing to talk to you about the foods and what to get. Definitely a place to try if you're in the area.
I work in the neighborhood and this is by far our favorite spot to go to. Don't let the meager decor fool you - this place makes some seriously good food. Their kebabs are first rate, cooked fresh to order, and are consistently excellent. My favorite is the combo that comes with both chicken tikka and chicken kafta. �Any kebab you get, be sure to add on the carrots and raisins. I love that stuff so much that it's gotten to a point where I get double orders of it on my kebab. �The authentic Afghan bread that comes with the kebabs is also excellent. �Don't forget to ask for both the green and white sauces, both of which go wonderfully with the kebabs. Go here and you will not be disappointed. �The service is always super friendly and welcoming, which makes it a great experience every time we go.
Just like it says when you choose how many stars you want to give "meh. I've experienced better" from a local stand point I would not go here again rather go to bakhtar halal kabob.. Based on my experience the good was raw the white sauce was watery and the rice was hard.. Second experience went for the pizza horrible tasted old.. I would give it 1 star but I did not because the place looked nice ad clean.. And the guy at the register was nice although I could not understand him
Recently I tried the Kabuli palow and chicken tikka and lamb it's amazing the pizza is amazing the sauce is just unique they Just added two machines extra for other varieties of food since this store has been opened for just a while they improved dramatically I an very picky but this is by far the best the seasonin and quality is good and those customer service is good
The only thing I like about this place is the homemade burger, it's delicious just the right flavor. �But for the kebab I still give my vote to bakhter the one across the street from Bombay theater
I've tried the following dishes in the past at Aria and I enjoyed them all thoroughly. - Regular Burger - Spicy Buffalo pizza- Kabab with Qabili Pallow- Garlic Bread Rolls- Kashmiri Green Tea with CardamonThe Kashmiri chai is a very softened version of the Indian/Pakistani Chai because it's made with green tea. It's very soothing and doesn't have a lot of caffeine. �The burger was really nice, and rather huge. They add some subtle spices to it but it's not too much so you can feel the nice flavor of a burger. It's really big though. �The pizza has a nice dough, light, and the ingredients seem to be of good quality. The spicy buffalo wings in it were very flavorful. �The Kabab and Qabili pallow was good, I'd save a bit above average but has a nice authentic Afghani taste to it.The place is clean and the owner is very friendly. I highly recommend this place.PS. As of this review they take only cash at the store and they said they're working on their credit card system.
zero stars. called for an order for pickup. was quoted 15 minutes. �showed up 25 minutes later. reconfirmed my order. asked them where my order was 45 minutes after ordering. they had not started it. don't waste your time. DO NOT GIVE THIS PLACE YOUR BUSINESS!
This is more a takeout than eat-in place, but it's really clean and the kebabs are insanely good. �To make things even, better, they deliver! �I got beef tikka kebabs, rice, bread, and salad for 7.50. �They have a pretty extensive kebab menu and they also sell pizza and shawarma. �I've only had the kebabs because they are so good, I don't want to order anything else..
Have had a thing for Afghani food ever since I had some at a friend's place. Decided to try out this place. We went with take out, although they do have seating available. The place was nice and tidy. The guy at the counter was very friendly. We ordered a combo platter (for 6 adults) and chapli kabab, so that we could try out the variety. The kababs and rice were out of the world, both lamb and chicken kababs. The guy even offered a free cup of soup, which was also good. The food quantity was great, everyone was well fed and there was still food left. Will definitely be going there again, or maybe we'll see if they can deliver to our place which would be great.
