A fusion hot pot experience that is truly unique where melons, the winter and water variety kind take center stage in this restaurant. The broth is extraordinary in the sense that it is already rich and full bodied and the addition of melons cooking in the pot gives it another kick in flavor. If you like to drink the soup from the hot pots, you are definitely going to love the soupy broth here. On a down note, there are no individual pots. These are large community pots to share. We ordered the winter melon with the signature non spicy soup base and the ying/yang pot which had one side that was spicy(mah lat) while the other was the signature soup.The server punches your order into the iPad and the food starts coming out. Everything here is a la carte and may I add very fresh. We ordered the following that night:* slice fish and fresh fish paste in a piping bag* fresh ground beef balls, slice pork and lamb* vegetable platter that included. Pumpkin, nappa cabbage, mushroom, corn and radish.* Live drunken shrimp and fatty beef* Prime beef made into a meat dress and draped on a barbie like doll. Move over Lady Gaga!* tofu and tofu skins* noodles and eggsAs the food was cooking the servers helped us skim out the excess foam floating on top of the hot pot. This aesthetically made the broth in the pot more appealing. As we kept cooking and putting stuff in the flavors kept growing more intense and delicious. Towards the end of our meal the servers helped us cut the wintermelon and added them to the hot pot.We also ordered barbecue skewers of chicken, lamb and squid. These are cooked by the chef at the open grilling station. They were pretty tasty. There is a small station for you to prepare your sauce. Remember, if you parked your car in the Arcadia mall, make sure to get your ticket validated by the restaurant. Your discount for parking is linked to how long you dine at the restaurant . Great meal and a little more pricier than traditional hot pots, but you can't beat the quality, decor and service.
Just another hot pot restaurant in Flushing. I also thought it was a bit overpriced for the amount of food, but that usually applies to most hot pot places that aren't AYCE anyway.The broth was actually very flavorful and delicious. If you like tomato soup, please try the tomato oxtail soup. It was soo yummy and really gave all of the food some flavor. It also did not taste watered down every time they added more water to the pot which is always a plus.The yin and yang broth tasted very herbal and the spicy portion actually tasted very spicy! The spiciness kind of lingers in your throat so it was nice to switch between the spicy and non-spicy side of it. There was the average choices of hot pot foods like fish balls, vegetables, and the meats. Everything was displayed and plated very nicely. I recommend getting the vegetable platter because it had a lot of varieties, but it had a lot of mushroom options and not enough of vegetables.The skewers were about $2-3 each and it was very well seasoned. However, the beef was a bit chewy so I struggled a bit while eating it.The service was surprisingly slow even though there were only 2 tables there.. We had to remind them several times that they forgot some of the foods that we ordered and I had to call them several times for their attention.. However, they were pretty quick in refilling hot water in the pot and tea.Overall, it was an average hot pot place with a cute decor, but it's not really worth the price. It was overpriced and I left spending a lot and not full.
My expectations were quite low given the 3 stars it currently holds, but my experience surpassed it completely!My friend and I ordered the winter melon soup, Barbie beef, handmade fish paste, and a veggie platter. The soup was very flavorful and it did not taste like the usual MSG-filled broths that many hotpot places have. As you continue to cook food in the soup, the winter melon becomesMore and more infused into the soup. Closer to the end, the employees cut pieces of the edge of the winter melon into the soup. I honestly could have drank the whole soup haha.The veggies were fresh. If you check in you get free icecream. Staff were extremely friendly. They accept card. Interior is very beautiful. I would definitely come back to try their other stuff. Since it's not AYCE, expect it to be on the pricier end.
I love Niu Pot for multiple reasons: the decor, the great service, and most importantly the quality of food. Niu is definitely an Instagram-friendly restaurant, from their suspending, twinkling lights to beautiful black booths contrasting the white tiled walls; not to mention even the food presentation is on point, specifically the Barbie beef. My favorite thing about hotpot is a good, hearty broth that is more than just powder/msg with water. I can appreciate a broth that resembles a traditional Chinese soup enjoyed at home, meaning less additives and requiring good ingredients and time. Niu definitely captures this in their broths, especially the winter melon broth. Yes, it's $25 for one pot but it is definitely worth it because you're getting quality soup that's delicious and good for you. I drank practically the whole pot by myself because it was that good. I digress from the soup ... The Barbie beef ($18) is composed of short rib wrapped around a naked Barbie. Not only is it esthetically pleasing to the eye, but it's also very fresh and good. I also highly recommend trying their homemade pastes - I got the sampler and I loved each and every paste (fish, shrimp, cuttlefish, beef, pork&mushroom)Last thing I wanted to give credit to is the amazing service staff. Their English may not be perfect but they are willing to help and do their best. They consistently checked on our pot and helped cut up the winter melon for us towards the end of the meal. They also came by and parted the blood residues that float to the top; I've never had any server do that for me at any hotpot restaurant! TLDR: Niu Pot isn't an AYCE so don't compare the prices; hotpot is a relatively pricy meal but at least you'll get better quality food here. Order the winter melon broth, Barbie beef, and homemade paste sampler!
Niu Pot is absolutely fantastic! I'm a bit of a hotpot fanatic and have tried many, many different hotpot places yet this has to be my favorite.Yes, it is pricier than the AYCE hotpot places, but the ingredients are so fresh. Nothing is frozen. The fish balls and the beef balls are rolled on site. The vegetables and meats are some of the highest quality and freshest I've had in any hotpot places. The food is more than five stars already.I came for the winter melon hotpot which was to die for. Hotpot cooked in a winter melon? What's not to love? The broth is fresh and light and my favorite part is drinking the soup after, when it has all of the flavors from the meats and vegetables you cook in it.The house sauce is also amazing and tastes great with the beef.I'll definitely be back to try the pumpkin hotpot and to have the winter melon one again!
Environment is beautiful & clean. Good music and pretty comfortable seat. Servers are nice. BUT, if you are here for the quality of food, you will get disappointed with the portion size ( paper thin beef, lamb) flavor is ok. You can much "thicker" slide from little lamb 小肥羊 than here. Everything else is OK, just like other hot pot place. We ordered chicken pot & oxtail with tomatoes pot, it's alright not too impressive with the soup base.Finally yelp check-in gave us a cup of free greentea icecream, to reduce the disappointment. Sorry, no more coming back to you Niu, overpriced & Avg quality! Flushing offers much better choice !If u plan to come, it was not like how it used to be. (Like 2 weeks ago)
This place is out of the world! Worth the trip out of Manhattan!The name & photo does not do its justice. If you like seafood, the French lobster bisque broth for some hot pot action! It is a must try! It sounds boring & cliché but it first came with a table side flambé of lobster chunks and jumbo halves of shrimps in garlic & herbs! So tasty! While we enjoyed the sautéed crustaceans, the bisque was being prepared with the heads. When we were done with the shrimps & lobsters, the server brought out the bisque and poured into the hot pot. Then we began the hot pot with whatever sides we ordered. This was one genius & delicious 3 in 1 pot!The other must get was the winter melon hot pot. This would make the best tastiest soup or leftover at the end of the night. The melons soaked up all the essences of meats & veggies that we did hotpot with. Mmmm mmmm mmm! The service was great too! They helped you with the cooking for the lobster flamé part. The only flaw, and I'm not going to ding them, was that they didn't have a decent corkscrew to open wine with. & one of the server or maybe the hostess brought a beer bottle opener. ;) there is always room for improvement.
I would say this is a Taiwanese style Restaurant!I felt like I am at Taipei nowToday I ordered Salted pork chop over rice.It taste good, not too salty like other Chinese restaurants here in Flushing. They are now serving the lunch special now. Less than $10 you get a pretty good deal and a set!  I added $2.5 for shrimps(3pcs) and they are so fresh! Nice Will come back and try the hot pot.03/01/2018 the 5th time check inAdded some photo for foodies:)
Reservation made for 7:30 PM for a party of 4Fri eveningWe ordered the winter melon hot pot and several dishes from their BBQ menu. BBQ:Beef TonguePork jowlChicken wingsLambFishOyster in Lemon SauceOyster in Chinese scallion sauceHot Pot:Winter Melon baseBarbie Beef Seaweed knotsFrozen TofuFried Tofu skinTaiwanese QQ Noodles. Shrimp with HeadVegetable plate (nappa cabbage, pumpkin, string mushroom, lettuce)Shrimp with headService was good.  We had to flag the staff down a couple times since they were busy but they did make sure to come back to check on you.  They made a sauce for you but also have a sauce bar with multiple sauce options for you to make.Very spacious, not overly loud (really good hip hop music).I didn't leave or wake up overly thirsty.  My fellow Yelpers knows what this means.  This is on par (for me) with Mr. Hotpot (my favorite hotpot restaurant).
The dining experience was really awesome! The food is amazing and the servers are really nice! After reading the reviews I thought it will be a so-so experience. However, it was actually way better than what we expected! Highly recommended to people who love hot pot
We came for the hot pot because our usual spot had a really long line. This place had no line and looked to be fairly new so we have it a shot. The hot pot soup choices were interesting because you could get a Japanese pumpkin one and one in a whole watermelon however other than the cool factor, the soup was that flavorful. The presentation for the meats and veggies was nice unfortunately the veggies were wilted and there was a lot of meat in each order. We ended up getting some bbq as an appetizer and they were both way better than the main attraction hot pot. The only other saving grace was the free custard dessert we got at the end which was pretty tasty. The free ice cream we got was just regular vanilla so although I would normally rate a one star, this place gets two for the bbq and the free custard dessert.
We came here on a weekend for dinner and we didn't really need reservations. It can accommodate  big groups and it was very spacious. Beautiful LED lights hung from the ceiling. Great for using that as a background for pictures.For a group of six, we ordered two pots: Spicy broth (something I will won't get again. Way too spicy. You can't really enjoy your food while gulping down water) and the Japanese Pumpkin Crab broth (SO GOOD. Definitely a must get. The soup itself was amazing. Sort of creamy and brothy--hit the right spot for a cold windy night. Brought out the right flavors out when you dumped all the food in. At one point, I was just drinking the soup). The watermelon juice was really refreshing. But one pitcher could only fill up 4 glasses.One caveat was that the music they had on the speakers were too loud. I couldn't hear the person across from me. We were basically all screaming.
overpriced for average hot pot.  All the dishes are small sized.  For a table of 3 we spent $95 and were still hungry.  We ordered beef chuck, beef tendon, another beef, lamb, 3 diff veggies, 6 skewers, $15 Japanese crab pumpkin soup.  Was expecting the soup to come in a pumpkin like the other photos we saw but it didn't.  Staff was not very attentive.  Had to ask 2 diff times for refill of water when everyones glasses were empty.  The bowls for sauce are also very small.  Would not return.
I stopped by for a late lunch here on a Saturday. It was around 4pm and they still had the lunch menu out which was nice. I like how most of the lunch sets come with soup. The price was good, but like some reviewers mentioned the cut of meat wasn't great. There was a larger amount of fat on my grilled pork than expected. Some pieces  were all fat that I had to spit them out. The flavor of the grilled pork was good though. The order came with a small salad and a bowl of broth. The broth had large chunks of daikon and pieces of pork. The broth was lightly flavored and complemented the grill flavor of the dish. Please be aware that the dish comes with kimchi on the side of the rice and it is moderately spicy. The kimchi is on the bed of rice so if you do decide to pick it all out like I did the top layer of your rice may be a little spicy from kimchi residue. The decor on the inside has a ceiling with lights strung. We came during the afternoon when most of the seats were empty (interior is rather large), but I bet it is gorgeous and full of life at night. The hide of the cow pinned up along the wall was disturbing, I must admit. The bathrooms were clean and the staff speaks English. I would maybe come back to try something else on the menu.
Really enjoyed this place was worried that meat cooked in watermelon would taste funny but it was delicious . The staff was friendly and helpful when ordering . I would definitely recommend this place as I will be going back myself to try different things
Love this hot pot ! Another expected experience! The waitress are all so nice and thoughtful! Love the interior design as well. Lighting fixture is awesome
BEST. HOTPOT. IN QUEENS  (NON SPICY)Yup, I said it. Even though there's an abundant amount of hotpot restaurants in queens, this tops them all. Reason? easy for parking. comfortable seating. high ceilings. decent prices. fresh food. attentive service. good beer selection. oh did i mention they sell yakitori (BBQ skewers) also?Get: Winter melon Pot, seafood, fatty beef, anything with "home-made" label on it, because they really make it in houseAvoid: Barbie Short Rib Fatty beef . okay maybe just get it once. do it for the 'gram!for SPICY HOTPOT in queens, shift over to SPICE WORLD instead. you will not regret it.
The lunch menu posted looked so good that we decided to come here for lunch on a Saturday. The pictures on their lunch menu look very enticing but the food didn't match my expectations. The portion was skimpy for the protein. I did expect more for the price I paid. The service was also very lacking. We had to flag them down for every little thing including asking for utensils, asking for them to take our order, asking where is our food, etc. It's quite annoying to feel like you're forgotten. We were going to order dessert but we were so turned off by the service and they didn't bother to ask if we wanted dessert. Nice decor but I don't think I'll be back.
Awesome hot pot! It's fairly new restaurant. Although its slightly pricier than other hot pot restaurants I've been too, I found the quality of ingredients to be so much better. We got half spicy broth and half beef. The spicy broth was super spicy! Do not underestimate it, I have a high spice tolerance and I felt the heat. They offer veggie and seafood combo if you want to get a bit of each or just order individual servings of everything. Service was great! Will be returning!
Good quality, good environment  and good service, a little pricier than other hot pot place
We tried Niu Hot Pot for lunch during the winter and it was a great experience.  Their winter melon hot pot is unique and amazing.  Winter melon is considered a health food and good for your complexion.  The soup itself was delicious and hearty.  The vegetable and mushroom combo was great as were the beef and lamb add-ons we ordered.  The meal was very satisfying and the staff cut up the melon for a friend who was recovering from an accident.  Nice layout and decor as well.  Would recommend for business lunch and hanging out with family and friends in the evening.
Saw some reviews and came to try their winter melon shabu shabu which turn out to be pretty good , very spacious restaurant and no rush to made you eat and go , presentation of foods looks nice and clean but only the seafood platter is not attractive enough which is a little disappointing.
One of the most underrated hotpot place in flushing! This place is definitely my favorite of all that I have tried so far! The restaurant is clean with friendly staff, sometimes service is a bit slow but due to the packed amount of people coming in to eat at the same time..I always crave and get my cravings satisfied with the lobster hotpot  the server would light the pot and cook the lobster in pieces and shrimps in front of you. Let you enjoy the products then return to add broth into the pot for the following hotpot portion. Best broth ever mixing with the juice coming from the previous lobsters and shrimps that were cooked in the same pot.I always enjoyed ordering a side of pumpkin to put in the broth first and made it a bit sweeter; pumpkin is actually very good in hotpot! At least at this location it is..The beef were fresh and worth what you pay for! Buy hotpot is definitely on top of my list to share with people when they come to town to visit!!
I got the BBQ pork over rice lunch.  My wife got the marinated beef over rice. Pork was quite delicious and the beef was cooked right.  Both meal came with kimchi which was quite spicy.  The lunch special came with a salad and winter melon soup. The soup by itself was a bit bland. But with the pork and rice it was actually quite a good balance. We also got some skewers. Chicken, lamb, squid, beef tendon and sausage.  I really enjoyed the squid and sausage. The beef tendon were about a bit soft and almost fat like.  Overall, good experience. The ambience was very modern, the lighting was unique.
Try their new lunch menu which is pretty good.I had grilled steak over rice, the steak is tender and juicy and only 9 dollars, I think it's worthy and will try other item next time!
My rating is on the new lunch set.  This is my first time in this restaurant.  I don't usually go to Hot Pot restaurant but saw their new lunch set menu and decided to try them.Decor is beautiful with high ceiling, spacious with comfortable seating.  Lunch sets:(1) Mini seafood steam tower lunch set $9.95 - 4 stars - come with 3 steam trays, first with 2 large shrimps, corn and okra, second with a few large green mussels and a few clams (my kid kept saying the clams were really good), third with a very delicious winter melon soup.  It also came with a bowl of minced pork on rice and a small dish of kimchi.  (2) Grill steak lunch set $9.75 - 4 stars - come with a grill steak on rice, salad, a pot of winter melon soup and a small dish of kimchi.  The steak was grilled perfectly, char on the outside and rare inside.  The meat is a bit chewy but full of flavor.  Would recommend to add a bit of sauce over the rice.....(3) My lunch set happened to the best of all three, steam meatloaf lunch set $6.75 - 5 stars.  OMG, the meatloaf is the best I ever had.  It was so tender, better than my mom's.   It also comes with a small dish of steam vegetable, a bowl of rice, a pot of yummy winter melon soup and a small dish of kimchi.  I did not have a chance to try the kimchi as my kid ate it.  My only suggestion is to change the rice.  It was a bit mushy.DrinkWe were served with a glass of warm water, my first time but it was helpful after coming in from cold weather.lime winter melon drink $2 - 4 stars Dessert - ordered Mango Sago Pomelo 杨枝甘露.  Not the best with very little mango flavor.  I guess it is the wrong time to order this dish in March.  We were charged $6.50 regular price even though it should be $4.50 on the lunch menu.  The spoons were just too small.  Next time will try the milk custard instead.Service was good and bathroom was clean and big.Will definitely come back to get the lunch set again.  May even come back to try other things on the menu.
A warm and cozy hotpot place for the winter. The atmosphere was peaceful with light music. Servers were very attentive and food was on point.
I was very interested by their wintermelon pot, but in my opinion,  It was not impressive. This place is very expensive compared to other hot pot places that I have been to in Flushing area. For 2 people dinner, our bill ended up close to $100. We only order the following items:The winter melon pot, $25 for soup base, over priced, beef, lamb, scallop, fish fillet, spinach, fish tofu, mushroom, spam, plum juice and a beer.
My favorite hotpot place in flushing. The wait on weekends are around 20-30 mins at peak time. They have multiple options for the pot including the well known winter melon hotpot also the watermelon hotpot which both are served with soup inside the melons. I have yet to try the watermelon hotpot because I just love the winter melon pot so much! They have a lot of hotpot ingredients to choose from. One of my favorite is the shrimp paste and the fish roe ball. At the end of your meal you could request them to cut the winter melon in the hotpot for you and it taste amazing. They also have options to order the sewers which they make in a open grill that you can see from your table. The service is great and their decorations are always amazing.
Environment: Very clean and spacious.  A bit walk from 7 train, but it was worth it.Food: The broth is really tasty. Full of flavors. They have a lot of items for both hotpot and BBQ.  All of the food is clean and fresh.Service:  Staffs are friendly, and they filled up the water and broth without customer asking for it which is a huge bonus.Price: It's a bit pricey, we spent around $36 each for a party of 4. BUT regarding to the freshness and the cleanness of the food, the price is totally acceptable.
I had to come back for the seafood hotpot!! It is to die for - the lobster and shrimp are cooked with butter and fixings. Then you get to enjoy the lobster!! But wait there is more!! The servers ladle  in the seafood broth that was cooked in other shells.  It made the broth taste like lobster bisque!!!  It was creamy and velvety! We also got the mango pancake which was yummy
I get it. A chic version of a hot pot restaurant with its roots in tradition and culture, and its branches in modern refinement. For what this place is, it is executed well. Fresh foods, good service, stylish decor complete with leather tufted booths and cowhide wall art all complement each other well. Take away the tabletop burners and one would think s/he were in a Williamsburg tapas restaurant.Couple things that stood out:1) Reservations accepted2) Meat/fish/shrimp/etc-balls are all made in house. It is not the frozen stuff you find in the Chinese markets.3) In addition to hot pot, there are also BBQ options and something called a "steam pot."Why not a 5-star rating?1) Prices are too high. I get that high(er)-end dining comes at a cost, but at the end of the day, we're talking about Flushing, where amazing food at low prices is damn near a constitutional right. $20 for broth to be cooked in a melon, or $5 for 1/3 ear of corn is a HUGE NO-NO.2) There is a 2-credit-card-per-table limit. Poor business practice overall, but especially if you're charging Niu Pot's prices.
5th time coming here, it's getting worst! The first time I came here I left a very good comment, because food was very good! Now I'm changing it. Pork combination all fatty meat! Small portion and expensive! Take at least 30 mins for the order, all meat r not fresh! Will not come back.
This place is a bit off the Main spots but is walk-able.As soon as you arrive the Decor is very modern and Americanized (Tiles, High ceilings, Wooden tables and Metal Chairs (Couch if seated by the wall).Service staff was friendly to us.  They handed us 2 pages of list  of items that we want to eat.But during the dining i felt like i was forced to order (meaning they were overselling me the products).  Had to ask the waitress to add more soup half way.  (EDIT: early when we arrived by 6PM it was less crowded but after 7:30 PM it got busier and staff were less attentive).Price is a bit steep.  But is for the experience.  I didn't order the WINTERMELON (Extra $20 plus $3 per person). Since it was 2 of us.  We just order the Spicy numb soup base to start ($3 per person).  Soup arrives, Hot oil floating with Red hot chilly but is not that Spicy at all.  Flavorful soup that has plenty of herbs in it.Then we order 3 types of meat (Lamb, Pork Butt and Rib eye meat).  The quality of the meats are Freshly Cut and Tasty!.  Prices were about $ 9 to $ 14 per dish.(EDIT: Meat arrived freshly cut, but I don't think it was worth for about 10 slices of meat per dish.  Even tho it taste good, but I feel like the cost is a tad High).Side orders are A MUST!. Veggies, Tofu, Fish ball, Mushrooms (Ordered 5 sides were about $3 to $4 each).  They were pretty good (EDIT: But not worth to pay $ 4 for 5 pcs of a Small Amount of VEGGIES).There were also offering a grilled squid dish if you check in on Yelp, IG or FB.  But i didn't enjoyed it because it was  A BIT TOO SALTY FOR ME.  (Edit:  The dish is made to order and usually you'll be able to see one of the Chefs cooking in the center stage.  I just wish they put a little bit of sauce instead of just splashing it and cook it).For 2 people we paid about $ 70 total.  (Not including drinks, drank only water)Did we stuffed ourselves? YES. Was it good? YES (Edit : but not for the price) Would you go back again? (Maybe with a bigger group to order more).Compare to other Hot Pot places what would I say? (Clean, Spacious, Friendly and good quality food compare to those unlimited ones).(Edit) I personally I am spoiled by the Flushing cheap eats, but this places makes it a upscale "A-LA-CARTE" dining experience.  Each dish cost $$ and it adds up. Spicy broth was not super numb enough for me but good for Americans (you can request for a HOTTER level I guess).
Great hot pot place in Flushing. Their watermelon pot and pumpkin pot are amazing. They have great hot pot, barbecue, and dessert. Where else can you get all of these from one restaurant!? And they are not pricy!I'm very glad I've been here.
I ordered food from BBQ only, though I see many people ordered hotpot.Grilled oyster was phenomenal.  The cook washed and brushed away sand outside of the shell very carefully, then placed on the grill.  I tried the oyster in garlic with lemon juice only, its fresh and so yummy.  Definitely recommend, MUST try!BBQ meat, squid taste the same in pepper and herb, but fresh and cooked just right.
It appears that management has been reading the horrid Yelp reviews. Service was definitely not an issue for us on this Sunday evening at 6 p.m.Food: we ordered many items, but the things that really impressed us were the handmade fish balls and handmade beef balls. The fatty beef was okay, it was just displayed in a way that made the plate appear to have more beef than it actually did. Actually, all of the items were displayed to "look pretty" with little substance.Service: staff here is actually quite responsive (perhaps due to prior terrible Yelp reviews). Decor: the induction system is pretty smart - you'll have to try to burn yourself now. I like how tables are placed in a sparse manner - it's refreshing for Flushing. The ventilation system could use a little work, though.
Staff were friendly. We got a spicy pot - not too spicy - and a winter melon. Veggie/mushroom combo, seafood combo, drunken live shrimp, cuttlefish balls nice and fluffy....Rib eye beef was very good. Also enjoyed the refreshing kumquat lemon drink and grilled items.
Avid Hotpot Fan, Extra watermelon enthusiast. So when I walked by the restaurant and saw that they had watermelon hotpot. I was baffled and instantly wanted to try it.  Came in with my family and was not impressed. 25 dollars for the watermelon broth that comes in an actual watermelon but the broth was bland and did not have any taste to it. If you are imagining a sweet watermelon flavor, you imagine wrong because it was not like that at all. We ordered razor clams, squid, fish paste, shrimp paste, their various beef dishes and all in all I was not impressed, yes some of their items seem to be handmade such as their shrimp and fish paste but it didnt have much flavor too. Everything was really bland. EXCEPT their watermelon juice that you get with the watermelon broth. It was not bad. Service:  The servers were all nice people.. but I could not hear them over the loud speakers, and it was frustrating because it was not even that packed ( about 6 tables,) and there was 3 servers  and we constantly had to ask for water, ask them to refill certain things at the sauce station which was sooooo empty. It's like they forgot all about the sauce station.  Overall, their service needs improvement. Atmosphere; they blast american music but do not speak an ounce of English. Conclusively, I would not recommend this place.
the pot was great . Lobster was so fresh,and I like the way they cook the oyster。also the meat is thick than other hot pot。if u order the lobster pot，they will give u alots of vegetables and mushrooms, just side order a beef, and it enough. Much cheaper than I sought
Food came out one at a time. Basically ate each dish as it came out with a group of 5. Kept getting our orders wrong but hey we got a free dish that they didn't put on the receipt. I used to like this place but I wouldn't recommend to anyone anymore
This is one of my favorite hotpot restaurants in flushing. They have all the sauces you'll need unlike some places that doesn't have Sha cha sauce or peanut sauce. Their famous pot is the melon pot which they make a soup out of. The soup base is a little bit pricier but in the end it's a good meal.
Now, introducing the Watermelon, your new shabu-shabu pot! Or honeydew. Whichever you choose.Have some fun with the drunken shrimp and scare the living hell out of your beloved ones. Every dish at this restaurant is remarkably memorable, and tasty at the same time. I suppose that can be hard to do. The herbal stew and the spicy soup both finished first and now I have to order the Yin-Yan style again. Sheesh.I have to say, I got the sense of high quality meat and fresh veggies at this restaurant and I would gladly come back for another feast extravaganza. Oh, and also the watermelon juice. Yum.
My favorite hotpot place in flushing. Yes, better than Mr. Hotpot. Reason? First of all, it's healthier food. The soup taste lighter than any other places, but still yummy. You know what I mean, no MSG flavor. And I love their sauce bar. A lot of choices, and all sauces are thick, you can tell they didn't add in water like other places do. The veggies look very green and fresh. Other than the food, I like their decor too. Super chic and the high ceiling lets you feel very relaxed. The desserts are awesome, definitely worth to try. The only suggestion I have is, maybe they can turn the music down a little bit, so that I can actually hear what my friends say when they sit next to me lol
FOOD POISONING!Three of us went 10/28 night and we all ended up diarrhea from last night to today. DOH should check the food quality of this hot pot restaurant. If you want end up with diarrhea, go to this restaurant!Or if you want a quick way to lose some weights with out concerning paying $$$, go there!
Niu pot is highly recommended dinning place. Artistic presentation, fresh food, friendly service, modern ambience and seasonal music. A great place to have dinner for family and friends!
Hot pot at its finest at this quite expensive establishment.  Instead of using a traditional pot to hot pot, you have a choice of using a half hallow melon or watermelon, a quite unique experience you cannot find anywhere else.  This will cost you an additional $20 + $2 a person, and don't forget the food too.  There was two of us and our bill came out to about $125 including tax and tip.  The fish balls they have are made fresh I think, and so are the beef balls that my friend ate.  The food is pretty fresh but I don't know if it justifies the premium.  The table set up is a bit not conversation friendly, the table was a bit long,  my friend seemed kind of far away lol.
My first time visit and very satisfy with the food.  I love the ambience and design of the restaurant. I didn't order the melon soup base because my friend said it was just plain soup and it was $20 plus $3 per person for the melon.  I was also looking for something spicy.  They provided us with premix house dipping sauce which wasn't bad.  The soup base wasn't bad but typical with other hotpot restaurants.  I love the melon drink with a twist of lime and it served me well since it was a non drinking night for me.I ordered a little of everything.  I loved the cuttlefish, squid, shrimp balls, and especially their rib eye.  Everything was al carte and very fresh. Free grilled squid with a yelp check in.The only reason this restaurant didn't get a five star review was because their waitress ran after me for tips.  When did America become a country where gratuity is required and your wait staff will chase you down for tips?   However, I did put the meal on my cc and I thought a way to help the wait staff by leaving 20% of gratuity in CASH.  One of the other wait staff took the bill and cash and one of the co worker ran after me for tips which I thought was disgusting and rude.  I should have asked for my money back for such disrespect.  She should have check with her co workers before chasing down a customer.   Only Chinese place does something so embarrassing with no self respect.  Conversation with the Waitress:Waitress- WAIT WAIT.....Me- Turned around I thought I forgot something at first...Waitress- You forgot to leave me a tip? Showing me the CC receiptMe- No, I didn't put anything down because I left you cash and the other guy took it.Waitress- Really...who was it? ( she thought I was lying)Me- The guy with the hat and tattoo and you should check with himWaitress- In disbelief...she walks  away
Love the service and the winter melon soup. Clean and comfortable seating. Everything is super fresh. Price reasonable as well. You don't really need to use much sauce and can still enjoy the food.This is definitely No 1 on my hotpot list.
Heard about the wintermelon hot pot, and came here to see what all the fuss is about. We arrived before 6:30 on a Saturday night,  and we need to wait for about ten minutes before we get seated (the waitress did get us a menu while we were waiting ) The restaurant is pretty small compared to other hot pot restaurants, so if you come with more than four people,  you may consider making reservations. The wintermelon is placed in a pot, and you cook everything in the wintermelon. After you are done, the waitress would cut up the wintermelon for you to eat.Honesly,  other than how cute the wintermelon looks in pictures,  the food quality is just the same as other hotpot places in Flushing, the broth in the winter melon is good,  but not worth the $20 + $3/head.  The electric stove, however, is more powerful than other places, we often need to lower it so that the broth wouldn't spill. Our bill came to $40+ per person, which is more than AYCE hotpot places, and we didn't order a lot of food.
I tend to usually go to hotpot restaurants a couple of times before I decide to leave a review based on their consistency. The past few times I've been here the winter melon soup base has been great! This is my third choice if I'm looking to have hotpot, but if I'm feeling a great tasting soup base, this is the place I'm going to come to. The quality of the meat is also up to par with other hotpot places in flushing. The only reason this modern hotpot restaurant would a lose a star from me is because the service is extremely slow. If you're at a hotpot restaurant, you want to get your uncooked food fast so you can start cooking. They also never speak to you again after you order food, the only time you'll see them is if you scream across the restaurant to ask for water. I enjoy dining here very much and It would be great to see an improvement in that.
I've always had mixed feeling about Hot Pot places - they never seemed to live up to my expectations. I did enjoy this place as it was unique in the sense that they used a winter melon as the hotpot (literally why I came). The food was decent - they have pre-made sauces as well as a sauce bar for you to whip up your own unique sauce. The service was slow and the staff didn't seem as helpful to my table of four. It took them a while to come refill our cups, help us cut our melon and it was annoying that some of the staff tried to talk to us in Chinese - which isn't the dialect you understand. Overall, an okay experience - unique and fun but rather pricey for that winter melon.
If you live near flushing you probably will try every place once.  This was one of those places we tried.Came here with my wife her friends.  We got here early so we didnt have to endure what some yelpers had encountered.Food: Mediocre, not the worst hot pot place, quality wise.  Decor or not most the meat plates were slices of meat on top of raw vegetable to give the illusion that you got more than 6 slices for your 8 dollars.  Good thing they have cheap skewers to fill you up.Ambience: Warm interior, high ceiling, well ventilated.  Good stuff.Service: Terrible, first hot pot place where they dont add broth or even offer.  Server was confused which skewers were ours.  Saw one of the servers save unused vegetables from another table. Yeah you can imagine where its going, Back YOUR plate.this business going for maximum profit at customers expensive. Good business model but cant hire smart enough employees to mask it.
Service and food : excellent Soup is sweet without msgQuality of meat is high gradeCustomer service : all waters and waitresses are so nice
We ordered spam meat, but instead of that, the waiter gave us something else we didn't order.My friend found a black short hair in the sauce!!!!!! That was so disgusting!!!!!!! The price is high, and the sauce you have to ask them to refill again and again, because every time they only give you a little. And you cant choose the sauce, it's not self service, they only have sesame and soy sauce. The BBQ oysters came when we almost finished everything, when we check out, we were told that the BBQ chef and waiters' tips are separate. Will never go again!!!
The beef here is top quality Prime beef and is super good, this isn't an average hot pot with run of the mill ingredients.  I also don't see why everybody complained about the sauces when they bring a sauce station to your table, there's no need for self-service.It's in a great location and within a 5-minute walk to the Main street train station, you also can't go wrong if you get the winter melon hot pot.  I noticed almost every table had them and there's a reason, the broth is unique and adds flavor to the meal.  I'll probably be back during the cold months.Also I don't know why people complained about prices, my group spent about 50.00 each, including tip, and we wobbled home with happy full stomachs after what seemed like twenty plates of ingredients.
Me and my family love hot pot, unlike any others hot pot place too much msg, Niu pot is the best way to eat in healthy and happily. My toddler also love the hot pot soup, finally we can all eat together the same pot. Melon and seafood pot is our favorite, live seafood steam in front of your table, waiter will tell you when is the best time to eat. Great hot pot experience here, sure will come again.
Omg!!! Don't know where should I start?! My hubby and I are total foodies so when we found out that there's this new hotpot place in Flushing, we just had to try it out! We went in with four other friends and got so much food!!! I really like the idea of the 冬瓜盅 hotpot with the 走地雞, I had never even heard of doing hotpot with neither things and it was awesome, the favors were so rich and yummy - the dishes made my tummy happy!!! They also have 西瓜盅 hotpot, when we first saw it we were like "what?!" But we saw a few tables getting it and they seem to be really enjoying them so we will try that out next time we go. Also when you order the 西瓜盅 hotpot it comes with watermelon juices!!!The decor is very chic and modern, also very clean (very important to me since I'm a clean freak)! The foods are all very fresh, love their freshly made shrimp balls, beef balls and the USDA prime beef!!!Even though this restaurant is still very new, it was jam packed when we went last night, this is the new happening hotpot place in Flushing!Oh, I also like the fact that you feel so roomy and comfy in there having hotpot and their ventilation system is really good with high ceiling so you don't leave smelling like hotpot!!!I always try to end my meals with something sweet, they have this 雙皮奶, OMG!!! Must try - so darn good!!! I am obsessed and I know I will be craving it, just so delish!!! Yum Yum!!!We travel and eat everywhere and I always read tons of reviews but I never really do them, hubby does, I am just too lazy... I'm writing them a review because I can't believe all the negative reviews here, gotta give them a shout-out, especially since I fell in love with their 雙皮奶...
Walking by a brand new establishment with big open glass and seeing the faces of satisfaction, why not give it a shot. This here, a hidden gem in the abundance of authentic and nothing short of amazing food in Flushing. What this place brings to the realm of the  Asian cuisine mecca, is simply refinement and thought. It's as simple as serving high quality ingredients with an atmosphere of forward fashion. It brings new light into a world of hole in the wall places where you can proudly bring a out of towner and say, "yea this is my hometown." It raises the bar for what Flushing is known for like many other new establishments that are popping up all over this neighborhood. Now onto the moneymaker. A la carte style hot pot, top quality ingredients, amazing bbq items(weird for a hot pot place but a must try...Trust), and great service (few kinks here and there that I'm sure will be worked out once they got more time under their belt). Tried the winter melon special and the chicken broth was clean and flavorful. The meats were exceptional. I can't tell you how many times I've been to a hot pot place and the meat was frozen, mediocre, and I'd have to think twice about under cooking it, but the meat here was good enough for a meat snob like me to probably eat raw. The bbq items were a surprise, in a ever so good way. I didn't know what to expect from it but satisfaction was achieved. The items were served in a tapas style small plate form bursting with umami. From the squid, beef tongue, oysters and prawns, I would come back here just to eat the bbq items.The direction this new hip spot is on, the wait time for prime time is going to be brutal. I'm glad I found it and I'm glad it's not that well known yet because I'm a fan. Stay fat mother suckers.
Nice new place for hotpot. It was their innovation that drew me there. They put broth in winter melon/watermelon/squash then put it into a pot, as if you are having hotpot with a melon as your pot. Food is a bit on the small side. Their sauces are pretty good tho. Instead of traditional sesame sauce with too much water like other places, they blended a special 9-flavor sauce with a sesame sauce base. This place offers good Chinese barbecue too. Worth a Try!!
When I first heard about the winter melon hotpot, I thought it sounded weird and somewhat gross. However, after having tried it at this restaurant, I admit it changed my mind. The winter melon is not an actual melon, but more akin to a pumpkin and daikon. The melon hotpot tasted okay after the soup was cooked, but can't say it was worth the extra $20. The next time I come, I plan on ordering their normal hotpot.Place had a modern atmosphere, which I really liked. The hotpot soup was fresh with little or no MSG.Recommend prime beef, beef tongue, fried tofu, corn ,mushrooms, vegetables. Lambs have a particular odor, so check with those on your table before dipping a piece in the soup.I also recommend you order a small portion first and add on more as you eat.
Tried this New hot pot place which is quite different from all the rest. Not a very big place but It's special is a winter melon hotpot which they put in a whole chicken cut up which makes the soup hearty. Taste like homemade soup. Definitely going again. One girl named Nicole did wonderful job in making us feel comfortable as we waited Bcuz at first she told us it's about 1/2hr wait but turned out to be an hr.Food was good and satisfying. They have this chief/chef cooked food specials steak was was good. Oysters with the xo sauce was super tasty.
Expensive and a total rip off. They come in very small portions for $5-6 and the meat is $13-20 in very small portions. I don't recommend this place at all. Came here today with a party of three and got the pumpkin broth, 1 fish tofu, 1 beef rib eye, 1 spinach, 1 enoki, 1 crab meat and 1 fish ball and the total came out to $80 and wasn't even full. Save your time and go somewhere else that's an all you can eat hot pot buffet. I hope they shut this piece of trash place down. P.S- They buy EVERYTHING from Chung Fat supermarket down the block and their overpriced menu items they charge you is crazy since everything in that supermarket is cheap.
Delicious,  fresh, fun and an immaculate place! Service was attentive. Beef very good quality.  A bit pricey but it's worth it!  You get what you pay for.  The water melon and winter melon hot pot were super fun and unique!Yep, it was my first time at Niu..
The main reason I'm only giving 3 stars is the service at Niu which needs to improve and improve quickly.  Flushing is a hustling and fast-paced environment with countless restaurants and great service (not just food) is required if a restaurant wants to be in business.  That being said..   the issues with service was not just me but two other separate patrons as well.   Upon being seated the waiter brought me a lunch menu and after taking my order and realizing that I might be interested in the regular menu he brought it and asked if I wanted to hold off on my original selections.   I said yes to wait.  I chose a few items from the regular menu and told the waiter I wanted to replace the new items with what I ordered initially.  The guy checked and basically said the order already got put through.  I was a bit irked but being that it'd save me money I let it slide.  So I just ordered a couple more items and that was it.   The food was decent but definitely not so great that I will want to come here again.
The customer service there is bad. We are almost $146, there and paid 15 percent tip there. The waitress told us if we paid cash, we will get $5 discount. So we paid cash in order to get that discount. We already paid $19 for tips. However, the waitress came back to us and told us we did not pay enough tips. We did our calculation and I think we did it right, but we still add $3 more on the tip.  However , the waitress still told us that we pad $5 less for the tips ..... so I told him..... u forgot the $5 discount that u said u gave us because we paid cash. ..... how stupid of the waitress in this restaurant ,for the $5 tips to make their customers feeling so bad after the dinner and actually it is their mistake on calculation.  I will never come back to this restaurant any more.Please if your restaurant need your customer pay an requested % of the tips, please put the required percentage and amount on the bill..... don't ask your customers to do their calculation because not all your customers are good on the mathematics !
First time here, they have a watermelon hotpot that looks very interesting. Other than that, it seems to be your traditional hotpot place. Hope this place will be good and stay for awhile since I live close to it.
Stopped by today and had the beef noodle soup and the flank steak over rice.  Nice, clean place not much character.The prices were good but the quality of the meat in both dishes was really poor.  The soup had fatty beef with lots of cartilage and the flank steak dish should have been called grizzle over rice.  It was seasoned well but could barely be chewed.Won't return.
Nice chic hotpot restaurant. The wintermelon pot for hot pot is pretty damn cool although it's not a new concept. I can't say it was anything exceptional, hence the 3 stars. But it's got potential and a nice place to bring friends to for something less ordinary. Service was fine as well. Adequate food and adequate service.
I would give this place a NEGATIVE 5 star if I could. WARNIG: come here at your own risk! I've never had to write such a bad review about any business on Yell but I'm absolutely adamant about this place!! The staff here are not only clueless and incompetent but the my also LIE to patrons in their face about there mistakes. Here is our experience today: after waiting for over 30 minutes, one of our party incidentally overheard the hostess giving our table to someone else and telling them to keep quiet about it. When we confronted the staff, a guy with bald head and glasses LIED to us and alleged that the other party, who does not have the basic common courtesy to wait for their turn, "made reservations earlier in the day" when the hostess already admitted that she made a mistake! We then requested to speak to a manger, the bald head LIAR claimed he's the manager!! Wow, beware people, the MANAGER at this place is a LIAR!! They don't have the basic competency to seat the patrons in order but then insults our intelligence by LYING about it!!! Message to the OWNER: if you want to stay in business in the competitive Flushing market and in this bad economy, you need to hire staff that are at least HONEST! Otherwise, you are wasting all your money spent on advertising and marketing. Message to the bald head LYING so-called manager: don't insult your customer's intelligence and go get another job bc you do not deserve to be in the service industry!! We will also be voicing our discontent to our friends and on other social medias. RESPONSE TO THE OWNER: While I appreciate you taking your time to read and respond to Yelp reviews, I can unequivocally reassure you that there is absolutely no misunderstanding or miscommunication between anyone and especially between your manager and hostess. Not only did one of our party member clearly heard the conversation in which the waitress told the cutting party to stay at the table and stay quiet AFTER they refused her demand for them to leave the table but I specifically asked the hostess to stay during the entire conversation we had with your incompetent manager. Furthermore, there were plenty witness to the entire conversation exchange where your manager pretty much admitted his DISHONEST conduct. Whether you as the owner wants to take affirmative steps to correct and properly train your staff or let them take your business down is completely up to you. But the fact remains unchanged that we caught your staff's LYING in action. I have already wasted enough time on this unhappy event.
I wish I can give this restaurant negative grade if I cloud . Today is my first  time coming here and it is LAST time,because it was a HORRIBLE dining experience here. I wont recommend this place to any of my friend but tell them do not come to this place otherwise you will definitely regret!!!First of all, servers' attitude are extremely rude .We've been seated at a corner when we came in, but at that time lots of tables were empty! Since this is our first time coming so me and my friend have no idea how to make a order, and nobody come to us to give a introduction of how to do it . So my friend just put three for each item she wants,  because she thought it's going to be very little for one order. Agent we done with ordering, one server took our order without confirmed with us  or noticed us how a big is one order and if we order too much cause of it's only for us two!  So when the server brought out so many the dishes on table , we realized we did order too much cause each one comes in a large portion, so we asked them right away is we could get some of the food returned since we didn't touch them and it just came out, we also apologized for the inconvenience. One server told us yes, but there is another server came over  and told us very rudely that we can not return the extra untouched dishes.He continued explained that the eggs are all from cans so can't be returned (Ridiculous! Have you ever heard the whole egg come from a CAN??? Or who can tell me you can eat 3 dish eggs =10 Pcs Eggs on 1 dish?) I couldn't stand his rudeness and unreasonable excuse so I request to talk to manger or boss, he responded that they were all absent today.I was so mad at the time cause of his rude attitude not just because he refused to return the extra food. And the worst is since this happened he never come to our table to check us. NON PROFESSIONAL AT ALL!!At that time I really want to immediately leave, I don't want to stay anymore!But I don't want my friend embarrassed,So I still adhere to eat the hot pot.It's not finish yet!Second we found the lettuce had a small DRAIN FLY on it!!! We couldn't believe what we saw, and it suddenly made us all too sick to continue to eat ! Finally, to be honest I have to say this restaurant doesn't taste good at all and some food are not eatable! And the service are horrible! You consume the amount of money and you get service, has serious deviation!I had a 'memorable' dinner today!But I still left a 15% tip, because i don't want other severs lose tips!Not recommended!Will not come back again!！The Flushing have so many places more better better to hotpot than Niu pot!
very good taste excellent servers its my first time came to niu pot from yelp i saw so im so excited about this i order the lobster pot love it and they offer me they news said share it to moment u will get free dessert drink，woop nice so i do it right the way taste good the hot pot is amzing they also got bbq too gonna come again for it
Came here on a Saturday afternoon at 1PM for lunch, and there was no wait for a table for three. Upon ordering, I recommend choosing the broth base that comes in either 1) A winter melon or 2) Water melon just because it's so much more fun cooking your food inside a melon! The restaurant is not all you can eat, and the quality of the food is decent. What one of the previous review mentioned is true, majority of the staff here are Mandarin-speakers that does not speak a lot of English. If you are not a native Mandarin speaker, and make a request in English the waiter would grab another waiter that does speak English, which can cause a delay in service. The waiters are not rude and our food came in a decent pace. We ordered both raw food for hot pot and grilled food hrough the checklist they provided, and I must say, the beef selection is fairly small. The plate of beer we ordered were in small portion, but it was on top of a huge bed of lettuce to make it look more than it is. One unique thing Niu offers aside from the melon pot is that they hand craft all their fish balls, and they have this thing called seaweed rice cake which taste like daikon with pudding texture. I recommend trying it, I have not saw that anywhere else in NY.One thing I highly recommend ordering (MUST TRY!) is their grilled section on the second page on top of drinks. I understand you're inside a hot pot place, but Niu have a bbq grill in the back that can serve their patron as appetizers. Try the beef rib slices with their special sauces, the beef rib slices is made medium rare like steak and the sauces pairs very well together. Definitely made my tummy a happy place to be.If you check in on Yelp, you're also provided a free order of grill BBQ squid. Hooray! The grill squid wasn't anything special, but it was well season. It did took a while for our table to received it. It is one grill squid per table, despite various check ins. Our bill came out to be $40 a person, and we were all very full. The ambience inside the restaurant is very modern with wooden bench tables with a hot pot stove in the middle of each table. The walls are white tiles, and the music being played were jazzy Christmas tunes. Niu is definitely what I consider a more high end hot pot restaurant, but for the service and the ambience you're provided I left as a happy diner and will definitely come back.
Niu Pot is definitely pricier than the average hot pot place, but I left very full and very happy! We got the winter melon soup, along with an assortment of very fresh meat and veggies. My favorite was the drunken shrimp - so good raw! - and their fish balls, which are stuffed with roe. Their modern interior and huge tables makes your dining experience very comfortable - you don't feel as if you're blocked in by mountains of food - but it is a little hard to talk to the people across from you!
The idea of melon pot is great, but it should at least have some decorations for the price.I can hear waiter and waitress talking and laughing in Chinese. It very unfortunate for customer like be me, because I cannot understand them. The price is high in flushing, but ok compare to other place in the city. But nothing stands out in terms of the service or the taste.
Really nothing to rave about.  Staff wasn't very friendly.  Food was just ok.  Didn't understand the melon hot pot.  They cut the winter melon and put it in the hotpot with some water on the outside, and soup inside the melon but it was small and deep.  Couldn't really cook out of it.  Doesn't look like it was meant for sharing but the price for it for one person is a lot.  Food selection wasn't great.  Only thing that was good was that they have a wide variety of beer to choose from.
What is the point of having store hours if you are going to stop serving people an hour before you close? At 11:03pm, on a Saturday, my party of two was turned away even though they are supposedly open until 12am.
very bad seating system! And service as well.We came here around 6 30pm, and have been told that there is a large group of people are dine in right now, so we need to wait approximate 40mins. we choose to wait, because there is only one group of two people in front of us. After around 30mins, there are two groups of four came in. It looks like the large group is almost done, and we were dying to eat. However, they put the four-people in first, because the former large group is using the table that has two stove to fit in 4 people. And for us, they just say wait for the two people table is available. And there are two two-people table are getting checks now. Alright, after 1 hour and half waiting, we finally got seated. Hope the manager will improve the seating system. One star for the contemporary decorate.
Really not what we were expecting. Our neighboring table found some small flies in their winter melon pot, which I found that disgusting. We left right after. Food was pretty fresh, service is mediocre. Hope they will provide a better service and be more careful on the food they serve. Don't recommend. It's the same as any other place. It's probably the winter melon pot that attracts people.
Giving them one star is even too much. I don't understand what the hype is about. Came here on a Sunday night at 6:00, they told us the wait was 40 minutes. It's been 1h40minutes and we still didn't get our table yet. Every single time we went up and asked, she would say 'the next table is yours'. But she also said that to 3 other customers. At the end, we had to combine table with other customers and sat right in front of their bathroom. Their food is overly priced and small quantity. Service sucks, no smiles and waited 10 more minutes for the menu to come. Won't be coming here again, very disappointed.* they have pre-made sesame sauce for you to dip, and different sauce jars when you ask for it. When the sauce jar doesn't have any more sauce and I asked for a refill. They came back saying there's no more sauces but later on I saw it on another table. *waited 20 minutes for food, they served the wrong meat to my table. When the tray of food came, I asked the waiter where the homemade fish paste is and he clearly did not know. The fish paste does not have any flavor to it. *we ordered the winter melon pot and the bottom was burning, they did not come and add any water to it until we asked.
for a hotpot lover i was excited to try this place but was extremely disappointed. there were not a lot of choices for a non-ayce hotpot place. it was expensive and the beef portion was so small but so expensive! we ordered the wintermelon pot and they gave us the smallest wintermelon which made me wonder how 4 people can actually eat out of it. we had to have them give us a bigger one..i def will not be eating here again
3.5 starsThe meats were really nice and tender.  The portions are rather small.  They place the meat on top of a high bed of lettuce.The soup base that we got (herb chicken) was okay.Veggie portions were good, but seemed like nothing once cooked.I go to hotpot mainly for the sliced meats, so I was content.  My wife is picky, and she didn't like that they do not have a sauce/condiment station.  Instead, yo get a communal mini bowl of hot oil, and a dry XO.  Also each person gets a mini bowl of sesame paste, and a wet hot sauce with shallots.They grill food for you too on a grill which is in the back of the restaurant.Service is very good.  The place looks nice and clean.  The white tiles make it look like you're eating in a bathroom, remarked my MIL.I would go back... my wife said she will not.  So I guess I'll have to bring another girl, HAHA
The staff is unhelpful, rude, and overall bad. I made a reservation, and showed up 10 minutes before my time. One female staff said they were cleaning up a table for us, then another staffer gave our table away to another party. We then had to wait 30 minutes for a table. Nobody came go check up on our table, and while they came to our neighbors to cut up their winter melon, nobody came to offer to cut ours. We then had to complain to multiple people just to get our parking ticket paid for the full 2 hours, even though we wasted 30 minutes since they gave our table away. Apparently even though we had 2 cars, our free 2 hours was split into one hour per car. However, they do not mention a car limit at all. Their website says there is free parking but it's really not. The garage was also rude, and made us pay for a full hour because we were 2 minutes over our time limit. We were 2 minutes over because we had to wait for someone to come help us.
It was interesting how it was hotpotting in a wintermelon but it was really expensive and there wasn't a lot of food. The wintermelon itself was $20. I don't it was really worth it.
My overall experience was very positive at this restaurant. We came here a few nights ago for  dinner, and was promptly seated.Location: It was within 5 mins walk from the main street subway station. It is on Main St and occupies a fairly sizable section at the street corner so very hard to miss.Interior: Very modern and spacious, super high ceiling. There's plenty of space for everyone, seating, walking, and waiters/waitresses. Most restaurants try to cram as many tables/seats in as little space as possible....Service: Impeccable... I felt like I was in a Michelin star restaurant. The waiter gave us a quick run through of the menu, some recommendations, as well as some specials for the day. All waiters/waitresses were very attentive the whole time - changing plates, adding soup (for the hot pot), refilling water/tea...etcFood: Hotpot Food menu items were very fresh, BBQ menu tastes great! I've added some pictures so you can see yourself. Desert: You have got to try the MILK PUDDING... it is SO GOOD, period. Leave some room because you might want a second serving.Very impressed with this place and definitely coming back!
Honestly, I don't understand all the negative reviews for this place. I have to say my experience here was excellent!Service A++BBQ Food A+Cleanliness A++Only downside is the pricing on certain items such as the rice and udon $2-$4. However, I expected if you simply look at the decor and location. The wait staff was extremely attentive, maybe because it's a slow weekday. If it is busy, it is understandable if the service is a bit slow since the staff might be overwhelmed. - Our servers changed the plates 4+ times.- Waiter was not pushy, he suggested that we ordered enough and could order more later if we are still hungry.- Water pitcher was always refilled- Empty plates were cleared away promptlyIt was my graduation celebration, so we ordered a bit more. the bill for 4 ppl came to about $170 including tip. I would definitely recommend this place.
Good environment, great service, high quality meat, good experience here!! Everyone should give a try~~~
It's actually my second time in niu pot,  we ordered the winter melon pot, the soup was great and flavorful and it doesn't make me thirsty after eating like other hot pot restaurants do. Their beef is definitely high quality，MUST TRY!!! I also like their atmosphere and their interior decor, feel like eating in an upscale restaurant in Williamsburg, very trendy and classic. The best part is my jacket didn't smell like hot pot after. I guess this is probably because they have very high ceiling. My experience dinning in niu pot was excellent and wish they will open one in the city soon.
The place is clean, and the food was delicious. Loved the whole winter melon pot idea. If you're not afraid of beef tongue, get it! They gave us a large amount of it. Watermelon juice was fresh and yummy. A bit pricey, and would recommend coming here with more than two people. I would probably come back again for the pumpkin pot with a group of friends. Overall pretty good, but service could be better(no tea was served till later after we ordered, and the waitress had to ask again if we had ordered after 10 minutes in putting in the order, took awhile for the raw food to arrive). Overall a 3.5 experience, rounding it up because of the food.
Food it's just average, just like any other hot pot places in flushing, service is ok. They dnt have a sauce station tho, u need to ask the servers for sauces which is so inconvenient!!! And it's pricy too for hot pot. I give an extra star for the gimmick n creativity, otherwise this place only worth 1 star to me.
Love their winter melon hot pot and all the grill items. We had beef tongue, oysters, and the kaaba, all taste fabulous !! We had awesome experience and great time. Definitely coming back and have more of these yummy food.
When it comes to a unique experience for hotpot, this is the place to be. The food taste great and is presented nicely to you. Their unique melon hotpot and new seafood steam pot are one of a kind. The pricing is  a little more than your typical hotpot place, but it is worth the price for the taste and experience. I feel comfortable and relax when sitting in this place to eat. There is plenty of room to move around and the circulation is great. My experience here at niu pot has been amazing and would definitely come back again. I recommend anyone who is a hotpot lover to come try out this place. In addition they have some amazing bbq selections fresh off the grill.
In my opinion this is the best place to go for high quality hot pot. True the price is not cheap, but you really get to enjoy the best. Lamb and beef are amazingly fresh and tasty. The soup base are innovative yet delicious. Service was very good too. The environment is very open and spacious, in contrast to most other hot pot places which are usually crowded. Overall, definitely your go to if you wanna high quality hot pot!
On a cold winter afternoon, it's always nice to go for hotpot to warm up. I went here for the winter melon hotpot and had a decent experience. The hype of having a winter melon hotpot had drawn me here. Some of the things my friends and I ordered were: cuttlefish, meatballs, squid, mushroom, beef strips, lettuce, some type of glass noodles, and scallops. The food took a little longer than expected to come and the service was OK. It took a while for the waitress to refill our tea and to cut up our melon. Overall, decent experience.
I like hot pot so much. I have been to here for so many times. Melon pot is interesting but one of my favorite is always spicy pot.  Handmade dish ball is so good.A lot of handmade beverage and special dish you can choose. Good service! Recommend it.
Great food!! Their winter melon drink is the best!! You will never find something similar around queens. The place is unique and great food! It is great quality food with excellent atmosphere.
Yummy pumpkin hotpot. The beef is good here. love the homemade beef and fish tofu balls. Took the leftover pumpkin broth to go! great service and sauce tray.
I can see why this restaurant is fast becoming popular as it is fully packed when I came here. First off, I really love their interiors; trendy and modern rustic. Their servers are friendly and helpful. And their signature winter melon broth is definitely a must-try. The way they present it is that they serve the entire melon in the pot and as you cook it over time, the broth is becoming more flavorful and you can scoop the melon and eat it. I don't think I have seen it anywhere else. They also serve quality fresh meats here and fresh made meatballs (which makes all the difference in my opinion ). I would also recommend the grilled shrimps skewer and beef tongue skewer. And I also loved their dipping sauce (special recipe indeed).
The beef was great,  the pot is nothing special just a melon pot.  All the other food was average but the service is somehow average too.  Those waiters n waitress never look at you, or the table.they look at the wall and walk pass you without notice you are looking at them.  Even you wave at them,  it takes time for them to know that you are looking for them.  The handmade shrimp ball was ok,  the beef was great,  the drunk shrimp portion is way too small.   Overally is average hotpot place,  the day we went,  there were a group of ppl that talks really loud n yell at everything that they put into the pot which that makes me alittle annoy.  The restaurant is very cold inside,  i dont even know where these wind come from?  Will try again.
I love this place coz the back ground music always nice ,food yammy ^^ will go there again again hahahaha
It's edible, but there are a few kinks to work out. For one, the watermelon juice was a nice touch but it really needs to be cut with some water it's just too sweet and syrupy otherwise. The soup for the watermelon hot pot also needs a good hit of salt. Halfway through the meal, the already bland broth took on a sweet flavor, but not in a good way. I left feeling like I needed to eat a bag of lays. I won't be coming back here, there are too many factors working against it for that: out of the way, unfinished flavors, awkward table-chair height ratio.
Creative ways to hotpot! Everything is Super fresh! Addicting good! Different types of beef, seafood and their BBQ items are to die for.
I have no idea why there are so many bad comments. Niu Pot is the best hot pot restaurant in New York I have ever been. Most of people complain about waiting tables and seat system, It is normal to wait for the table on weekends, especially waiting for this kind of fancy restaurant, just come earlier and you will have your nice spot to sit. I love their house winter melon!!! Creative and delicious!!! I ordered cage free chicken which they recommend it is good with winter melon, SUPER amazing! MUST try house winter melon juice and plum juice!!! Cozy place for traditional Cantonese style food. I LOVE it and will definitely come again!!!!
SUCH A PITY. This place has so much potential. Great food/drinks and place itself, but such slow servers who do not speak a lick of English. Yes, they give you the menu where you can check off what you want, but how slow can it be putting the orders in the POS and delivering the UNCOOKED food to our table? Mind you, the place is a ghost town. There were probably around 3 tables including ours. It took about 30 minutes for our stuff to come out, and it wasn't even all at once. It was one....by one...by one. Maybe the service has gotten better after my visit here. I would definitely like to give it a go once more, but I'm going to wait my visit out a bit longer and wait for other people to try it.
Idea was cool but services are awful!! Food only ok...$$$$$$$$$$$$$ totally not worth the money!
Food is a little bit more expensive compared to your standard hot pot place, but you get what you pay for. Food is really fresh, dumplings are made in-house, and the milk custard dessert is delicious. I order it every time I come.
One star is even too much.Their service was horrible and the waitresses were unprofessional and rude.At first, we were told only to wait for 20 minutes for a party 5. So, we decided to wait. Later on, I decided for my dad to join us which was only one more person to the list and we told the waitress. She told us to wait a few minutes and so we did. A few minutes later, another party was seated before us also a party of 6, and we questioned how much longer we needed to wait. The waitress in the front, which I thought of as especially rude, decided to tell us that we had to wait another 20-30 minutes. This was also very rude of them because they did not bother to tell us in the first place and we also had two kids and an elderly waiting. This might've seem okay but this happened on multiple occasions. The whole family was very keen on trying out this new restaurant in town but after multiple occasions of bad seating systems, we decided that this restaurant was not worth the while.
Free parking! This is a super PLUS dinning in Flushing! Like they say Niu Pot is the best hot pot in New York. Fresh Food, nice Decor, great service! I am from Canton and I must say this is authentic Cantonese hot pot. I had a great time with my friends and family in Niu Pot. Highly recommend!!!
Poor service! Made me so mad! I stand at the front for more than 15 mins, no one asks me if I want a seat or what. At the first min, a guy asked me need help or not then he's disappeared. There were two ladies walked in later than me.A girl came up and asked if they need help then ignored me standing up there for more than 15 mins then she left! She left without asking me to get me a seat. After 15 mins, she finally asked me if I need help. I don't understand if it's because I'm wearing casual shirt hoodie sneaker so she thinks I can't pay a lot or what or I look like that young can't afford the meal ?
The winter melon is super small comparing to the other table!!!! And they say it's all the same size -.- I'm super speechless.
OMG！this should be the best hotspot place in NY. Even better than mister hotpot. A little pricy but totally worth it. The winter watermelon pot is creative and tasty. I think it's bc of the chicken broth. The beef and veggies r the same as everywhere else. But the soup base makes everything delicious. They have a wide selection of sauce (which I love!),desserts (really good) and soft drinks(and craft beer). Besides, you can order BBQ too. I've tried almost every hotpot places in flushing and I definitely recommend this one.   Only downside, more expensive than average hotpot places.
This is not the first time I have been to this restaurant but it will definitely be the last one! 1st of all, the waitress has no knowledge of the menu. Every time we ask about a item on the menu, she's like "oh, it's a new item and I don't know". 2nd, we ordered a drink which was not made correctly. They offered to make a new one, which we agreed. But we did not get the new drink until after multiple requests and finally get it at the end of the meal. 3rd, they have a raffle going on and we won a VIP card which supposed to give us discount. We ask on 3 separate occasions if the VIP card can be use this time and was told it should be ok. But guess what, they refuse the give the discount when we call for check!4th, the waitress refused to validate our parking because we spend $92(it needs to be over $100). Instead of turning down a return customer, wouldn't it be better to ask if customer is willing to order an extra dish or desert to make up the difference?I really don't see a reason why I would want to go back to this restaurant again!!
Omg, this place is crazy. We have being waiting for an hour because we were only two people. Even there are sits which they said could only give to people with 2 or more. There is no place like here! If it was a huge table for 6 people or more, ok it's fine. But 4 people's table and couldn't let us to sit is ridiculous! So some people behind us don't even have to wait! They really should not do that! If I had the choice I would not even give them a star! Horrible!! Don't come! I have been using Yelp for many years and this is my first review, you know why? Cause I can't stand this place!
I wish we had more places like this in San Francisco. The winter melon was amazing. We came here with a large group of people, and the staff was very helpful in getting us a big enough table. They were very attentive and helped us order. Not only that, but I must have had 1000 bowls of their peanut appetizer. Everything is really fresh. They care about hot pot and it really shows. Not only that, but they have a great selection of beers which seems rare in Flushing. I will definitely make this a regular spot for hot pot. Sorry Elmhurst!
My new favorite hotpot spot ! The decor is different from your usual flushing scene. As the ventilation here is great so you don't leave smelling like food. Haha. The servers are very on point and help is always available if you have questions. The food is delicious, and the pot... The pot is so cool! They have different bases for soup with wintermelon or watermelon as the pot! How cool is that! Was a little pricy but overall we had a wonderful experience :)!
Food: Food quality is not that amazing. I've had much better hotpot places in flushing (i.e., Fukuoaka, Dolar Shop, Mister Hotpot), where the quality of the meats especially are amazing.  The first time I went, I ordered the wintermelon pot because my friends & I figured that would taste better than the watermelon pot. For one, if you are a seafood lover, you will instantly fall in love with the broth, it has a strong fish smell & small dried pieces of baby shrimp (size of a red ant). Also, I am displeased with the sauces they offer. Usually I like to create my own dipping sauce. However in this case they made their own, & when I asked for the mixing station (all hotpot restaurants have this), they brought over a mini tray with very limited selection. If I can't make a good sauce for my food, then I can't enjoy my hotpot. If you are like me & is all about creating the best dipping sauce, this might not be the place for you. Service: Not that I was not satisfied with service, I felt that they should hire more waiters & waitresses who speak more English. For one, I am a fluent Chinese speaker so it wasn't hard for me to order. However, whenever my friend needed anything she'd politely call for the waiter & ask for whatever she needed in English. The waiter then proceeded to stare in a confused way for a good amount of time before saying okay and walked away. Shortly after, this waiter brings another waiter who spoke more English than he did. Almost all the waiters barely spoke any English. If you do not speak Mandarin Chinese, I advise to bring a friend who does because majority of the waiters do not speak English.Uniqueness: I for one, had to try this hotpot place out because I am a big fan of hotpot. This place was unique because it is one of the first hotpot places in Flushing that can cook your hotpot inside a wintermelon or watermelon. How cool is that? Supposedly the melon cooks with your broth & makes the broth tastes  better (I'm not too sure about that, but sure whatever they say). Although the idea of cooking your food inside a melon is cool, it is actually pretty frustrating. First of all, your melon is small, meaning you can only cook a few pieces of food at one time (literally, like 2 pieces of beef & 2 pieces of veggies) without having the pot overflow. Also, as the pot cooks the waiter told us that we can slowly scrape the insides of the melon & eat it. Of course, that was also a unique idea, but it didnt taste good. The soup probably absorbed all the flavors from the melon.Location: In the middle of Flushing, near the Library (walkable distance)Opinion: Would I come back? Never again. I mean, don't get me wrong, honestly eating out of a melon was a pretty good experience. However, It's good to try at least once for yourself.
Something different. Came here to try the winter melon pot, exceed my expectation but definitely a bit pricey for the winter melon pot. It is $20 for the pot and additional $3 per person fee for the whole table.Half way during our dinner, we learn that the waitress can assist to slice the side of the winter melon into the pot to eat, it was quite delicious.Meat - pork, beef, seafood were very fresh.I had a toddler with me during dinner, very attentive waitresses and staff. Will definitely come back.
amazing fresh cuts. ask for nicole before u sit for a good time with ur friends and family. esp on a date
by far the best hotpot in flushing but expensive for hotpot. the lobster broth is strange...
Best hot pot restaurant in flushing!!! Must try the bbq fish, beef tongue, and steak. Everything is so fresh. Highly recommend this place to everyone.
I visited today for lunch special. This is my first time to try this new hot pot place and I think it's pretty good! The service was pretty good. The waiter and waitress are all very nice, explaining the lunch special combo patiently and also help me to remove some spicy oil and peppers in the spicy soup (I think it's very thoughtful, because I was worry it's gonna be too spicy). The whole space feel relaxed and clean, the music also not too loud and helped create a nice comfortable mood. The lunch special combo itself was quite nice! Well balanced portion of everything, a lot of veggies, some meat and handmade meat balls, a small piece of fish, udon. And I like that even lunch special can have 2 soup base (half and half spicy and non spicy). I think it's a good deal for a $16 dollar (plus tax and tip is around $20) lunch hot pot.Overall, I think it's not bad. I would like to visit again!
Delicious food, amazing meats, and tasty Chinese vegetables. It's nice to find such a good restaurant in Flushing. This place opened recently and is well worth the visit. Everything is so fresh and I love the look and feel of the restaurants. For the quality of food, it's reasonably priced. I'm looking forward to trying some of the other things on the menu next time I'm in the area!!
Overpriced and no better than the hundred hot pot places in Flushing. It lacks your own sauce making station. Upside is that the steak ribeye is done pretty well from the grill station.No I was there total three time--I was there during grand opening days though
I came here with my coworkers total 8 people. It is a little bit wait since this place is so popular, but we ordered drinks and BBQ while we are waiting. The restaurant is nicely designed, simple and classic. The best is the meat, excellent, and I like the house shrimp ball as well. It was about $40 average per person, may be a little bit pricy compared to other hot pot restaurants in Flushing, but the atmosphere and food quality is better. Definitely recommended for people who has a life style and demands quantity food.
We ordered winter melon pot. It's a little expensive but tastes good, not oily. The beef is fresh. The environment is good, no weird smell, no oily floor. Dessert is a must try!!! Highly recommend!
This was my first time trying HotPot and I decided to try it because all of my friends raved about it, it was my first experience with asian food and I felt very welcomed despite me being non Asian , they helped me choose and I LOVEDDD what they recommended me ( winter melon ) and other dishes that I forgot how to pronounce l. I will be coming back when I'm around flushing again
I was very impressed when I found out this hidden gems in flushing. The decor is pretty unique and the restaurant is very clean compared to other hot pot restaurants which I like it a lot. For the food part, we order grilled beef tongue, grilled fresh oyster( Chinese style) and sea bass from the BBQ section which is super tasty, highly recommended! we also try their signature winter melon hot pot which is very interesting and delicious. This restaurant has already became my favorite hot pot place now.
Fresh ingredients, trendy atmosphere, great service! Gotta try the winter melon hot pot..awesome!
This place was amazing! Their Hot Pot, obviously the best I've had, but their service was genuine and on point, unlike other places on main or even northern. If you're looking to take people out for dinner or lunch, this place is the go to! I seriously wished I found out about this place sooner..
One of those Craving for hot pot night, decided to give a try on this place . Average food, average broth with pleasant presentation. Unreasonable price but Service was good tho.
gloria was a really good waitress. She spoke fluent English and as an abc I really needed that.
Not the best hotpot place, first time come here and will be last time here too, BBQ beef tongue is not tender and hard to chew! Grill fish is very good! Quality of the food and the price paid is not equal
This is the best hot pot place in flushing the server are really nice they helped me pack up my to go . My flavor is the melon pot the only store that has this kind of hot pot in New York City . I'll come back again for sure
Came here with my family and we ordered the watermelon and winter melon hot pots.  The sweet watermelon flavor combined with the broth was delicious.  The winter melon soup after the hot pot was also excellent.  We also ordered a bunch of side dishes and they were equally delicious.  The place is very clean and after dinner, we went to Tous Le Jours next door for dessert!
My husband and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. As soon as we entered the restaurant, we felt at home. Unlike most of the hotpot places, the decor here is very modern and stylish, which provides a very comfortable and relaxed dining environment. The service was extremely good. It was our first time, so our waiter went through the menu with us, gave us good recommendations when we needed. The food came out quickly, all in good quality, and very fresh. We enjoyed the famous winter melon hot pot, the soup was so delicious and healthy (a big plus)! They have a self-serving sauce station, you can go up and make your own sauce. The station is clean and non-greasy. The waiters and waitresses were very attentive. They offered to cook the seafood for us since we might cook it for too long. We also ordered some BBQ, they were all very tasty. They have a wide selection of drinks too, including the unique winter lemon drink.  A must try!  We ended our dinner with a heavenly delicious dessert, called 双皮奶 (milk pudding). I wished that I did not eat that much, so my stomach would have more room to take in a second serving. We will definitely come back.
All food are very fresh and delicious! Very nice and intimate place for friends hang out here!
I was really excited to try this place because of the pumpkin pots and melon pots but then something happened that make me dislike this place. As I was having my meal, one of the waiter brought out more food that my mom have ordered and I don't really know what caused him to screamed out "FUCK" really loud while he was placing the dishes down on to the table that was cramped between my table and another table that was next to me. Maybe he hit his toes really hard or he hit his crotch but that doesn't matter, you should not scream out something so vulgar especially when you screamed directly at a customer's ear. I've never felt so embarrass at a restaurant ever because after he screamed, everyone looked at my direction and he started limping back into the kitchen. That moment was so awkward that I couldn't even enjoyed my meal anymore because I didn't understand what caused him to scream. This shows that Niu Pot needs to hire more experienced workers.
The worst hot pot I've tried ever! The foods are expensive, quality is low, even the portion is so small. We ordered water melon juice, I could tell the water melon is not fresh at all, and it had been made for a while before I ordering it. I did not drink it after first try. For the soup base only, they chargers is $29(3ppl). What a rob! I will never ever come back again nor recommend to my friend. I will suggest them to save money n stay away.
This place is horrible. The management is completely a mass. The food is just like any other hot pot place in flushing. I thought I would be impress by the watermelon hotpot, but it taste so plain like water. My hubby and I were waiting for the meat. After sitting for 1 hour finish eating all the vegetable on the table, meat is still not here!! We asked the waiter, he said he will bring it up. After another 30mins, I was completely pissed. I was hungry and tired after work, I just want a nice dinner to treat myself. So I asked politely if I can speak with the manager. The manager do not want to speak to me. Fine. I asked for the check, and meat still not here. I will give one star for just the innovation of the hotpot. Food? Lmao. Don't even bother. Little lamb is a lot better. Btw, just the vegetable, without meat,no seafood, they charge us $80.  This is crazy!!! How much can two people can possibly eat for $80 of vegetable?!!!!
Good food. Better than other Chinese buffet hotspot place. Recommend to go if you want better dinning experience.
have to order the fresh chicken and put them in first so that you would have a great pot of chicken and winter melon soup! so good
If you decide to eat here, waiter and waitress do not know what they are doing. Be prepare to be waiting for a long time.
good atmosphere. fresh food.  a bit pricey than average hotpot, but worth it.
2 Stars - "Meh. I've experienced better." Not the best hot pot place which is unfortunate because I think it's a cute place. It's pretty small, waiting took a long time but they have a little waiting area with seats and they give you cups of tea (which was nice of them I guess). I think it's so unique that they have watermelon soups and winter melon? soups. It's literally hotpotting in a melon which is cute BUT it's so pricey. I got the winter melon which was $20 + $3 per person so yes the soup itself was $32. I would much rather order more meat with that money. Other than them giving tea while waiting, I didn't like their service. It takes them so long to refill tea, and they didn't give us the stand for the ladles. This was disappointing because every other table had one. We had to ask for ladles. Like come on. That should be the first thing you give. Also, they didn't give us the stands, so the ladles were touching the raw meats. To end this review, I'd also like to add that they only have 2 sauce options. They just put it on your table. Not a fan of the sauces either. Needless to say, I won't be coming back.
