I'm thrilled that there's a new vegetarian place in flushing. The food here is great and the prices are very reasonable. The portions are relatively large. I had a mango roll and a Thai spicy roll and they are the size of small burritos. Both were fantastic. The Thai spicy roll had a very tasty spicy mayo on it. My boyfriend ordered a vegetable tempura bento box and the tempura was incredibly crispy. The bento box comes with a salad and a very refreshing lemon dressing. It also came with a choice of soup. We picked the hot and sour soup which I thought was too salty and not sour enough. Overall the food was very satisfying and I'll definitely be coming back here. :)
Vegetarian Japanese restaurant. Food was really good! No faux meat here. Instead you'll find rolls, bento boxes and noodles. Got the avocado peanut roll, inari roll, sweet potato roll, and mushroom tempura roll. Also tried the chickpea curry bento box. Everything tasted great. The rolls could have been assembled and rolled a little better, but enjoyed the mushroom tempura the most. Chickpea curry was also great.Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu.
This is my favorite restaurant in all of Queen's, NY.Located conveniently across the street from Flushing Hospital Medical Center, FHMC staff, and visitors enjoy their awesome vegetarian dishes. I frequent here for lunch and dinner!The food is so tasty and healthy!The restaurant is clean and the ambiance is very soothing.The owners and staff are professional and personable. They care very much about their food, service and guests. It is always a great pleasure to dine here, and convenient to take out.The menu is creative and the prices are very fair. The portions will leave you satisfied and nourished but never weighed down.I love the fact they cook with extra virgin olive oil.I highly recommend Green Recipes for lunch, dinner, or events! One of my favorite rolls of the tiger eye, it is out of this world. A healthy style comfort food!The vegetable soup is perfect as a side. Or its own meal. My go to soup when I am feeling under the weather as well.The hot and sour soup, and miso soup are delicious too!Green Recipes will become an instant favorite to anyone who tries it!
