High ceilings, industrial design, and a great place to enjoy chicken wings with a pitcher of beer! We thoroughly enjoyed our $30 set on a Sunday evening. The original soy garlic wings taste much better than the spicy ones. Look forward to try the rest of the menu!
Pleasant surprise of a chill Korean chicken-serving bar in Flushing.Amongst all the chaos and traffic in Flushing, tucked away on Prince Street, is The Coop. No, they don't serve dim sum, Korean BBQ or soup dumplings, like what feels like every establishment in Flushing, but instead they give you a hip, city-like hangout that is pretty hard to find in this area.We dropped in on a Friday evening at around 8:30pm for 14 people, which we had to make a reservation for. In fact, not only did we have to make a reservation, but we had to guarantee a tab of at least $30 per person. Honestly, it wasn't an issue that we would probably spend that much per person, but the fact it's a restaurant requirement kind of irked me a bit. Anyhow, it didn't ruin our experience though.Our group gradually came in, but I was told that we were allowed to sit immediately despite the entire party not being there all together. Throughout the evening, I would have to say the service from our waitress was very good. She was attentive, quick with the service and friendly. We ordered ... ordered ... and ordered some more and let's just say we easily breezed by the $30 per person requirement.I won't comment on every single item, but here's a list of some of what we ordered:Lychee SojuLarge order of Half & Half Coop WingsBulgogiSeafood Jeon - Seafood pan cake with mussels, prawns, squid and spring onionJogae Tang - Clear clam soup with onions and peppersKimchi Fried Rice - Stir fried kimchi and Ham. Rice topped with a fried eggLA Galbi LA - Barbequed beef short ribs with grilled vegetable and saladPulled PorkAs for what really stood out, first, if you're going to order the wings, beware that if you order any hot wings, they are not playing around. Everyone on our side of the table definitely felt the heat from them, so if you're not a heat seeker, go with the soy garlic only. The Jogae Tang, the clear clam soup, was another item that made its mark. However, it wasn't a highlight. Even though the clams were huge and plentiful, the soup was very bland and watery. The last item that etched a mark in my memory was the pulled pork. It was very flavorful, tender and very easy to eat. It was some of the better pulled pork I'd actually had in while. If you're curious about the other items on our list, they were all on point and worthy of ordering, but don't expect to be really impressed. They were solid and tasty.Overall, the atmosphere was perfect. For a sports-bar environment, it wasn't very loud. OK, so we couldn't hear what the other side of our large table was conversating about, so we had to have isolated conversations with our side, but I expected the place to actually be louder. There were 2 TVs that I noticed inside, one massive one on the wall, and another smaller one above the bar. Most of the seating inside is bench-seating, so if your back can't handle it, maybe this isn't your spot. As a group, it seemed everyone enjoyed themself, and by that, I mean the food was really good and the place was chill. It didn't hurt that the service was on the mark too.
The wing is just deadly delicious. Crispy,rich flavors,juicy you name it. The best part with this restaurant is you can customize the half&half. So i asked for just 4 spicy wings and the rest soy garlic. The spicy wing is perfect, perfect amount of spiciness.The kimchi fry rice, very dry for my taste. Kimchi fry rice but i seee no kimchi. Just stay with wings here. Don't do no rice.When it comes to the drinks, im so disappointed. How can the food be so good and the drinks taste like shit. Its overly sweet like im drinking straight sugar water with strawberry flavor for 25 buck. No comment. End up just getting a pitcher of beer. I guess ill stick will beer when i come back here next time. Overall very good service, wings is a must try thing.
Traveled all the way to flushing for the fried chicken here! They had many options for chicken, we went with the large order of wings with a mix of soy garlic and spicy. They were nice and allowed us to choose how many of each type of wings we wanted, since I only wanted a taste of the spicy. Also got an order of the spicy rice cakes. The service was fine and the food served decently quickly. The wings were good but not the best I've had. We were warned about how spicy the spicy wings were and they were right, but it was definitely tasty and not unbearable. The soy garlic was also good. I was a bit disappointed that they did not have drumsticks but the wings were nice and crispy. The spicy rice cakes were good, pretty standard, though for $15 felt to be a bit pricy. Overall not bad and not a bad choice if I lived closer. Not worth the travel in my opinion though
Thoroughly enjoyed my visit here when I came for dinner with friends.I ordered some seasoned fried chicken in dakgangjung flavor, and it was a bit more... soy-sauce-y and spicier than I had expected, but not too bad! It was fried well and juicy inside. However, the size of the pieces were slightly on the smaller side.I loved the pumpkin cheese dish they had, best to eat when fresh and hot! So much cheesy goodness. It gets a little hard and less gooey when it cools down so it doesn't taste as good later. The seafood pancake was super crispy and a little bit more on the thick side, very filling and delicious!I got the blueberry cocktail and it was DELICIOUS, it came with fresh berries! Super sweet, personally liked it more than the peach soju cocktail that we also ordered. Speaking of the peach soju cocktail, it was very sweet and also came in a pretty big pitcher. Not sure how strong it is, but definitely gets the job done to get you lit!The French fries also were a good portion size and were also the same kind of crispy as the seafood pancake!The only reason I give this place 4 stars is that we had to flag down our server every single time we wanted something, and she disappeared once for at least 15 minutes when we wanted the check. Atmosphere is simply lit and a little cramped. Noise level is high because of the people and the korean music they play. Also have multiple TVs with sports playing.
For sure this is one of my favorite fried chicken restaurants in competition with mad for chicken. It's located in Flushing so it was pretty convenient to get to. They usually decorate the restaurant for special times of the month like Halloween. Whenever I come here I ALWAYS go for there soy garlic chicken. No doubt will you be upset from it. During happy hours I always get oysters for a dollar each which is always fresh and tasty. This is a place that is always serious about good quality and food service.
I'm a fan! Came here with three people on a Saturday around 7pm and got seated immediately. The chicken was delicious and cooked perfectly- crispy and spicy! Mushroom stew was actually quite tasty too, along with the egg omelet thing. Quick service; nice waitress got us free shots and took them with us. Would come again for drinks and dinner... or when I'm craving solid Korean fried chicken again  Happy hour menu has good choices too.
I've been wanting to come here for a while and finally did for a friend's birthday dinner a few months ago. It was pretty dim and dark inside like most gastropubs I've been to. The restaurant is pretty long and has a lot of seating, We came on a Friday night and boy was it crowded, busy and loud as well. The menu seemed very limited, but we did make an effort to try different menu items. We ordered The Coop wings: soy sauce and spicy. I typically don't eat chicken wings (for personal reasons), but the soy sauce chicken wings was pretty good. The Japchae was cooked right, but tasted mediocre. I've definitely had better. The bulgogi quesadilla was okay, not something I would typically like to order or have. The seafood Jeon was cooked perfectly and had good flavor! We also ordered the Pane seafood cream udon which I actually liked because it was something different that I typically don't see at Korean restaurants. It was creamy, cheesy and delicious. The last menu item we tried was their spam fries which I thought was quite interesting. Mostly Filipino restaurants serve spam fries .The spam fries were crisp and delicious, but I would have preferred having the banana ketchup to dip with.Overall, I thought the food was just okay. It does have a Korean and Asian twist to some of the typical food you would find at a gastropub. Service was okay. The chances of returning would be 50/50 because I typically don't like going to super loud, 'I can't hear what my friends are saying' type of places. Food didn't really wow me and it was also a little pricey for the portion/size of the food.
I LOVE CHICKEN WINGS. KOREAN CHICKEN WINGS.Food is always 5/5 here. It's located in One Fulton Square in Flushing, NY. Really convenient to get to for a lot of people who live in queens. The service is great here even when it is 2am in the morning. The wings here are crispy on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside. They are rich with flavor, whether it is soy garlic or hot. The hot tends to be on the spicier side so be careful if you can't eat spicy! Other than the wings, I usually get the Bulgogi Quesadilla and the Sweet Potato fries as well. The Bulgogi Quesadilla is one of my favorite dishes out of the whole menu. It is a nice Korean twist on a Mexican dish and it comes with a salad and sour cream to dip on the side. I ordered the BudaeJigae a couple times as well. Portion of it is huge! You can definitely share it among 3 people at least. I want to try stopping by for happy hour here one day to try their oysters cause I heard a lot of good things about them too!
So my two friends and I sometimes go to the coop. But today was the first time the waitress actually called us out on not tipping enough. I thought we tip on how good the service was. The food was alright. We had to wait a long time to put in our orders and waited a while to get our food and drinks( no bartender). Because of us waiting for so long we didn't tip the 'required' amount. There was only two people working the floor. I was surprised that they actually stopped us from walking out just so they get their tip. Other then this my experience here was great.
Located in a little nook in flushing but here's nothing little about the wings or ambience of this place. Let's start with the food: ahhhhhmazing. Tried two kinds of wings and they both hit the spot and were right on with flavor. They have a wide variety of options on their menu too! I can't wait to try more. Ambience: sort of a rustic dining experience, on this occasion they decorated for Halloween which was also really cool to look at. Everything really clean, bathrooms included! The music was also okay! Not sure if I would recommend the drinks. I had my usual- Coronas. However my friend had a drink (I forget the name, sorry guys) that was visually appealing but he said it had a dry sort of taste. Personally, I didn't have it but I thought it thought be said.All in all, def make your way here for great wings!
Everyone knows the best fried chicken is Korean fried chicken! Im something of an expert at fried chicken, when ever Im around chicken's they tremble in fear as they can smell their fallen brethren on me. I eat way to much fried chicken to be honest, but hey if I die from fried chicken, it would have been a journey worth the travel. The Coop has got its finger on the pulse of Korean fried chicken! With a couple of tasty sauces, and that extra crispy bite that makes you want to just keep going back in for more. The "Spicy" version is only spicy if you're not used to some heat, for me it barely registered =D as for the sweet, its like having chicken and waffles with out the waffles!Love chicken and waffles? Grab the sweet wings! A bit sweet for my tastes but it was still really good! I will stop by again when I have the time. Worth the trip out here if you have the time. Make sure to get the sweet potato fries! I like to mix gochujang and a little bit of sesame seed oil together and dip the fries into.
Let me preface this review by stating that I think this spot is a 4/4.5-star for large groups that seeks a comfortable place to drink, eat fried chicken, and loiter. The service was very friendly and attentive, the space is large and attractive, they have an impressive drink menu, and the food options are like glorified hors d'oeuvres.  We ordered the half-and-half fried chicken platter (we chose traditional and "korean marinated") budae jigae, and gratin. The chicken was ok. Crispy on the outside, but otherwise not memorable. The "korean marinated" version was interesting. Quite spicy, but not in a hot way, which is what we wanted. But I guess that's on me for not ordering the hot version, which I didn't realize was a different thing. The budae jigae was pretty sad, frankly. Kind of your basic Korean stew, but chock full of spam, hot dog links, and pepperoni. It sort of tasted like they had prepared the soup base in advance and tossed all the meats in last minute. Far from being worth the $29 price tag. The gratin was really tasty, but it's pretty much impossible to mess up fried rice with melted cheese on top. Another weird detail: they didn't have real soup bowls for the stew. All they had were these really shallow bowls that made it difficult to eat the budae jigae without spilling all over the table. Our waitress apologized profusely, so clearly they understand that it's an issue, which makes it all the more baffling. I don't think I'll be returning unless I happen to have a large, hungry, rowdy group of folks with me in the area.
Crispy, crunchy, flavorful wings!! Atmosphere in this place is great. You feel good vibes the moment your seated.We started out with the bulgolgi bambimap or however yah all that! Super flavorful! Plus I desperately needed some green veggies and this dish got that in for me. The white kimchi on the side was an interesting addition to this dish.Next we had the small order of wings which was 12. We went with the half and half which comes with six of the garlic soy flavor and 6 spicy. These wings was in my top 5 all time wings ever tasted. Cooked to perfection and perfect amount of juicyness. If your in flushing, get these wings!
Well place is great for a date of just chill out , really comfy sitting at the bar or the sides with soft chairs . It's spacey so even when busy it doesn't get loud and you can still hear each other. There are many screens to watch sports too. The negative was the price which is high for all the apps even the spam fries , the cocktails are expensive and small though pretty uniques . The beer glasses are tiny so better of getting pitcher. Also our bartender was really careless and looked like he was annoyed serving us , though the other waiters were so nice. So this kinda made experience worse
Have to give it three stars because of the service. I ordered the half fried chicken and I liked it but I didn't realize it was tenders and I like it on the bone. There were a few on the bone and some weren't on the bone. The waitress brought my friends food first, maybe ten minutes before mine, and that's a big no no. Food is supposed to come at the same time. She promised us white rice with it and of course with mine I had to ask for it with another waiter. I also had to ask for dipping sauce from another waiter. My waitress never came to check to see if we needed anything. I get it was busy but come on. But the place is pretty and they have some cool things on the menu. My friend had the pork belly and she said it was very spicy. Oh and they had a really good mojito!
What a great restaurant especially for you're a late night eater. Walked in and was seated immediately as well as our orders. Upon waiting for our food I realized the entire restaurant with about 25 guests at the moment we're completely being taken care of by just one waiter and a bartender. They kept up the service, food came super quick and the kept checking every table constantly. I was amazed at such proper service especially late night! Had the pork fondue which was AMAZING. Highly recommend this place food and service is amazing.
Came in at 12:45 and was greeted by who I assume to be the manager to serve us.  He sat us at the bar, to which one of us immediately went to the bathroom after threehours on the road, where the barman asked how many we were.  I said three and he gave us two menus.He came back a minute later and told us "Last Call."  I told him my friend was in the bathroom and asked if he could wait for him, to which he said no.  My other friend said the time on the door read 2, and asked if they were open until 2, to which he said they were open to 2, but again stated final call was before 1, as the kitchen was closing.  Despite being open until 2.Refusing to wait for our other friend, we ended up individually using the bathroom and leaving.Pro tip, you can have as good customer service as possible, if your hours say open until 2, stay open until 2.We went across the street to 39 Kings Cafe and don't regret it at all.  One star for making us go there.
Parmesan. Truffle. Fries.The Coop, aptly named, is a pricey place. For good reason. Their dishes are wonderfully made, beautifully presented and scrumptious.The atmosphere and decor is lively too while allowing you to be able to talk your friends without shouting.The Korean fried chicken is so crispy and well seasoned. It's very hard to describe, you should definitely give their chicken a try if you can!
Apparently posting business operation times means nothing. Fuck this place. UNwelcoming and UNprofessional.
A group of us came here randomly after a night of childish fun with some friends. We found ourselves in Queens and rolled up to The Coop. We walked in and were seated immediately. There were five of us and despite it being after 1am they were pretty packed. The vibe is very energetic and the restaurant feels likes it's more of a bar or lounge, even.The staff is very nice and they have decent prices and interesting drinks. We had our fill of Kimchi Rice, Mixed Spicy Wangs, Bulgogi and brew. The food is excellent, drinks are strong and service on point. I'm happy we accidentally found this place. Definitely worth a return visit and they're less than a 30 minute drive from my house! Thry also have happy hour M-F if 3p-6p..Woot!Next visit I'm getting the Creamy Seafood Udon and that Bulgogi Quesadilla...
Came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Made reservations online on their website and when we got to the restaurant there was a table ready for us and all set up. The food was really good but the portions was very little. I felt like the price range was way too expensive for the portion size. They are popular for korean fried chicken but the portion was way too small. There are other kfc chicken stores on northern blvd that give you huge portions for the same price as here.  We ordered a variety of food on the menu and many popular dishes that had high ratings on yelp. The atmosphere and setting of the restaurant was really nice but not sure If i will be returning. The location of the restaurant was so inconvenient being in the heart of flushing and parking is a pain. I highly recommend for people to come check this place out at least  once.
Wings are always good. Great place for drinks and to watch the games now that summer is around the corner. For bring groups that have picnic style benches if needed. They are close to some good desert places if you don't want to stay there for dessert. But they have some great dessert for sure. If you are in the flushing area stop in have some wings and a soju bomb
Great soy garlic chicken wings, good kimchi fried rice! They serve raw oysters too; sometimes it's really fresh and sometimes not so much. Service is meh.
Food: 5/5. Might be the best wings I had for a while. Service: 5/5. Despite having only one waitress and one bartender during the happy hour, they are incredibly prompt and attentive.Came here on a weekday to try out their happy hour menu. When I walked into the restaurant, I was surprised it was half full already at 4pm-ish, even the bar area was filled with a few customers. I ordered a dozen oysters, half a dozen wings, and a drink. Overall the food was good, especially the wings. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. There was two kind of sauces you can pick, I chose 4 hot wings and 2 soy wings. Ended up liking the hot wings better. The soy wings were a tad too salty in my opinion. Anyway, the oysters were decent, but not much I can complain with its $1/oyster price tag. The drink I felt was slightly weak on the alcohol, but it was made up by the richness of fruity flavor. All in all, I enjoyed the happy hour meal and will definitely visit again if I am in the neighborhood and craving for some wings and oysters.
Great vibe with young people hanging out during the weekends. The servers are very nice and professional.
If you love korean food you will love this place. I come here pretty often. Great ambiance and friendly servers. This place has so many varieties of korean food from korean fried chicken to dukboki to hotpot. They also have flavored soju! The flavors of the foods are honestly so unbeatable. Perfect place to sit down and catch up with friends with some soju and food. Great for snacking late night as well. And right downstairs after you eat, is a dessert bar. Very convenient to get to as well. Highly recommend!
I can't even tell you how much I love this place. It's become my regular spot with my friend after work. I've been here so many times that I lost track. Whether I'm happy or down, this is the place I go to. Their wings are some of the best in Flushing and they make my drinks just the way I like it. They also offer fusion dishes like bulgogi quesadilla, which is what I always order alongside my wings and fries. The staff are all friendly and young and love to chat with me and my friends. This is such a nice and casual hangout spot that I definitely recommend for everyone.
The Coop had me at 'spam fries.' Spam conjured so many childhood memories - spam fried rice, spam with fries eggs sandwich, spam and eggs over rice, spam with ramen...I haven't had spam in over half a decade. I heard spam is unhealthy for me. Suddenly when a friend invited us to dinner at the Coop, I thought let's be adventurous and try the infamous spam fries, which my fellow Yelpers raved about. These fries didn't disappoint. We also ate the Korean fried chicken, parmesan  fries, creamy seafood pasta and Korean pancake. Fried chicken had the perfect blend of crispy skin and juicy meat; I also like the hint of sweetness and garlic flavors. Live with no regrets. Eat a spam fry or two..it's low sodium. I will definitely be back soon for round 2!
Mmmmmm, where should I start? Their food is amazing, filling, reasonably priced and the service is excellent. I came here on Sunday night around 9PM with my boyfriend and his friend. My bf loves Boka in the city, and surprisingly he enjoys The Coop's fried chicken better than Boka! (Don't get me wrong, I love Boke and Coop's chicken equally) We ordered the Budae jjigae, 12 pieces of mixed wings and legs with half spicy and half regular, kimchi fried rice, and ribs fondu. We actually over ordered so I took 3 pieces of chicken and kimchi fried rice to go. Budae jjigae: so good, so so good! Mixture of hotdog, spam, ramen, kimchi and other veggies. The only down side is that they gave 2 tiny pieces of enoki mushroom and a tiny bit of ramen. I ended up eating only one string of ramen because my bf's friend took almost all of the ramen. To make up my ramen loss, I ate the only 2 pieces of enoki mushroom. So in the future, I'll just ask them to double the ramen and enoki mushroom. Kimchi fried rice: not the best, I've had better. My bf didn't enjoy much of it because it was kind of dry. He said he likes Boka's kimchi fried rice better. Rib fondu: pretty good. The meats are very tender, it slides right off the bone. The flavor is okay, nothing too special, but the ribs wrapped cheese and corn is super fun to eat. Chicken: yup, the show stopper. Extremely spicy (for me) but super yummy! The regular soy sauces one is a better fit for me, I'm good with Chinese spicy, not Korean spicy. Their spicy is on another level. Overall, we will definitely be back!
A convenient place to get your Korean fried chicken fix since it's in the heart of Flushing. Overall, an average place to me and here's why:Place - I've been here multiple times but I never feel comfortable dining in there. Packed or not. Probably the seating and the placement of tables on top of each other. Service - spotty. Sometimes they are their to help other times they are ghosts. Food - wings are great! As for the other stuff it's alright. There was nothing else on the menu that stood out. Did I miss anything? Overall, average!
The place looks cool and a lot of Korean people seem to me to be in line with the original taste in Korea. The service was excellent and very pleasant. I took their special Coop wings with soy. Was reasonable and not more. Guess it's a lot of a matter of taste. They were cook well but the soy and the other sauce wasn't my thing. I would certainly consider coming there to taste other dish from the manu.
Young Eun provided excellent service! He was extremely nice and friendly! The food was awesome and tasty. The food was a reasonable price. We loved the cheese fondue. Overall satisfied!
The chicken wings are very spicy so I endured half of one...it's ok, if you can get passed the stinging burning sensation and swollen lips. I normally like spicy cuisines but I have never been a fan of these Korean hot wings. Their bulgogi is great. The quesadillas are good too. The truffle Parmesan fries...yum but I'd skip the Parmesan because they literally doused our fries and it was covered in the cheese. I liked the pancakes too...it was warm chewy and had just the perfect amount of seafood mixed in the layers. It's loud here...and not very crowded. If the music wasn't so loud, it would make for a great place for a date night.
After my 1st experience at The Coop, I thought it was alright, nothing special. I like the atmosphere inside. It's nice and airy, has a modern feel to it. As some other reviewers have mentioned, I don't like the bench seats; as it has no back support. (Us old folks..can't handle it..LOL) The bar has a nice setup and downstairs by the entrance, there's another locked cabinet full of the high-end liquor! I came with a group of 5 and we ordered truffle parmesan fries, the Kimchi Cheese Okonomiyaki pancake, and we had a large order (20 pieces) of half & half wings (soy garlic & spicy). Food came out fairly quickly. I didn't care for the truffle fries because of the artificial truffle oil that they used. The kimchi cheese pancake was interesting. Very gooey, and actually tasted good. I would order that again. The wings though, were alright. Very similar to Mad For Chicken. If I was craving chicken, I probably wouldn't travel all the way to Flushing, when there's so many other better options along Northern Blvd.
This is the place to go on your cheat days and late night cravings. This place does not disappoint. Friendly staff and there is always something for everyone of the menu. I dont know how many times ive been here but at one time i was coming here once a week. ive probably tried everything on the menu, except for the spicy entrees, i cant really eat spicy. The best combo is a stew and an order of wings. you have to order the wings when you go there. but if you want to be healthy, you can go for the grilled whole chicken which is just as good. they butterfly and panini press the chicken. its really tasty and it comes with an entire head of garlic, roasted. Im not a drinker but many people come here for their flavored soju. Its a great place to hangout with a group of friends.
Lets start of with the best thing EVER: HAPPY HOUR!MON_FRI $1 Oysters and theyvwere so clean and fresh and yrust me the condiments they serve are one point. The drink menu is a lttle extensive but who carrs everyone loves OPTIONS. I got the Lychee suju wit the cotton candy and man o man sooooooo freaking delicious. We also got the happy hour wings which by the way the famous soy garlic and the spicy wings are too damn GOOD! Did they air fryer these babies or something lol, thats how crunchy and hot perfect my wings came out. On top of that the mozzarella sticks was fried pretty damn good so who can complain not me. Jsut needed to warm the marinara sauce, cold tomato sauce isn't a great taste on HOT food. I also ordered the BBQ spare ribs and Oooooo the tasiest Korean BBq cooked to perfection!!!
The food is good. Their wings and fries are awesome. But there is this waitress that was extremely rude to us when we sat down. She is the tallest one in there with a brown ponytail. We were sitting down but were deciding which table to sit at (mind you, it's a Monday even and not many customers here at all) and we shuffled around for literally 3 seconds and she says with her two hands laid out/palms up, "Which table do you want???" with an attitude sounding like she was annoyed and as if we were wasting so much of her time. We came here twice and last time she was quite rude too but I wrote it off because it was a busy night but now I know it's just her rude personality.  Like I said, food is good but the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. If there's comparable Korean place nearby I would not come here again.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while but never had the chance to until this past weekend when I had a craving for Korean food, more so for Korean fried chicken. We got to Flushing at 2 pm on a Sunday and it was already crowded beyond belief with absolutely no parking spots in sight. We had to settle for the municipal parking garage, which we always try to avoid. We got the bulgogi quesadilla, sweet potato fries and a small order of the coop wings x12 to share. I opted for only 2 pcs of the spicy since Yelpers were stating how spicy they were and 10 pcs of the soy garlic. The quesadilla had great flavor with the meat cooked to perfection. The sweet potato fries were freshly cut and fried to a semi-hard consistency without being overly soft. The wings had a thin layer of breading with the chicken meat being extra moist and juicy. Probably the best Korean fried chicken I've had so far in Flushing. We needed extra water because we were both dehydrated and it was a coincidence that their water was self serve in a green wine bottle. Service was also great with our waitress always being cordial and polite. Pricing was in line with the genre of restaurant and in correlation with the location. We'll be back again.
Great lil place loving the spicy wings and the kimchi fried rice. The bulgogi quesadilla was pretty good too. I'd definitely come back servers are nice and foods great!!
Pretty good fried chicken. A few different flavours which is nice. They offer several other comfort food and dishes. My boyfriend's favourite would for to be the mozzarella cheese sticks. The fries were nicely done as well and good portion size. Reasonable price and nice service. A little wait after ordering but it's fine. Usually quite busy and packed but never need a reservation. Lots of seats and up the stairs is the restaurant, because the first floor is only for takeouts. They have plenty of choices for drinks as well. Clean and a nice interior, I like the atmosphere but do get pretty noisy and loud with all the people. Would come again.
After returning the uhaul truck from our moving trip, bf and I were starving. As his last meal in NYC, he wanted some wings stat. This place is less than 10min walk from uhaul. Great! It was a Saturday night around 9pm, so I was scared we'd have to wait, but we didn't have to wait at all. The place has two entrances and is popping with loud clubbing music, which was fun.ORDER- Half spicy, half soy garlic chicken wings: so crispy and good. Great double frying execution! Have to say these wings are better than any kfc wings in koreatown manhattan. The spicy wings were super spicy though that even the bf made a comment about it. Comes with a side of pickled radish and corn slaw.- Sweet potato fries: soft and slightly crispy. No crunch. Kind of reminds of McD fries but sweet potato flavored. Not my favorite kind. The texture seems to smooth and not made by simply cutting up sweet potatoes. Comes with ketchup and honey, blue cheese sauce. The honey, blue cheese sauce is interesting...Overall, I'm happy we filled our hungry stomaches with chicken. Biggest pet peeve of mine was the slow food service. It must be a small kitchen or something. I had direct view of where the food was coming out. Drinks were fast, but not the food. We got our order of fries first and ate it all before the wings came out. Bf ordered mozz sticks, but those didn't come out and we were too tired of waiting, so just asked for the check. Luckily, they didn't charge us. Bathroom was relatively clean, but there was no soap.
I had high hopes for this place but the food was B+ at most. I would only go there for the happy hour. You can get better wings and food at other establishments.
If you're craving for Korean fried chicken, this is a good spot to try! My friends and I ordered the following: parmesan fries, soy garlic wings, sweet and chili chicken and kimchi fried rice. Everything was good but we weren't a big fan of the sweet and chili chicken (which our waitress said is her favorite so it was kind of a let down). Otherwise, the soy garlic wings are delicious I can eat probably eat the half order by myself. The parmesan fries are so addicting, I had to force myself to stop eating those so I can eat the wings. The kimchi fried rice was flavorful and had chunks of spam in it? Overall, good service and good food at good prices so can't go wrong with that!
Food: soy garlic is too sweet, but chicken is a good quality Atmosphere: trendy, full bar.Service: okay, nothing special.
I looove this place. The location is perfect since I am in central Flushing so often, and I don't have to go to Northern Blvd for Korean food. Whether if you are craving for some budae jigae, kimchi fried rice or just some oysters and fried chicken wings, this place satisfies your Korean/bar food cravings. The music is always good and I love coming here for happy hour after a long day of work! The service is good but sometimes they take a while to get the drinks out for some reason; and the cocktails are on the weaker side. That said, it's hard to say what my favorite dishes are because everything I've tried here are solid. I definitely recommend the bulgogi quesadillas and of course the wings!
Came a couple times over the years. Their truffle fries are a must item. The wings are standard-good to munch in but nothing out of this world, although if you get spicy, prepare yourself! I'm not a fan of soju but their Lemon soju & lychee soju are great. We drank 3 pitchers amongst three of us and the waiter gave us free yummy bear shots (I guess because we had a 150-ish bill?)
Came here late Saturday evening for wings with friends. We ordered a large order of half & half. The wings were fried nice and crispy but the flavoring was a little lacking. The soy garlic was a little sweeter than norm and I couldn't really taste the garlic taste. We also ordered the gratin and sweet potato fries and they were mediocre at best. The gratin was nothing amazing and we didn't really enjoy it. The sweet potato fries were made from sweet potatoes that didn't really have any flavor. The ranch that came with it was definitely a turn off for me as its flavor overpowers the very minimal sweetness of their sweet potato fries. The environment was very dark and I was a bit puzzled by the tiny candles on every table that did not go in hand with its somewhat loud music.
Ordered a small order of half spicy and half soy garlic wings. Soy garlic were my favorite of the bunch. Also ordered the fried sweet and chili half chicken, and the fried Korean marinated half chicken- they both come with nuts on top so be aware if you have allergies. The fried sweet and chili, fried Korean marinated, and spicy wings all tasted the same. The spicy wings lacked the sweetness but had an overall similar flavor. We ended up with too much chicken of one flavor. Don't make the same mistake. Service was great, and so are the truffle fries. There is a separate bar menu and a combination menu with entrees and drink pitchers.
Whenever there's a new place opened i always wanted to give them a try and it was today afternoon! Ordered small wings half&half No special sauce & nothing special! It was nothing difference from bonchon chicken! But it was juicy inside..Ordered beef bibimbap! Very disappointment! The beef were too sweet for my taste buds for my man & I! Also where ever korean restaurant you go and order any bibimbap they serve a soup but "The coop" didn't! Ehh I didn't like it at all! I definitely need soup with my bibimbap Ordered parmesan fries which was good! The reason I gave 3 stars was because the fries was good and the waitress was nice! I'm sorry to say this but I don't think I will be returning back!
The food is decent, but nothing over the top. They had different flavors for wings (spicy and soy garlic) and they were good. The kimchi fried rice was also okay. There is a clean and hipster space, with brick walls and aesthetic lighting. Bathrooms were clean. No parking space for this, and it's on a pretty crowded and narrow street. The service was not the best, because the waitress didn't come to us a lot of the times and we had to get up to call her over. There was no one there to seat us, and it seemed there was only one person working. The food also took a while to come. Would recommend this place for some casual food, but don't count on the service.
Policy of 30$ minimum per person with group of 5 or more. While the taste is good, ain't nobody can eat that much chicken.
I don't know a single person--other than vegetarians--who doesn't like fried chicken. KFC--Korean Fried Chicken--is the new big thing. With a lively (albeit a little loud), gregarious atmosphere, The Coop appeals to the young crowd: those seeking decent generic cold drinks and wonderfully unhealthy bar food. Count. Me. In.Oysters (4/5): They were reasonably fresh and well-shucked. The mignonette could be better, there could be a wider variety of oysters, but this was an unexpected and delicious surprise, so I digress.Cheese Okonomiyaki (5/5): Wha-what is this beautiful madness?? Served in a skillet, the okonomiyaki is topped with mayo and bonito flakes, both of which are typical toppings to the Japanese "anything you want" pancake. The mild, gooey cheese was an unexpected yet perfect addition to the dish. Often, I find that the okonomiyaki, pajeons, and other similarly thick pancakes tend to be a little limp in the middle. While the outer rim of the pancake develops a golden crust, the middle is often left to be just a little mushier, just a little softer, and just a little more....boring. The Coop's addition of cheese resolves what I call the Rim-Center Pancake conundrum. I love this dish, even if it might give me a heart attack.Korean Fried Chicken (4.5/5): Remember to eat the chicken with the pickled daikon radish! The palate-cleansing, slightly sour crunch will completely offset and complete the crisp, salty, sweet, and juicy chicken. Both the spicy and the soy flavors are great, and they outclass BonChon's flavors. Overall, I would hope the sauce was just a tiny bit more present, but this isn't too big of a concern.All in all, I thought the food was great, the ambiance was fantastic, but more importantly, the service was absolutely on point. The waiters were really congenial. If your table hasn't been attended to in a while, I found that any passing waiter could help me pretty punctually.
Happy Hour is da bomb. $1 wings, $1 oysters and $3 drafts. The soy garlic wings are delicious but not amazing. I live for spicy food but the spicy wings are way out of my league. I order the Budae Jigae at nearly every Korean restaurant I go to because I love the idea of kimchi, ramen noodles and vegetables in a boiling beef stew served over a mini stove but this one was a disappointment; all I tasted was sausage. Again, I am in love with this place and their happy hour specials. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing!
The Coop does wings right.  Hot, crispy, juicy, spicy, savory- Pretty much perfect.  Service is on point. Definitely recommend.
Came in around 6:30pm with a group of 12 for a fun holiday season dinner of Yelp elites and the Yelp adjacent haha. It's always challenging when going out with a group so I always leave my expectations a bit lower and prepare for some bumps in the road. We experienced some, but I am still a fan of this place.Everyone in our group ordered items to share so I was able to try a few different things. I ordered some soy garlic wings (6 for $6 off the happy hour menu) and I was happy with my choice - wings were nice and meaty, crispy with a great flavor. Others that tried the spicy wings as well thought the soy garlic were better. I tried the bulgogi quesadilla and thought it was decent. I tried some of this spicy dish pictured in my review, spicy rice cake - it had a hell of a kick which I really liked. The chicken gizzards, which I thought I would hate surprised me! The were nice and crispy and seems like a perfect accompaniment to the Lagunitas I ordered - a nice basket to share with a beer drinking buddy!The server seemed to forget a drink ordered during happy hour, but still made good on the price even through it came late and it was pointed out to him. I did like that the server gave us a "last call" to order off the happy hour menu just prior to it ending - nice touch!  I was disappointed that oysters were not available tonight on the Happy Hour menu they were listed for $1 each with 6 minimum.The music is pumping here, crazy movies projected onto the wall, the place gets loud and is made for hanging out. I think it is good for a group ESPECIALLY DURING HAPPY HOUR (3-7pm). The owner was really friendly when he saw me waiting for the bathroom he said I could use the ladies room and that it was ok since he is the owner! After I exited he asked how I liked it and I told him it was lovely. As I was leaving he gave me a nice handshake and asked how I enjoyed everything, which I replied honestly - I had a great time especially with the fantastic company!
Excellent wings. Love this place great ambiance and it's open late ! Really enjoyed the sliders and the Korean flavor wings. The staff is excellent. Attentive and very accommodating. Will definitely be back.
Rating will be 3.5 starsI always wanted to try The Coop since they opened last year so I finally crossed off my bookmarks. I made a reservation on Monday for tonight's dinner at 6:30pm for my group of 12 people. Man I hate bench seats and they are super uncomfortable with no back support. There's no closet to check your bulky winter coats but luckily there was an emptied little table were we just stacked up all our jackets...of course I asked the bartender if it was okay to do so. As my friends slowly arrives to the restaurant, no one even bother to bring us menus and one of my friends had to go and retrieve two. Why do customers have to go retrieve menus on our own...doesn't make sense. That friend also pointed out about Happy Hour ending at 7pm and it was already 6:38pm so we cramped our Happy Hour order in first.Happy Hour Drink Specials:A few people at my table ordered Draught Beer Malibu Bay Breeze (1)Sex on the Beach (1) White Russian (1) Happy Hour Menu:Originally my Pescatarian friend wanted the Oyster but they didn't have anymore so she ordered Kimchi Egg Roll (doesn't have a description at all on the menu). Later on my friend found out I guess from the actual menu that it contains pork belly and she tried to cancel her order but the server didn't bother to do anything and brought out the dish anyway from the kitchen.Coop Wings 6 pcs (what a great deal) - many ordered the Soy Garlic and a combo of Soy Garlic and Spicy but damn the spicy wings are WAY TOO SPICY for me lol...I tried one of each =) Fried Chicken Gizzard - this would've been a yummy dish but they hide the yummy gizzard underneath the heavy batter Regular Menu:Bulgogi Quesadilla (1)Truffle Parmesan Fries (1) - very crispy texture of the fries I made sure that Seafood Jeon and Spicy Rice Cake doesn't contain any meat on behalf of my Pescetarian friend. Thank god the spicy level of the rice cake was lower than the comparison to the Spicy Coop Wings. The service was ridiculously slow and make sure you are on top if you order second rounds of Happy Hour drinks before it hits 7:00pm because this restaurants gets super packed as they have two different entrances in One Fulton Square. They might tend to forget and tried to argue about what your order was submitted. Overall the food was yummy but the service was not so attentive! I have a better go-to KFC spot on Northern Blvd or K-town in the city!
So I've got to say the staff has completely changed since my last review.  The 2 main bartenders I see here are Lucas and Ava, they're pretty nice to my friends and I. They're pretty awful for encouraging us to drink more.  Their happy hour 3pm to 7pm is great. Really.  $3 beers,  $1 wings and $1 oysters are what gets us in.  You can't go wrong. Their kimchi fried rice is delicious! Give that a goThe parmesan fries with truffle oil is amazingI'm on the fence with their bulgoki quesadillas. The meat is so good and so is the cheese but together,  I feel like something's got to give.  If you've been scorned by their old staff, it's time to give this place a another chance.
I'm just taking one star off for the Chef Salad. It was advertised as having chicken on it, but when I received it, there were about 3 small pieces of chicken in it. The lettuce and avocados were fresh. Just disappointed that I got ripped off lol. Tip: Inquire about how much chicken they put before ordering lol. Also their service sucked! The waiters were running around, we had to ask 2 times for our water. Theres a lot of waiters for the crowd. But, they all huddle up in a corner by the bar and are just laughing. However, the Sweet Chili Fried Chicken definitely made it up! There was such a nice texture to this fried chicken. It was juicy on the inside and super fresh!In loveeeeee !
Can't believe it took me this long to discover this restaurant! This might be the very first Korean fried chicken place I've ever been to in NYC that serves both traditional Korean dishes along with western ones. It's actually pretty awesome that they have a little of both.I came in on a weeknight with a major fries craving, and sure enough they had 2 different options (sweet potato fries or truffle parmesan). I opted for the truffle parmesan fries, which was good but I wished they were a bit crunchier.It was also during happy hour, which is between Mondays to Fridays 3pm-7pm, so we got the $1 oysters (min. order of 6), the chicken gizzards, as well as their coop chicken wings (soy garlic- 6 pieces) off of their happy hour menu. We also ordered their special potato cheese bacon ball too. Obviously, we were very hungry! Overall, I was very happy with my meal and will surely be coming back.
Went to coop for HH and ordered some dollar oysters, appetizer, and drink. The ambience is very casual for talking, the only thing is that the bartender was not very friendly and that was why I rated this 4 stars and not 5. The prices are reasonable and they have pretty delicious fried chicken and Korean cuisine in their regular menu. I would recommend going here for any new, old friends catch-up
The food and service here is great. Took one star off because some 2 person tables are really small. So coming here on a winter day, it's tough to put your huge coat and bag on a backless seat. Other than that, this is a great hangout spot for beer and fried chicken wings. I've ordered a lot of things off the menu and every item tasted great. I tried something new they had on their special menu and they were looking honest feedback, so this is a place that is continuing to improve on what's already great.There's a tv set to a sports game.  Their mixed drinks are great.Love the atmosphere and the cool vibes.
Good chicken and beer. My favorite is their beef intestines soup. Don't let the name fool you. The soup is so thick (almost creamy), spicy, and fulfilling. Their happy hour selections are not bad. Will definitely comeback to visit next time I'm in Queens.
the soy garlic coop chicken here is quite good. i havent had the spicy wings myself but i hear its very spicy. play this game: eat 5 spicy wings in a row and wash it down with the spicy broth. anyway the broth was a bit disappointing. many that ive had before are in a much deeper pot this one is very shallow. if you mix it around theres a high chance it will spill over the side. the pancake is not good at all. not crunchy on the outside and incredibly mushy on the inside. more like a bad seafood mashed potato pancake. the truffle fries are alright. the spicy rice cake  dish had a few rice cakes ontop but the bottom was all ramen noodles. service was good. the waitress was attentive and checked on our table throughout the night
Nice atmosphere and friendly service. The food was decent. Had the coop wings and parm fries. The fries were great, but $10 for the plate is a little pricy. The wings were well cooked and very crispy (yum!), however I didn't love the flavors of the wings.
The chicken is okay, not the best, but not bad either.Food: (3/5) The chicken was well cooked and properly seasoned. The chicken was not bad, but I have definitely had better. The soy flavor was okay and the spicy was on the spicier side. The fries and sides that came with the chicken were also okay. Ambiance/Service: (4/5) The waiting staff were courteous and the tables were clean. Food came out on time and was hot. The place is pretty hip and dimly lit. Definitely geared towards the younger crowd. Place was not too busy even on a weekend dinner.Value/Overall: (3.5) I would give this place 3.5 stars because the food won't wow you, but its worth checking out if you crave Korean chicken and you are in the area. Not worth a long commune for though. Korean fried chicken is usually pricey and the prices here were not too bad.
soy garlic chicken  are by far the best thing on the menu.  gret place, great food and really nice waitresses . the only thing is that you wait a long time. there are only 2 waitress for the whole place.
So to start I like how this restaurant feels, it's more of a night time bar snack dinner location. Their selection of food is a very good variety. I like how they serve fried chicken, to budei hot pots, to LA shortribs. This place has it all. I can't say that the flavor is full 5 star review but with the selections mixed with quality I give this a full 4 star.
Came here for the Korean fried chicken just in time for happy hour! We ordered half spicy and half soy garlic; both very good! I am taking away one star due to the slow service.. plus we had to ask our waitress multiple times to refill our waters.
Stopped by here for lunch with my sister. We both heard good things about this place and liked what we saw on Yelp, so we decided to see for ourselves. After a (super long) time looking at the menu, we ordered the crispy yangneom chicken and spicy rice cake entree. The chicken was pretty good, but it wasn't amazing or spectacular. The best part was the sauce, and the little pot of salad (it had corn and some other veggies in it, mixed with a sauce) on the side.I thought the spicy rice cake dish was a bit underwhelming. It came in a pretty big dish that was filled with sliced fish cakes, carrots, and rice cakes. There was also some ramen in there - the amount looked like half a package of the kind of ramen you get at the store. For the price ($12), my sister and I thought there should've been more than an assortment of foods that we could've gotten at the grocery store. Given all of this, I won't order it again in future visits and will give another entree on their menu a try.Overall, I give this place a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I wouldn't call myself a fan, but I will like to come back and try some of their other menu items.
I genuinely love this place. Their drinks? On point. Their apps? On point. I can't imagine a better place for KFC (Korean fried chicken) than this place. I went with a friend last night & there was a decent crowd. Not too busy. Our our meals came out in a timely manner. Their waitstaff was so attentive. I was impressed. This was my second time here, so it amazed me that they were consistent with great service. Will definitely be back.
My colleagues and I stopped by for a quick lunch. We only had takeout so I can only rate the food. I don't travel to flushing too often but I wish did because I would visit The Coop all the time. The chicken wings were amazing. Between 4 of us we split two large orders of wings (Spicy and Soy Garlic) Like I mentioned the wings were amazing, the takeout order was pretty quick too.I took a quick peak at the restaurant and it seems like a real, cool and hip place to enjoy lunch, dinner and drinks with friends. If you're not familiar with this part of Queens and need a bite to eat, you won't be disappointed at The Coop.They accept credit cards, good for kids and are opened late.
My first time trying this place, and I liked it a lot. They have 2 flavors for the fried chicken - soy garlic or spicy. The spicy was too spicy for me, personally but I loved the soy garlic. We also got the Jjigae stew, which was yummy. It came with ramen and rice cake, which I love. They put it on a mini steamer-thing on ur table, so the dish stays warm the entire time!We also got bulgogi bibimbap, which I wasn't a huge fan of. They serve it on a regular plate with cold veggies. I prefer the hot stone version. Food came out pretty quickly. Not much in the way of side dishes- we got a small dish of regular kimchi basically.
The atmosphere was a modern Korean style. People greet you in Korean when you first walk in. I sat at the bar so I'm not sure how the service is at the table. I had a lychee martini and a flushing ice tea. The lychee martini had lychee fruits in it which was awesome! The tea was really strong just like a Long Island and it gets the job done. The menu had interesting options such as a bulgogi sliders which sounded wonderful. The prices are a bit high for flushing but I'm sure it's worth it.
Woot! Finally a Korean friend chicken place in Downtown Flushing!  If you're in the area and have no idea where to eat, then come to The Coop. I assure you that this is the ultimate destination to meetup and catch up with friends. You can't go wrong with anything here, really. Chicken and beer. What more could you possibly want?! *throws bone over shoulder* Having been here 4-5 times(the first time was a few days after grand opening), I have tried most of the things on the menu:1. Half-and-Half(Soy Garlic/Spicy Wings) - typical flavored wings; nice crisp texture; not too greasy. 2. Bulgogi Quesadilla- comes with sides of salad dressed in a sauce with a deep, wine taste and a heavy cream dipping sauce. Not bad, but not mind blowing either.3. Sweet Potato Fries- I love sweet potato. and fries. before guys. Crisp texture with hints of sweetness.4. Oysters- fresh and delish. served RAW.5. Seafood Cream Udon - Lots of different seafood(clams/med. sized shrimp) hidden in a puddle of cream amongst waves of Udon. It's a bit heavy on the palate. 6. Fried chicken gizzards- tastes great dipped in the sesame oil and slathered with the cheese fondue. #foodporn. I wouldn't really get this again. In terms of texture, it's tiring to chew. 7. Mozzarella Cheese and Pumpkin Fondue- Melted cheese with a pumpkin purée center! Perfect accompaniment to the wings and fried chicken gizzards. NOTE: this is simply a pan of cheese with nothing else. No bread, zip. nada. 8. Truffle Fries- fries fried in truffle oil. Pretty typical. 9. Bulgogi Sliders- stay away! Bulgogi was dry and wasn't marinated enough. Comes with a generous serving of fries tho.10. Kimchi Fried Rice- it comes with sunny side up! Aww!!! It literally tastes like kimchi. fried. rice. You can find this at any Korean restaurant or make it yourself. :p
Food was great. The oysters were good. $1 each on happy hours. The wings we got were half and half. The soy garlic was very delicious and the spicy was actually VERY spicy. So if you can't really handle that much spice, just get the soygarlic. It's also very awesome. The quesadilla was very good! The seafood pancake was a little too thick and not too well done that it tasted still mushy inside. Finally for the strawberry Soju it wasn't that strong. I'm 105 pounds and I didn't even get a little feeling from drinking most of pitcher (more than 3/4). Service was awesomeThe decor was clean and neat.
This is my second fav Korean fried chicken wing place in the world. Spicy garlic ftw! The bartender was attentive and the bar specials were pretty decent. It's like a sports bar but also good for dates.
I was craving some Korean food and some drinks so I found this place close by where I was getting my car fixed. I paid for parking by the parking garage it's like $4.00-$7.00 an hour. I love the food there oh my goodness. The wings were perfectly crispy and juicy with the right amount of sauce. And the ribs with the melted cheese was heaven ! If you're still relatively new with Korean food the staff helps you pick out food and everything ! This place has a lot of different customers which was nice seeing a lot of people enjoying Korean cuisine. Next time I want to try the kimchi pasta
I was wrong when I first rated this 3 stars. After trying out other Korean fried chicken places, I realized the prices for the wings at The Coop were fair and the soy garlic chicken is unbeatable. I love the truffle fries, but find the other appetizers overpriced at over $10. I've been here three times now for the soy garlic and the flavor is consistently phenomenal. The ambience is also interesting--dark and modern but very clean.
My son and I went to try out the place. We love Korean wings. So we ordered 20 spicy garlic wings. It wasn't too crowded. The service was good although the table next to us got forgotten. But here's the important thing... the food! The wings were nice and big and the sauce was flavorful. When I asked my son what he thought, he said, "Eh, not as good as Kiyo-chan." True. Kiyo-chan's sauce was better but their wings were tiny (the one on Northern Blvd. is closed). And compared to Mad for Chicken? I guess Mad for Chicken edges it out. But Mad for Chicken takes forever for the order to come out. So I think The Coop will be my go to place for Korean wings. We also ordered the bacon wrapped potato. It's very good but very bad for you. Definitely should try.
Their bossam is pretty popping. Their chicken wings and seafood udon isn't that great. These chicken wings are so small I cant say if its worth the price or not, unless you go during happy hours. As for the seafood udon, their "garlic bread" are just stale croutons they put and mix into the noodles to try to hide how old these croutons actually are. Was not happy with this dish, especiallyfor how costly it is.
Their lunch Special only lowers the price by $2- $3 on average per dish from what I saw and compared on the regular menu. But it is super empty, peaceful and quiet...completely different from their night scene....a sea of people lol
My new fave Korean chicken spot! Located in the revamped section of Prince Street in Downtown Flushing, this joint has a lot to offer with a cool hip vibe for locals and tourists staying at hotels nearby. The interiors are clean and new and have several big screen tvs for people to watch sports or kpop videos. Music might be super loud but that's always the case of a young bar scene. The bathrooms though were not clean that day was my only complaint!Server was attentive and explained to us what the situation was with their sauces. Although they ran out of their sauce that night (it was Labor Day weekend), we were able to get alternatives which made up for the loss. We ordered their yuzu alcoholic drink which went down smoothly. It was like drinking lemon tea that it hit the spot. Highly recommend it with two or more people. The wings were great and the bulgolgi gratin was filling as we wanted rice to compliment our protein. The truffle fries were good too but nothing out of this world. A good side dish!
The ambience was modern and good for hangout with friends. I ordered the chicken it was nice it was not spicy. If you are not a spicy person and you just want a hint of spiciness do not order the spicy that they have its super spicy! I mean most Asian spicy food is totally hot. I really like my experience the service are laid back and you can feel the Asian inspire cuisine they have with a modern effect.The music was loud cant really talk much. ( what do you expect its like a bar and many people)
Order the Truffle Parmesan fries! Happy hour offers 6 COOP wings for $6; great deal and super delish! Peach soju is good as well!
Menu changed since I last went! The place was really empty except a few people at the bar and at the tables.I had the cheese ddukboki, small order of soy garlic wings, and truffle fries.I've got to say i'm not a big fan of ddukboki but however the one here tasted really good. A nice mix between sweet and spicy!Food came out on a timely manner and the bill came out to around 39$ and we just paid 47 after tip & tax.
This place is good for chicken and drinks. The servers are generally nice except for one dude. The service is slow even when there's not that many people so expect to wait a while for your food. The seafood pancake here is often undercooked so be careful. I tried sending it back one time and they just bought out another one which was burnt on the outside and still raw on the inside. My favorite drink here is probably the gummy bear shooter.
Pros: Theres a wide variety of food and there's a happy hour where oysters are $1 each and other cheap eats. Cons: The food takes forever to come out. A friend and I have been there a few times and ordered the truffle parm. fries and a dozen oysters every time. However, the fries come out first and then the oysters come out ten minutes after we're done with the fries. The oysters are also very small, in my opinion. They're $1 each, so don't have much expectations regarding the serving size. They skimp out on other dishes, but still tastes good. Service is okay. They don't check up on you other than when your table is completely out of water.
Yummy! A hip place to have dinner and grab some drinks with friends in downtown Flushing. It is located on the 2nd floor of the One Fulton Square plaza if you have trouble finding it. The place is not usually filled so no reservation needed. I have been here twice and had fried wings and mozzarella fondue both of the time. The crunchy and juicy wings come in two flavors: soy & garlic and spicy. Now if you're not very confident in your spicy food tolerance, definitely stick with soy & garlic. I'm not saying Im spiciness master or anything but am not so bad either but I could hardly finish two spicy wings (my friend did so it's not impossible). The Mozzarella Fondue is made of smashed pumpkin with melted cheese on top, a nice appetizer to go along with dem wings. Budae Jigae was surprisingly good in my opinion. I didn't expect much cause usually I'm not a fan of this dish. But they made a good, not-too-spicy broth here with lots of spam, sausage, tofu, veggies and ramen. I remember having Bossam (boiled pork belly) the first time coming here but it was just average. They have a good range of beers, wines and other alcohol drinks to accommodate with all the spicy food. The price is reasonable. Waitress forgot our order but overall it was fine. Oh and a plus is they also have oysters and it's $1 in Happy Hours.
Initially did not like place. When I first came here, I don't know why but it felt like there wasn't much on the menu and it was just a waste of money, but recently I've been coming here more often and I love it. I come with groups usually and it's awesome. I saw their menu again and realized how much they had. The prices are okay in my opinion, I usually just share all the dishes I order with a friend. Anyways, the wings are delicious and the spicy wings are actually spicy! Their fries are good too! I usually get the sweet potato fries though All in all, great place and I'd recommend it !
This review is so long overdue. It's a pricy place but worth it especially when its opened till late. It's great for big groups too!This is my go to Korean chicken wings place. It beats mad for chicken by a mile.The service is always good! (Well except for one time but i'll let it slide)I've tried almost everything from here but i always gravitate back to the chicken wings, the oysters and the truffle fries! These three are the staples that I always get from here.Their seafood pancake and bulgogi quesadilla are also amazing!! There is a bar and the lights are often dim. There are two TV's but you can't even hear them so it's pretty pointless.
Great happy hour deals considering Flushing hardly has any place that does happy hour, but oh so limited drink options. The chicken ($6) during happy hour was great with soy garlic and spicy halves. Spicy wasn't too numbing spicy. The chicken was okay, could be better in crispy factor. Yuzu makkoli was yummy but not on the happy hour selection so that's $12 a pitcher. Overall, a good place to chill after work and hipster atmosphere.
Good place to go for chicken I like the chicken here it's always on point. Can't say the same about the other food though...  got their seafood pancake here 3 times and 2 of the times it came raw very undercooked. Drinks are good sometimes but other times below standard
By far this place has the best Korean Fried Chicken in Flushing. Location is big and the plus is they have a full bar. The waiters here are always there when you need them and pretty friendly. Def a good place to go and eat and get good drinks!
very cool placeI came here around 10pm. It's kind of busy time. But we still had good service. About the food chicken wing and seafood hot pot that what we ordered. So good. I will go here again.
Wow! This all I can say. Their Korean chicken wings are cooked correctly with right amount of flavor( spicy) and it taste so good. Their oysters are also great and very fresh. It is a great place to hang out with friends. I will definitely come back.
First off, A+ customer service. It's by far the best customer service that I've ever received in my life. The waitresses/waiters are more like a tag team. They are always aware of what the customer need. For example, I thought about more napkins and BAM! without saying a word, one of the waitresses quietly came by with napkins without saying a word. Talk about mind blowing! It's also great to see that the waitresses/waiters aren't on their smart phones on the down time. They are up on their feet waiting to assist. Great job management!On to the food! The parmesan fries were fresh and crunchy. It was delicious! I decided to go with the half/half wings (hot and sweet). Be sure to keep in mind that this is "Asian Hot"...so it can be a bit on the spicy side. The first one was hot and then it just got hotter. I recommend going for the sweet ones. The wings were fresh and perfectly fried. I highly recommend it!As for the atmosphere, it was a really chilled place. A great restaurant to drop in for a drink or hang out with friends. I love the interior design and direction of the restaurant.Keep up the great job!
We were looking for some good late night food and drinks and came across The Coop. Upon walking in we went upstairs and were greeted and seated immediately. We tried the grapefruit soju, the truffle fries, and the soy garlic chicken wings. The grapefruit soju had such a cute presentation. It came with some cotton candy on top which was nice because the drink tasted sour like real grapefruit. It was a nice balance having the two together. The truffle fries were really good, but I've had better (I'm a spoiled foodie). The wings were amazing! Probably the best I've had. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that the service towards the end sorta sucked. Our server failed to bring our beer even though we asked twice and it wasn't even busy. We asked for the check and a box a couple of times and were finally given what we asked for. Service was lame but I'll be back for the food:D
I came here around 10:30PM after having a few drinks at the bar upstairs, and we ordered 2 plates of wings and the truffle Parmesan fries. I like the soy garlic wings, but they weren't savory or sauce-y enough for me. Their spicy wings are also not very spicy. I loved their fries though. They were thin (just how I like them), crispy, and well seasoned (but not overly seasoned). It goes down well with the soju and beer we were all having. The space is tight though, and it was winter time so there was no where for us to hang out jackets and the chairs do not have backs, so I just put mine on my seat and sat on it. It is a good atmosphere to have some casual drinks and to have conversations with friends. It has a coffeehouse meets club/lounge sort of vibe, but I like that they don't blast their music so you can actually hear your conversation and enjoy your food.
This place has some mouth watering chicken! I got the half and half flavored chicken. Half was spicy/sweet and the other was garlic. The spicy flavored chicken was spicier than I expected. I had to drink a lot of water but it was still good. I don't recommend it for those who can't eat spicy Korean dishes. The garlic was better in my opinion. In the end, the chicken was just crisp, juicy, and flavored perfectly.I recommend everyone to try the bulgogi and rice covered in cheese dish. I forgot the name but ask for it and you won't be disappointed. That dish was just heaven in my mouth.I would definitely come back here every day if I could.
The Coop was a wonderful late Friday night fried food choice. We randomly decided to go since we were in the area and we read great yelp reviews. We ordered the truffle Parmesan fries, Korean marinated wings and the kimchi egg rolls ! Everything was great  ! I don't think you can ever go wrong with truffle fries and the wings were sticky tangy and little spicy drums of heaven ! The kimchi egg rolls did not taste kimchi-y at all but nonetheless were delicious especially with the dipping sauce! I would come here again and would argue that this place beats a lot of similar Korean fried chicken places in the area !
My cousins and I had a great time at The Coop for Part 2 of our "Cousins Day Flushing Food Crawl." We saved up our appetites (or whatever was left of it after some XLBs + Taiwanese Chicken...#fat) for some Korean Fried Chicken and Soju pitchers!We arrived around 1:00pm on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. Our waitress/hostess/bartender extraordinare, Hayoung, seated us promptly. She checked all our IDs (who really orders soju pitchers at 1pm?) and said we all looked way younger than we really are (1 star for the compliment ;))We ordered truffle parm and sweet potato fries along with 3 orders of the soy garlic chicken. Add 2 pitchers of lychee soju and you've got yourself a good time!Great service, delish food, in a space that does not seem like Flushing at ALLL. PLUS $20 soju pitchers - I am a fan :)
I like how they changed the happy hour from 3-6 to 3-7pm, but I honestly wish it was till 8pm. I had their sangria which was a tad TOO sweet. I'm also not a fan of the maraschino cherries that were in it but if they ever have their fat tire beer in stock, give it a try because it's refreshing.
The chicken was pretty good. I got the soy and spicy. The spicy is quite spicy after 3 4 but stil delicous. The oysters were mediocre i dont really recommend gettting it because they werent chilled enough. The one complaint i have is that even with happy hour prices we spent $110 for two people. Pretty expensive for chicken and beer for 55$ a person
Had a really pleasant time here! The food was really good but a bit overpriced. However, I am still willing to come here than traveling all the way to K-town lol. The menu seemed very limited but I was very happy that they had everything I pretty much wanted. Their spam dog was really good, I LOVED their Bossam!!! Probably my favorite place in New York that can make good quality Bossam. I also really liked their rice cake and the ramen, very unique and different from other korean restaurants. Their wings are okay, I just prefer it to be a little more crispy. Overall, I will be returning!
My cousin's been telling me about this and my bro been wanting to come here, so today I took my fam here for lunch. We only ordered 4 plates; 1. Kimchi Cheese Okonomiyaki- loved it!2. Truffle Parmesan Fries- It was okay3. Spicy Rice Cake w. cheese- it was good. Wish it was a little more spicer. Spice level: Mild 3. Chicken- gotta get the chicken!! Overall we ate around $68 (including tip) Would definitely come here again with my friends.
I went here with my sister and brother-in-law for a belated birthday dinner.  Parking and driving in the area surrounding is awful so take the train if you can.  There is a paid parking lot but I ended up getting stuck in it at a gridlock for about 20 minutes. Because I was stuck I ended having my sister order all the food and I just tried everything.   My favorite was definitely the pork belly with spicy sauce.   The korean fried chicken is very tender, they don't have a spicy option like mad for chicken but I still ate the entire order.  The waiters offered us a free shot on the house which was a really nice touch.  I'll definitely be going back here again with some friends.  As for pricing, I don't know.  They wouldn't let me see the check :)
Came here two times and loved the mozzarella bulgogi. The combo wings are a must. The spicy wings aren't as spicy as they are from bonchon or other chicken places. As for the lunch special, their bimbimbap is one the best I've ever tasted even though I prefer the hot stone ones! The truffle fries were delicious too!
Good service and the portions are pretty generous!We ordered the spicy rice cakes, chicken, and truffle fries and all were executed well. Truffle fries were lacking a bit in truffle flavor but it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside just how I like them. Chicken was good and not heavily battered.
Nice, but more Korean fusion meets American bar than I was expecting. The menu didn't impress me, however the place was  jumping with a twenty something crowd, I felt out of place.
The music was a bit too loud, food took a while to come but it wasn't bad. Overall, the experience and service was very ordinary.
A great Korean Restaurant. Their fried chicken is the best!!! I ordered the spicy sauce fried chicken. They are very spicy so If you cannot handle the spicy food be careful to order. Love the place and the service are great.
Definitely fulfilled my chicken craving here! The pieces are meatier than at mad for chicken and tastes more wholesome. The sauce itself is really yummy and coats the wings well and the spicy ones were really spicy. I expected spicy sauce but it came out looking like normal wings with no sauce but once you bit into it you felt the spice overtaking your tongue We got the bulgogi quesadilla as an appetizer and I usually hate fusion food because it never works but this surprised me and it worked really well! The bulgogi was really well seasoned and flavorful that it brought new life to the quesadillas i was used to eating from taco bell. Their drinks are pretty strong but taste so good, i could drink a pitcher on my own just because it's like drinking candy. The lychee one was AMAZING. I cant wait to try the other flavors next time i come back! The crowd is also pretty young too but it compliments the trendy vibe the restaurant decor is trying to give off. Everything works well and it's a place that brings new life to flushing main
Drinks here are good. The food is good. Environment is nice. Whats not to like? The food comes out quick too! & the workers are very professional. i really enjoyed the quesadillas & the fries. Soooo good.
Best korean chicken spot in N.Y.Amazing foods amazing staff Highly recommend!!!!!This is my new favor spot to drink
The Happy Hour (3pm -7pm) is a great deal and includes food items. The fried chicken is excellent and the "spicy" isn't as hot as they'd lead you do believe. It taste good and packs heat. But it's not like you'll need a fire extinguisher or anything...unless you do not enjoy spicy food. The truffle fries are also a must. Sure, no truffles were harmed in the making of these snacks. But they still taste REALLY good. The tap line on the beer was clean and working well during my visit. So I enjoyed a well-discounted pint or so. Actually the "or so" part is where this review takes a turn. The service leaves a lot to be desired. I was there around 4pm or so on a weekday. Many of the tables were filled in the main area and no one else was at the bar but me. I usually like to sit at the bar because I do not have to look for my server. Well that wasn't the case this time. A woman behind the bar greeted me as I sat down. Then she left. Forever. No drink order taken. No water delivered. After about 10 minutes I looked around the room. There were about 15 other patrons who seemed to be waited on by only 1 person. No bus boys. No bartender. Just one woman whose eye contact was impossible to obtain. I finally stuck my foot out and tripp...I mean called out to her and she cheerfully agreed to take my drink order. She was also kind enough to put in a food order for me.  Eventually, a cold beer appeared. Great. NOW I can be patient.It took a good long while before anyone else went behind the bar. But by 5:00 the workers in the area began to fill up the bar and I suppose the powers that be thought it was good for them to be served drinks because someone did finally show up to do just that. Again, everyone was quite pleasant while they were present and the food was good. The "or so" part came up when I ordered my 2nd beer from the bartender and she brought me out a full pint. That's when I realized that the waitress who had served me earlier had given me a much smaller glass. Oh well. I was lucky to be drinking anything at all at that point so I decided to be grateful.I'd recommend this spot. I love the decor and the food is great. But service matters - or else we'd all eat at home. I hope they bulk up the staff a bit.
I love the coop's soy garlic wings - definitely my fav and I always order some every time I come to visit. YOU definitely need to try them!! Also they have cute little gummy bear vodka shots! Overall, food is there is amazing. They play music at a reasonable volume and the customer service is great. Although a bit more on the pricey side, the coop is definitely one of my go to places.
As soon as you walk into The Coop its super cozy and service is quick. I ordered the chicken wings, parmesan fries, along with the Gratin with Bulgogi. The chicken wings do not come with sauce, which bummed me out a little bit because I love BBQ sauce, but it did come with Chipotle Mayo and Ketchup. The Gratin was amazing! The cheese was melted to perfection and the Bulgogi was cooked to the right temperature. Food was so fulfilling and they played great music! The Coop is a great date night place too!
Yum Yum Yum ! I love this place, it's such a laid back vibe. I usually come for a late night bite, when I can convince my boyfriend to come. He isn't such a fan of Korean food, but I absolutely love it. I've tried their Korean army stew, and their wings of course, as well as their Bulgogi quesadilla, and plenty of other stuff. I never had an issue with anything I ordered, and always left satisfied. Their price points are pretty fair, and not extreme, compared to K-Town in Manhattan at least. I haven't tried any of their drinks, but they seem to have a pretty nice variety of liquor, and specialty cocktails. Definitely seems unique when I see them being brought out to guests. Their service is pretty bad, but I think the food makes up for it. They're not very good at checking in on you, refilling your water, or just making sure you don't need anything. It's never really busy when we go either, maybe 3 tables tops.
Very nice they open a hangout place in flushing with nice Korean food and drinks. If K-town is too far you can be here for fun as well.Fried Chicken is good, decor and atmosphere afe also good.
This place is amazing! I live in Brooklyn and every time my friends and I want korean fried chicken we make the drive up to flushing. The spicy rice cakes were to die for and the fruit flavored soju complimented every dish we ordered. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone who loves fried and spicy stuff!
All things aside, the Coop serves up my favorite Korean chicken wings! Okay. Done. I'm in.The skins is always crispy but not so much that it's weird and chewy and sticking to my teeth. The meat is tender. I love the soy garlic because it's not tooooo sweet. It is tad too salty but that's to be expected. The flavor of the spicy wing is great but I'm not good with spicy so usually I can only take a couple of bites and then hand off the half-gnawed off wing to the bf (attractive, I know). They always try to warn you that their spicy wings are very spicy and deter you from ordering it. My bf who likes spicy foods agrees it's spicy but not so over the top like they make it seem. The atmosphere and the service is fine, nothing to go on about. The cocktails are meh and the beer selection is limited. But again... they have the best wings!
Good Happy hour deals, came here twice for HH and another time for dinner. Soy garlic wings taste a little like black bean sauce. Truffle fries taste like regular fries with a lot of Parmesan sprinkled on top.
Went here with a couple of friends for dinner. Like the vibe here, but was really not impressed by the fried chicken. We ordered soy garlic and spicy but I found both wings lacked flavors. I do like the truffle parmesan fries a lot though. I would give it a second chance given that I haven't tried the other two flavors.
The first thing you notice about this place is the nice, dark, sleek ambiance with top 40 songs playing at a moderate level, and a huge screen showing korean music videos. The place wasn't too crowded on a weeknight, came here to watch the election results with some friende. Didn't believe such a nice place was located only a few blocks from the flushing 7/lirr trains. Good for dates, after work drinks with friends, or a casual get-together.5/5 half and half chicken - a crisp and savory outside with perfectly cooked white meat inside. 5/5 truffle parmesan fries, definitely eat it with the orange dip (which they gave refills for). The "trash can" was one of the most unique drink presentations I've seen  with an inverted can of Red Bull still floating in the drink. The lychee cosmopolitan was recommended to me by the waitress and it was simply delicious. Service was also excellent, it wasn't a busy night and our waitress came right over every time we needed anything. No one tried to rush us out the door even though we stayed way after finishing our food to stay and watch election results. Overall, a really great find in the flushing area, what are you waiting for?
Yo. Coop. You guys should know that you guys make a mean fried chicken!!!! If you guys had more beer options, get some local brewery beers, I would come more often-- although I already do lol. Always get the soy garlic wings. I recently tried their grilled chicken and glad it wasn't salty. It felt "healthier". I l also love their ddakddongjip aka chicken gizzard. Delish!!! Also, I love their soupy stuff too. I hope and pray that you guys don't use too much MSG, hondashi whatever lol. Cus it's mad good. You guys probably do..
Been going to this place occasionally for about 2 years now, and it's one of my favorite go-to places, hands down. Their soy garlic wings and truffle fries are a must. The ambiance is great, the music isn't too loud, and they have such great customer service. Part of the reason why me and my bf love going to this place is because of one server in particular; Sabrina. She's the sweetest person, and recognizes us easily right when we walk in.
My favorite chicken restaurant!!! Not only does this place have really good korean fried chicken but all their other food and drinks are so good!! My friends and I got the spicy rice cake, bossam, seafood cream udon, spicy chicken, peach soju cocktail, and the grapefruit soju cocktail. Out of all those my favorite were the bossam and the peach soju cocktail!! They also gave us birthday shots for my friends birthday!! So nice!!!
Really disappointing service.Came here yesterday with a party of 8. To make things less complicated while collecting everyone's orders, we wrote everything down on a napkin. When the waiter came, we explained the entire order to him, and he also took the napkin. We ordered 6 orders of happy hour wings (5 soygarlic, 1 spicy), 9 oysters, fries, among other things.The fries and drinks came on time. They only brought out 6 oysters, and we had to remind them we ordered 9. About 30 minutes later, none of our chicken arrived yet, so we asked the waiter about it. They apologized, and said the chicken takes 25 minutes to make. 10 minutes later, they bring out two orders of chicken (1 soygarlic, 1 spicy), out of the 6 that we ordered.10 minutes later, we ask again about the rest of our chicken. They said they would go and check, but never got back to us. Another 10 minutes later, we ask about our chicken Again. The waiter has the nerve to tell us that we only ordered 6 pieces of chicken, rather than 6 orders of chicken. His excuse was that he thought we only wanted 6 pieces of chicken; 5 soy garlic and 1 spicy. This makes no sense whatsoever considering they brought out TWO ORDERS OF CHICKEN (12 pieces total the math isn't hard tbh). If we only wanted ONE PIECE OF SPICY WHY DID YOU BRING OUT AN ENTIRE ORDER? AND WHY DID WE GET A WHOLE ORDER OF SOYGARLIC WHICH HAS 6 PIECES INSTEAD OF THE 5 YOU CLAIMED WE ASKED FOR?The waiter has the audacity to ask if we wish to wait for more chicken, but "he can't offer us the happy hour price". Completely ridiculous considering it's their fault they messed up the order. He did not own up to his mistake and tried to shift the blame onto use instead. Great job dude you just lost 8 customers for your restaurant.Can't comment on how good the chicken was cause my order never came lmao
Summary: decent happy hour spot on weekdays.Food: $6 wings, 6 pieces of crunchiness, choose from soy/garlic and spicy. Average wings that goes well with drinks. Draught beers are $3 during happy hours. Had the Yuzu makkori for $12 for two. Tasty/cute drink. Nothing amazing, but okay for a casual outing for drinks and Asian bar food.Cost: happy hour $15-$20/person including tax/tip. Affordable. They accept credit cards.
Hit this place up a few nights ago, on a Saturday night. The food was off the chain, for sure the best wings I've ever had. Literally makes me not want to eat wings from anywhere else, because they can't live up to the quality and taste of The Coop. Also ordered the bulgogi quesadilla and they were bangin.  Really savory, crisp, and just plan delicious. Spot was poppin, with lots of people and a great atmosphere. Amazing drinks and top of the line service. I was visiting NY for the first time and my close friend hooked it up by recommending this place. I've seriously been all over the United States and other countries, and this spot took me by surprise and exceeded all of my expectations. I'll be land marking it on my iphone and is now a must visit when in NY, for sure.
Their chicken is amazing. We got the crispy dakangjeong chicken (sweet &chilli). It was very tender and the sauce was well made. Their drinks are also pretty good, I recommend the Paradise and the Flushing Iced Tea (just a sweeter version of Long Island, with yuzu). The music was great, played radio music and popular EDM hits. I would highly recommend this place, whether or not you're trying to "turn up", to young adults.EDIT: I forgot to write this earlier, but they gave us a plate of complimentary popcorn twice which was very nice of them. (y)
This was a decent place.  It's actually close walking distance from the subway.  This restaurant is located in a beautiful "outdoor mall" type setting but a mall full of restaurants.  Choices were endless.I had to look on their site to copy exactly what I got, even though I'm Asian - I have no idea what any of this means.  I just picked it.  The Bulgogi Gratin - Stir fried rice topped with a mozzarella cheese béchamel sauce choice of grilled meat kimchi / bulgogi.  Bad idea if you're allergic to cheese, I couldn't even eat it - it was good for what I did eat though!  Mix the rice into it, and you can call yourself a chef!Their white kimchi was delicious!Their parmesan fries were gross.Their cheese fondue actually had sweet potatoes underneath it, not a fan.They have free sides of rice, and I took full advantage of that.
The happy hour is cool enough for me since the chicken wings is $1 each. I ordered half and half, oh it was so spicy and the soy garlic was good. So if you want to eat Korean food, come to the coop.
Like most hipster asian spots, we came in at a time where most of their products were out of stock. They only had 1 kind of chicken wings (soy), but boy was it good. One of the better places in Flushing. The Yuzu soju was AMAZING! It comes out in a pitcher sitting on top a mountain of shaved ice. Hopefully next time they will be stocked up.
It was quite good. A bit expensive for my wallet but worth it. Love the truffle fries
I truly love this place. Great wings. $1 oysters during happy hrs. But the music is way to loud. It use to be on a great level where I can hear my friends but not it's so loud I'm literally reading their lips and constantly asking "what did you say?!" I honestly feel like I'm at a club. Smh
MMmmmm had a craving for fried chicken and ordered the half soy garlic and half spicy, truffle fries and budae jigae. The Lychee soju was pretty sweet and masks the alcohol pretty well. It was carbonated so that was different. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside, however all the flavor is on the skin so if you tend to peel off the skin, you lose flavor. One order of truffle fries was enough to feed 4, it came on a large platter with spicy mayo sauce. The service here is on point! They came by and picked up dirty napkins, plates, little bowls and refilled our water several times. I asked for radish refills 3 times and they came back each time with a smile. The interior got a nice hipsterish feel, mainly wooden furniture and decorations. I loved debasaki but this might surpass that due to its convenient location.
My friend came before & really liked it, so she took me. We came at 12 (opens at that time), so we were the 1st ones. The place was a bit dark, but I liked the set up. Service was good. Price was a bit expensive. We got bulgogi bibimbap. It was ok. More people started coming in. We can't handle spicy, so we got soy garlic wings. Inside was good, but I didn't like the sauce. Fries are so good! I want to come back for it.
Will need to come here for food and maybe try some more drinks but this play was pretty good.  Our friends ordered some food (some kind of quesadilla type dish) and said it was good, while we ordered a yuzu drink that was the current special going on.  The drink served four people and we couldn't even finish it, but this was also not our first stop of the night. The reason I'm giving it 5 stars here is because of our waiter.  He was super helpful in choosing our drinks and was on top of things the entire time we were there.  When we were trying out our drink he was very concerned if we would like it or not as he was the one that recommended it, but the drink was in fact really good.  I even saw another patron at another table drop their eating utensil and our waiter literally had it in that patron's hands before they could realize they dropped it.  Very impressive. I would definitely try this place again for different drinks and food.
5 stars for the restaurant itself,1 star for my experience thereI've had my fair share of visits here, staff has always been very nice (although there have recently been new faces), food is great and atmosphere is comfortable BUT I can't say I love the crowd that this place attracts. On friday night I was sitting at the bar and the bartender working had served me multiple times. I have never had an issue with her.Two men sitting at the bar were being obnoxious, taking pictures of the bartender's... "outfit" and trying to talk to her.  Made myself along with multiple other people at the bar uncomfortable. They have a right to approach her how they want, but she has a right to reject them and most importantly her friend or boyfriend has a right to tell them its wrong to take photos of her like that.  These two customers may have been men but they weren't grown. They caused a scene, even got into an altercation with an elderly man AND a cop. This place is amazing but I hope it starts attracting people with better restaurant etiquette. There's a difference between a restaurant bar and a strip club and I think if these two men wanna go out to eat next time, they should let the rest of us enjoy the ambiance we pay for, and make their way to a pizzeria and have dinner with children that act their age.
Great spot to stop by if it is late and you need some food. They are a modern Korean / fusion type establishment that has a lot of seating and a nice sized bar. I opted to sit at the bar (even though there were still tables available) as to get a better view of the television while I ate. The menu offering has a lot of dishes and appetizers to choose from. I chose the kimchi egg rolls, small order of fried chicken wings in soy garlic (14 pieces) and the gratin. They also have an extensive alcohol menu that a party of three near me was taking advantage of. They must have ordered a couple of pitchers while I was there. But they were there before I arrived and they were still there when I left.  The employees are very courteous and accommodating. This is a spot that is great for large parties of people. I believe they are open late on week nights as well as weekends which is a plus. The location is convenient as well. Most of the Korean restaurants are located up Northern boulevard but this one is right in Flushing at the Fulton shopping center with entrances on Prince Street and Roosevelt Avenue.
Crave for some Korean fast food and fried chicken, this is the spot.  Full bar with some basic selection of cocktails and craft beer.  Drink menu is simple and nothing complicated.Prices for appetizers are $10-20, mains are $15-30.Prices were a bit high for fried chicken, $12 for a dozen or $23 for two dozen..which comes out to $1 per wing.  Not gonna break your wallet, but the chicken wing and drums were tiny!  Although small....they were flavorful.  Choose garlic or hot and spicy.Korean hotpots at the table are pretty much shin ramen packets with spam and mushrooms thrown together. Rice cakes were soft and chewy, none of that al dente crap they have at other Korean joints,  good for sharing at the table.Service was really attentive and caring.  Great location under the Hyatt place hotel and block away from the 7 train and major queens buses.
Checked this place out a few months ago and I'm glad to see the ratings on it have gone up because it's actually really good! As with the whole complex, I've been hesitant to like it but I have been pleasantly surprised.We got one of the drink specials which was the lemon & yuzu soju, based off our waiters recommendation and it was delicious! Our waiter was also so cute, he was very worried we wouldn't like it and came back to check on us and made sure everything was good.The food at this place is pretty interesting since it's like Mexican/Korean fusion, my friends got the bugogi quesadilla and they said it was delicious! I will definitely coming back again to try and food and get more drinks!
I love LOVE the coop. It's the perfect spot if you're craving Korean fried chicken and other bar kinda foods in flushing. Wish I could come here more often but I live pretty far :(Came here with a friend and we had a large order of wings, kimchi fried rice and the truffle fries. I have a thing for Korean soy garlic wings and these were on par with that of Bonchon's. I added mozzarella cheese on top of the fried rice because who doesn't like cheese??? It was good, but unfortunately I think it may have taken away some of the kimchi flavor. The truffle fries were so delicious I couldn't stop eating them. GET them!!
I am a regular customer. I have complimented the bartender, Ava, on her hairstyle and wardrobe. She once asked me, which looks better? Tonight, I took some pics of her to convince my friend to come out. Her boyfriend was sitting next to me and threatened me to delete the pictures. Ava came up to me and furiously tried to grab my phone asking me what pictures did I take. Don't wear daisy dukes shorts trying to get customers and  because the boyfriend was there trying to protect her. She was in public space and it was her decision to wear a skimpy outfit. She is making tips wearing skimpy outfits. Just bc her bf shows up, don't get defensive about it.Ava went over the line getting physical trying to grab my phone. It is not as if she was naked, having an intimacy time with her bf and I took her pic.She should be fired for getting physical with a customer.
Had bulgogi, Truffle parmesan fries, and 80 wings between 7 people. Capped off with Soju Bombs all around. Great food, great wait staff! Will be coming back!
Let's start off 2016 with a BANG! 'Last Love' a.k.a. Yuzu Makgeolli is what's up here! GET IT!After hearing the buzzes that the Coop has been making since their opening, it took me long enough to check this place out! My party decided to come here last minute after our evening event. We did not make reservations and was quoted a 30 minutes wait. Reservations are do-able through the Yelp app. My party of 7 sat in the bench area near the bar inside the restaurant. We placed our orders right away for drinks and food. Thanks to Yelp Check-in, we can enjoy one free drink from the following options: Mojitos (Original, Mango, Strawberry), Martini (Lychee), and Coop 'Bombs'. Although it was free, they did not skimp on the alcohol or flavor. In addition, we ordered the 'Last Love' which is the name of their yuzu makgeolli to share. Last Love was absolutely sweet, citrusy, and very refreshing! It was incredibly delicious and this is a must try!  We shared a large amount of food including the Soy Garlic and Spicy (it is sure, SPICY!) Chicken Wings, Budae Jigae, Spicy Rice Cakes, Kimchi Egg Roll, Kimchi Fried Rice, Beef Bulgogi Quesadilla, Seafood Pancake, and J Jusam (stir fry pork belly and squid). Coming with a party was just the perfect idea. Every dish was big enough to be shared amongst a party and goes great with drinks. Food left us very satisfied at the end! To sum it up, the chicken wings and Yuzu Makgeolli left a deep impression with me and I will surely be back just for them! Truffle fries, I'm coming for you too! Happy New Year, Everyone!!! Here's my first review of 2016!
The dishes were good. I got the Parmesan fries, chicken wings and jap chae. Parmesan fries were really good,  chicken wings were crispy but wish they were juicier. Japchae was the only thing I didn't really like the taste of, it was bland and not on par. Service was pretty good and the drinks are so cute!
My party of 6 stopped by for a bite on a Saturday afternoon around 1-ish. Being that this place is more of a bar/night time-kind of place, understandably, the restaurant was a bit empty. Upon entering, you are immediately greeted by a very courteous host (he also opened the door for us when leaving, props).I thought that the place had very cute decor and had a nice vibe to it-- but that makes sense, the restaurant is relatively new (I consider Flushing Commons to be relatively new). Apparently out of the four available sauces, two were unavailable, including the soy garlic sauce at the time of our arrival (and I emphasize on this one because that was supposed to be the best sauce/the sauce we came to eat chicken with).We ordered the parmesan fries which were delicious-- oh so perfectly crispy and fresh. This was the delight of my meal, yum, though it isn't hard to find good fries these days....The rest of the meal was a bit lackluster. The pancake had a lot of pepper for some reason, which was interesting to me but not my kind of thing.Aside from the meal, we experienced mixed feelings on the service. The water took a while to get refilled, but when we were close to finishing the meal, our waiter immediately came to collect our empty dishes and provided us with more napkins...I guess I should stop by for a drink next time to get the bar experience part.
Spicy Rice Cake- delicious af! Super spicy though or at least I thought so. If you have a low tolerance for heat do not order this! Sweet Potato Fries- Really tasty and crunchy. Chicken- probably my favorite we had ordered a lot not realizing portions are shareable. Therefore, I would stick to shared entree and a starter or some fries if it's for two people. Had to take a star off because my server forgot to put in my meal order ( he bought me a shot for the mistake which was sweet of him).
So this is really 3.5 stars but no option for that. I'm updating my review to complain about the bowl of soup that this restaurant use. Its a shallow bowl. When I first came here they use the same bowl & thought it might improve since they just open. Last time I did complain to the server about it. I just try this restaurant for the second time. Good for 4 people we ordered the following:Half dozen raw oyster cost $9: not a bad deal at all! Bulgogi: It taste like its not really that marinated. It taste okay.  Large soy garlic chikcken wings: taste good! Crispy & exact sweetness. Spicy seafood soup: I inform the server we don't want that spicy & they really made it mild. It taste good but lack a little bit of salt. I ordered the same soup as before but I didn't ask for salt that time since it taste perfect before. I love the promotion on yelp that when you check in you get free drinks. Service is good! All in all food taste good! But hopefully they will gonna change the type of soup bowl they're using. Its just doesn't make sence because you can't get the amount of soup you want.
The food here is absolutely unique and delicious! I ordered a mozzarella cheese dip with pumpkin and it was so delicious! Such a different and unexpected combination, and I would definitely order it again. The chicken is also so crispy and truly a treat with every bite. I can't wait to visit again!
Fave wings spot so far (was Pelicana Chicken til now)!My friends and I ordered half and half of the classic Coop wings. The soy garlic ones are so flavorful and have the right amount of sauce, and the spicy ones are the perfect amount of heat. I loved them both! Pricewise, you get 12 pieces for $14 or 20 for...sorry not sure how much...oops. You can't manipulate how spicy it can be so you take what you get. The only thing was that the service was really slow. But regardless, I will be coming back here for my next wings craving!
Came here for the first time a few days ago with a couple friends, and I think its safe to say were were all supremely satisfied with both service and food. Before I begin, let me just say that fried chicken is one of my favorite foods in the world, so the coop was just the spot for me. The soy garlic chicken was absolutely delicious. Sweet, crunchy, savory, all the greatest aspects of good food. Their other appetizers were great too, especially the garlic parmesan fries. Environment was great, service was impeccable, and i definitely recommend this spot for anyone out with friends looking for a good place to eat and enjoy themselves.
had their fried chicken wings for takeout once. it was sticky with sugary sauce and just feels like pure fast food. i really expected a little more out of it as it was MORE BAR FOOD-ish than RESTAURANT FOOD-ish. the pricing also sucked big time as the wings were tiny. it'd prolly come here to hang out w/ friends who aren't big foodie but then again, there's a rooftop bar upstairs that makes better bar food and drinks...so yea.. those wings were a deal breaker. my big advice will be, focus on your theme, if you're a chinese takeout, you'd make sure that you're pork fried rice is kick ass and people will come back to, if you're viet restaurant you gotta make sure you're pho broth is up there and when you're a korean bar/restaurant, that fried chicken wing of yours needs to be really kick butt good. i'll check it out again soon, looking forward to the improvement. =D
Amazing wings!!! Some of my favorite in queens! Also the bulgogi quesadillas and cheesy bulgogi rice were freaking awesome. The fries too, get fries!  I sampled the melona mixed drink, not one of my manly moments but it tasted great. Perfect way to cool your mouth off from the spicy wings. Everything was perfect, Im looking forward to coming back for more wings!
Great place, fantastic food! 5 stars!!! Service was excellent and prompt. I highly recommend this restaurant and can't wait to go back!
I've tried a lot of Korean fried chicken spots, and while I can't say that they food is out of this world, it does hit the mark on service and atmosphere. They have a great hip ambiance, especially for a restaurant in Flushing. (Yes, Flushing. Don't worry - the parking lot is practically across the street). My boyfriend and I shared the truffle parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadilla and a small order of soy garlic wings. We also had a drink each - a beer for him, and the melony (it had the melon bar in it!) one for me. Prices are fairly cheap for what we ordered, not that the food was anything too amazing. The fries were pretty standard, but that doesn't mean they weren't good. The wings were a bit on the smaller side, but 12 for $14 is a solid price. As for the bulgogi quesadilla, it was exactly what it sounded like. A cool idea, but not necessarily a must-try. Service was great - we were greeted right when we walked in, then again when we went up the stairs. Our server came over immediately and served us our waters, which were never empty. The decor is nice, but still comfy. They have a projector showing music videos on the side as well as two TVs by the bar area.
If you are craving Korean style fried chicken, this place will satisfy those cravings. It's your typical sports bar where it's loud and busy. The games of the night are being played in the background while people scream over the EDM genre of music.  Nothing is worst than having chicken wings where it seemed like the chicken was on a diet. Good thing we didn't come across that issue here. The chicken wings were finger licking good with its' crunchy exterior and moist interior. One of the best things they serve is the pickled radish that comes with your wings. Those radishes have just the right sweetness and tang to go with your wings and spicy dishes. Make sure you ask for more!The Korean entrees were fairly good for bar food. It didn't blow me away but it accomplishes it's goal to give you the flavors you would expect. Service is friendly here and the prices are reasonable. However, parking is not friendly around here.
Been here many more times since my first visit and they deserve an updated 5 star review.  Service each time has been impeccable; friendly servers, and food arrives quickly. Important note Korean wings take a long time to cook (double fried) so expect to wait for that or order right away. I usually sit at the bar because it seems service is better there. Overall food is very good and drinks are strong. Only improvement I can think of is the music is often too loud.
Came in for a few appetizers, including chicken wings, quesadilla and the cheese sticks,the wings were super spicy I couldn't finish them, the quesadilla was weird because they put some type of mayonnaise type stuff in it, wasn't into that, the chases sticks were ok, over all it was ok, but wouldn't come back.
What is all the hype about? It's way too expensive and our waitress who was a young Korean girl was quite neglectful. Forgot to bring us water and we asked multiple times. I give it two stars for the food. The japchae and the wings were good.Holy crap though. Not to bash Korean food but it doesn't seem like it's hard to make/simple ingredients, yet it costs more than a huge bowl of pho for only $8.
This place needs better customer service. It's the biggest problem with places in flushing. Places like this want to charge good prices for their food but then they give you shady service. Last time I was here we waited long for the food and it came out well spaced apart. They dropped silverware all around us and cleaned the tables with some dirty looking rags. The food was actually good but I was turned off by the service.
Good happy hour $3 beer & $1 oyster but strange happy hour one bartender wouldn't let me order another beer until I was finish my first beer. Strange lol. The other bartenders are cool. Delish Korean fried chicken soy garlic yummy. Loud noisy. I would stop by after work for a few beers Good place and friendly people.
Nothing but good things to say about this place and their happy hour! The staff is super nice, friendly and attentive, always asking you if you need anything extra. They walked around asking each table if anyone wants to order last minute happy hour dishes before they close off the menu for the night! The restaurant also plays some pretty good music, but anyways lets get to the more important part: For happy hour,  I got the midori sour ($7) and it was delicious! They gave us just the right amount of alcohol too; I hate places that skimp out on the alcohol during happy hour. These cocktails were dangerously too good, if you don't watch yourself you can totally be gone after a few. I also ordered 12 soy sauce chicken wings, which was also on the happy hour menu ($6 for 6 wings). The wings were admittedly small but they were so so good!!! They were crispy on the outside and the meat was so flavorful on the inside, basically everything you wanted in a chicken wing. Definitely do recommend you ordering this item! Next, we got a dozen happy hour oysters ($1 each). I must say they were pretty decently sized! They also tasted very fresh! So no complains about the oysters at all! Lastly we ordered the "gratin rice" dish to share. It was basically a baked pot with rice, bulgolgi, and mozzarella cheese on top! I thought it was just okay...not much flavor there, definitely the dish for you if you enjoy your cheese. There was also no meat flavor so I was a little disappointed, but overall, okay dish! I probably won't order this again though.
Seeing as how a new Korean fried chicken restaurant spawned from a construction site, I just had to visit. Upon entering, I was immediately drawn by the nice ambiance and decor. Since it was a crowded night, I sat by the bar instead of waiting for a table.Now for the good stuff:- Mango Soju - I found it to be extremely delicious, yet STRONG. I love how they keep it cold by placing it in a bucket of ice. I'd want to go back and try the other flavors next time.- Bulgolgi Quesadilla - comes with sour cream and some veggies on the sides. This was so yummy!- Parmesan Truffle Fries - huge portion, very yummy and cheesy (well, obviously)- Soy garlic fried chicken - nice and crispy, great flavor!The Coop also has great music and service was excellent.. the waters kept getting refilled! Hence, overall I'd give it the five stars. =]
After a highly relaxing day at King spa with my fellow bridesmaids and the bride to be, we were starving. We decided to try out The Coop, and I must say, we are vey happy with our decision. As there were a total of 6 of us, we got to try a whole bunch of food, which surpassed my expectations! We ordered the pork rib fondue, LA Kalbi, fried whole chicken, Budae Jjigae or Army Stew, and large soy garlic wings. The food came out in a timely fashion and was oh so good! The pork rib fondue wasn't as spicy as it looked and paired really well with the melted gooey mozzarella cheese. The kalbi was well marinated and extremely flavorful. The portion size of the army stew wasn't as big for the price paid, but the taste made up for the price. The wings were perfectly crispy and had just the right amount of sauce on them! I was too stuffed to eat more wings, but I will be back for their happy hour to try their $1 oysters and wings! Overall, the six of us left very much full and happy campers.
The spiciness of the wings is no joke. I like spicy but sadly it was way too spicy for me, I stuck with the soy garlic which was delicious! Love the radishes they give out. Wings are fried to perfection - the meat is soft and juicy and the skin is nicely crisped and sauce is fingerlickin good. I've also tried their rabokii (ramen+ddukbokki) with cheese - it was amaazing. Love the rustic and cozy ambiance in here. Will for sure come back if in Flushing and craving for KFC.
Good ambiance, awesome food great service!Food must haves-truffle fries-Bulgogi quesadilla -kimchi fried rice-combo wings (garlic and spicy)-slidersMake sure you check out Ava at the bar she's awesome!
Got SCAMMED but the chicken tastes really good at least! Ordered 20pc half and half wings to go and when I get home and open the box I am missing 1 spicy AND 1 soy garlic for a total of 18 wings.. I have zero idea as to how they can miscount 10 pieces twice but most likely will never come back since this is a horrible first impression. ALSO had to wait 40 minutes for my wings to come out despite being told a 15-20 wait :(
I LOVE Angela and Jacob they are THE BEST PEOPLE they are wonderful and friendly and so easy to talk to!
Step inside the Coop and be surprised by the modern vibe and cool decor. Servers and bartenders are pleasant and attentive. Delicious cocktails and yummy food. Servings are on the small side compared to other flushing eats but we come more for a "night out" to have drinks and snacks.
I loveeeeee Korean soy garlic fried chicken!! My ultimate fried chicken favorite! ...just in case it wasn't clear enough. Big space, wood decor,  contemporary, not typical for Flushing. Yes, i would go back and will/have already recommend to others.
I really like this place. Went here for a lunch with my friends. We had the hot pot, the chicken wings and the pumpkin cheese (I don't remember the name). The service is very nice. I think that the hot pot can be bigger LOL. But it was really good. We enjoyed everything! I will sure come back
The Coop has such a funny name and it should immediately help you realize that this place is all about the wings. Surprisingly the wings only came in two flavors but they also serve grilled whole chickens in other flavors but did not get to try since we came here for a very early dinner.  The price is average for korean food but 2-3 bucks more than the food you would normally pay for in flushing but it is fairly easier to get to than other kfc places on northern and is situated alongside a very hipsterish coffee place and some other new restaurants across from the old flushing mall.No complaints about the service. Very helpful and nice and even suggested that we order our wings right away so that we wouldn't wait too long to get them while we were perusing the menu. We ordered the half and half which was half soy garlic half spicy. The wings had a very crispy crunchy shell but they were very small. They tasted good but there was not enough sauce. They have handi wipes if your fingers get a bit dirty from eating the wings but they won't give them unless you ask. Otherwise you may as well just wash your hands in the single person bathrooms.We ordered the galbi which only came with a few slices of marinated beef atop some stir fried veggies like straw enoki mushrooms, peppers and onions and on the side was a gruel like substance which I thought at first was cheese but tasted like very thinly set powdered mashed potatoes. The galbi was a little too salty for my liking and I definitely needed to have some other stuff along with it.We also ordered the kimchi fried rice which came with two luscious runny eggs on top almost covering the whole pan it came in. The rice was good not great but the eggs made up for it.  Some of the entrees are a better bet than the sides since a side of truffle fries is about $8 while an entree like noodles or rice was just a few dollars more. They had some interesting items like a bulgogi quesadilla and a tasty sounding omelet and stews like budae jigae which every other table seemed to be having. They even come with their own table burner.The setting and furnishings were very modern with an asian feel with their sparse square wooden benches and tables. The bar was nicely decorated and seemed like a good place to throw back a drink especially since flushing has so few bars but the alcoholic drinks seem to be a little bit on the pricey side. They have a happy hour and they have a deal on oysters and you can order half of their half order of wings but it is not necessarily at a discounted price.I enjoyed watching the kpop videos in the background and it is definitely a nice place to have a relaxed dinner.I give 3 stars for the wings and some of the food but giving them an extra star for proximity, service and decor.
I was craving for some Korean fried chickens and just happened to pass by here the other day, so my friend and I decided to try this place out for the first time. We went around 1:30PM and there weren't many people so we were seated immediately.This place is a dining and bar all-in-one type of restaurant. We didn't order any drinks and went with their half & half chicken wings, sweet potato fries and Japchae. The chicken wings are okay, but not as bomb. The Japchae and the fries are definitely good ones to go for. We didn't encounter any problems with the service here. Will probably come back again to try out more stuff.
Been here a few times for dinner with coworkers after work. Very convenient location and the food is always pretty darn good. Every time I've been here I was seated immediately and the service was good.The soy garlic chicken is not my absolute favorite but it's definitely up there on my list. Very crispy and not dry.  The truffle fries though, are so freaking good. They give extra sauce at no charge, which I appreciate. I've also had the bulgogi quesadilla. It was interesting; even as I finished it off, I couldn't decide whether or not I liked it. My friend got the chicken gizzards and said they were good.There's also a cozy looking bar that I will one day visit. Very nice ambiance and a great and comfortable place to eat with a group of friends.
YES YES YES YES YES a Korean place that's in Flushing that's NOT on Northern Blvd. It's right next to the new Hyatt hotel (close to Presso coffee!) Get the bulgogi quesadilla!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sooooooo delicioussssssssss. Melon bar in my cocktail ($12) was lovely due to the novelty factor. That's all. - Jap chae - aiite - Seafood pancake - pretty good- Shrimp pilaf - shrug- Projection on the wall of Kpop music videos - mesmerizing - Price - $90 for 2 people for dinner... hmm... definitely not typical of Flushing
Hoenstly one of the best spots to go and hang out with friends, it's a perfect place to go sit and talk and chit chat. Environment is a little noisy but that's what makes the spot so enjoyable. Service was quick and food was pretty good too!
Ambiance: modern, posh, romantic with either candlelight tables Service: service was quite on point, they were attentive and nice from entering the place to providing the check Food:  the reviews about how the food takes a while to get to you is entirely correct, but once you get it, it's quite delicious.. But then again whole waiting I was getting very hungry so it could have been the hunger talkingMy friends and I went ahead and ordered what seemed to be the more popular dishes that were reviewed on Yelp - truffle fries - bulgolgi quesadilla - half and half wings - spicy pork belly These dishes were delicious, but be warned the spicy half of the wings is quite spicy! As for drinks they have a decent selection for what you would find in flushing. All on all good place to check out in flushing either to drink or get a good meal.
I order the mushroom casserole, the coop wings half/half, truffle fries, rice cakes. The casserole is pretty flavorful with every shrooms available with glass noodles and beef. Great to eat during this weather. The truffle fries were good and so was the rice cakes. The rice cakes were spiceyyyyy BUT GOOD. They added ramen in there, like the shin bowl noodles. Don't get your hopes up with the noodles. The wings were not as crispy and flavored as I imagined. The spicy wasn't spiced and the soy garlic was lacked everything. I prefer mad for chicken wings. The service was good, they attended up when we needed them and they were very polite.
The Coop was worth a try, but I won't be coming back, not after the clear sexism I experienced from one of the bartenders, whom I and my (male) partner have encountered twice now.I'll talk about the positive elements: the kimchi fried rice was filling and well-balanced (thanks to the eggs and ham), and the soy garlic wings were just to my taste. It has two large TVs at the bar, where my partner and I watched a quarterfinal game during the NBA playoffs during our first time here. I wish this place offered dessert, but because it didn't, I went next door to get that and bring it back to the bar.Our bartender (forget his name, but he's an East Asian-looking man with a lanky build + sharp facial features) interacted with us nicely at first; as the three of us started discussing basketball, though, his bias towards me, a woman, became clear. For instance: when he verbally asked, "Are you both rooting for the Spurs?" he made eye contact only with my partner, but I responded to his question anyway, after which he looked at me with disdain and nodded once. I got that same lackluster response during the few times afterwards that I mentioned anything about the game. In contrast, he acted more animated and only made eye contact with my partner when asking additional questions and starting discussions about the basketball game, acting as if I wasn't there. Though this bartender asked my partner if they could shoot some hoops together (and thus exchanged contact info), I left the bar pretty ticked off by the clear unevenness in how he interacted with me versus with my partner-- acting as if I couldn't hold a conversation with him about the basketball game. As we walked out of the bar, I remember saying to my compassionate partner, "folks gotta give women more credit." Tonight, my partner and I were about to give this spot another try, but after bumping into this bartender once again, I'm glad we didn't. As soon as we walked in, I heard, "Welcome!" in Korean and then spotted that same bartender, who apparently was off-duty and was sitting at the bar. He greeted my partner but failed to acknowledge me. Again I experienced another moment of feeling invisible and the whole time I thought, "This bartender needs to cut out that bullshit." So when my partner asked me, "Should we get a seat?" I instantly said, "Nope, let's go somewhere else." That'll always be my response when someone asks to go to the Coop. And off we went.
Good chicken wings and good truffle fries. The only thing I wished they had a little bit more bar food like nachos or onion rings. But overall the chicken and fries were good.
After a quick Yelp search while in Flushing, I happened upon the Coop. I thought it was an odd name for a Korean restaurant. However, their menu includes many bar food items along with Korean staples.We were very happy to see that the Coop is located in a fairly modern building. It's a long restaurant. We entered through 39th Avenue and the restaurant seems to extend an entire block with a separate exit near the bar area. We were delighted that the room was very modern, consisting of a full length bar, bar dining area, lots of two seaters and even community type rectangular tables that could seat large parties.We order chicken wings, a seafood pancake and spicy pork belly. I felt that chicken wings were just okay, nothing great. It's equivalent to UFC or Bonchon. The skin wasn't thin and flaky, but seemed a bit thick. The spicy wing sauce was only mildly spicy. As for the seafood pancake, it wasn't the best, but came in a decent portion. There was also a nice sauce that came along with the pancake. It didn't have the chewiness that I like and didn't have too much seafood, but as for volume it was okay in getting me full. As for the spicy pork belly, it was served on a sizzling platter. This dish was excellent was nicely done stir fried with a spicy bean paste. The service was a bit off because I thought there were too few servers. It was nearly toward the end of the meal that we got our water glasses refilled. When we did interact with the waitresses, they were nice and pleasant.All in all, I feel that this is a good hangout place for the younger set. There is a television, communal tables, bar areas that would be perfect for a night out. The music was pretty good as well. Pricing-wise, I think they're in line with other places, my reference point being K-town in Manhattan. It's not ultra-cheap, but if you're interested in better surroundings, this is the place to go.
Never had Korean food before so I found this spot. The bulgogi was really good!!!! The wings were amazing. I forgot what my friends had but it was really good too. Loved the Halloween decorations, chill atmosphere. The hostess was very sweet! Would def recommend to anyone looking for a chill spot
Great food! Awesome staff!What we ordered:Truffle Parmesan Fries (sooo good We ordered this 4 times!)Soy Garlic wings Spicy wings Pork Rib Fondue (tasty but don't think it was worth $24)Bulgogi Quesadilla (eh, nothing special)The staff were super attentive. They filled up our popcorn and water when it was empty and kept coming around to see if we needed anything. We came here with the intentions of watching the METS game. They were so accommodating and switched the game onto the projector screen for us instead of watching it on the tiny tv by the bar. It was a rainy friday night, we made reservations for 10 ppl but I guess since it was raining and a fairly new place we had no issues. Very spacious and clean. It's nice and convenient to have a Korean chicken place in the heart of Flushing. Definitely would come back for future sports games.
I got to know this place from a good friend of mine who works at a pharmacy above the restaurant. The environment is absolutely gorgeous! (The lighting, and background music, and the colors) The Korean restaurant is known for making the most uniquely flavored sweet/spicy chicken which left me addicted to it. I highly recommend this to anyone who is a food maniac like myself!
I've only been here once the other day but it was a great experience. I love the atmosphere and the food also tasted good. The only bad thing was the makgeolli was very light in alcohol so we had to order a bottle of soju and mix it with the makgeolli. Regardless, the staff was very nice and the place wasn't bad.
I liked this place. It wasn't phenomenal but I would go back because the atmosphere was pretty cool. Decor was nice. Good for date night or a chill spot to hang out with friends. The door they have on the mall side is SO LOUD. It slams everytime which is pretty distracting. Now on to the food.. The seafood pancake was delicious (except for the big slices of carrots - not a fan). It had a good amount of seafood in it which is a nice change when everyone else is trying to skimp. The soy garlic Coop Wings were pretty bland. I wouldn't go there again for them. It comes with a corn slaw and radish. Radish was yummy, corn slaw was weird. The chef's salad was actually pretty tasty. I would get that again with the dressing on the side. Overall it's probably a better place for drinks, but if that's the case I'd rather head over to Leaf Lounge next door.
I have made two visits here and one was really good and one was subpar, I am upping a star since I feel the second trip more than made up for original visit. I love the decor, the openness, the cute waitresses, the "scenery" and on my second trip, the food as well. The Coop is a month old Korean Fried Chicken joint located on the grounds of the new Hyatt Place in Flushing. Their HH for their chicken is not really a deal since it is 6 wings for $7 bucks for HH, when their reg small order of wings is 12 wings for $14. Hoodwinked. The HH is Mon-Fri which is nice and their $3 drafts were pretty good, I enjoyed my Lagunitas. They have a pretty extensive drink menu which was great, I had a few friends go on a previous visit and got pretty sloshed on their soju and mixed soju. I feel this place would would be a good place for someone who wanted to try Korean food for the very first time.The food:Coop Wings- I thought the chicken was just OK the first trip but much better the second trip. So we ordered the half and half and the soy garlic runs a tad sweet and their spicy had a little baby lingering kick. The first trip the wings were just about room temp, the second trip the wings were pipping hot. They were nicely crispy and not oily at all, I was much happier with my second trip.Truffle Parmesan Fries- Fries tossed in truffle oil and Parmesan cheese. I thought these were great, the truffle oil perfumes the fries nicely and the cheese offers a nice little salty bite. The fries were hot and crunchy, I would get this again.Bulgogi Quesadilla- Bulgogi, Mozzarella cheese, onion and mushroom. This is a really popular option for theirs apps but I thought it was just OK. I thought the filling was too sweet and the quesadilla had no texture what so ever, the outer quesadilla was completely soft. Overall just OK. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Oyster Happy Hour. The Oyster were Bluepoints so nothing too exciting but they were a $1 so whatevs. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Bossam- Braised pork belly with chives and white Kimchi. Bossam is a really popular Korean dish and the one here was pretty OK. The pork belly had a nice layer of fat and was prepared well but I do wish it had a tad more flavor even with the addition of sauce and Kimchi. The white Kimchi was pretty mild in flavor. This was my first time having white Kimchi and it didn't really feel like Kimchi.Seafood Jeon- Seafood pancake with mussels, prawn, squid and spring onion. I thought this dish was good but too oily. I liked the flavor and I liked the crispy top but the dish was greasy.Pilaf- Fried rice with vegetables and choice of beef/shrimp/pork. Basically, this is a Korean dish called bibimbap that they decided to rename as pilaf, it was neither. The dish is served as fried rice in a heated bowl with a side of vegetables that you add and mix everything together with the fried egg on top. We ordered the beef version and the beef was on the tough side and didn't offer a lot of flavor. This dish was kinda insulting to be called Pilaf or bibimbap since it felt like Chinese food court fried rice served in a hot stone bowl. This dish felt like it was served for someone who never had Korean food before.Japchae- Korean sweet potato noodle, beef rib eye and assorted vegetables. The issue I had with this dish was that it was oily and then it was lacking in flavor. The texture of the noodle was fine, but that was kinda the extent of my like.
gotta try the bulgogi quesadilla... its crack. over food was decent, vibes chill, music good. Was my first time really checking out this area although i've lived in flushing my whole life! It's a nice place to chill with a buncha food spots to hit.service was a1. especially sabrina & alice! 1000000 stars!!! all of sabrina's recommendations hit home run & alice was super warm / friendly.check it out~
Love their chicken, fries and flavored soju.The servers are very sweet and friendly. The ambiance is nice and cozy. The seating arrangement is nice and it's pretty big.It's a perfect spot to hangout with friends and talk for hours while drinking.
Food was great, but the service was complete shit. The lady named Angela served everyone like all the customers killed her family. Honey was actually dragging her feet and hunched over like she was beat with a stick. Brought down the mood of the whole restaurant. And did I mention the attitude? We asked for water and she actually rolled her eyes at us. WTF. And after all the bullshit service, we still have her 15% tip. But did she accept? No. The gave us the money back and word for word said "other people usually pay 18%" and made us give her what she thought was the correct amount. Like, sweetie. No. U don't even deserve 10%. Not after your shitty service to the whole restaurant. Me and my friends loved coop before, but now this experience killed it for us.
The food here is a must. The wings here unlike debasaki come out in 20 minutes instead of 30, thats a plus. Its very crunchy and sweet for the soy garlic, The hostess Sabrina was very sweet and friendly and answered all questions we had with the menu, 5 stars for the superb service. Our waitress angela and alice  were also very nice and polite. We had the cocktail soju and seafood cream udon. Everything better than expected, Will come again!
Randomly came here after trying to decide on a place with with a friend. Came on a Saturday afternoon and was sat immediately.  There wasn't that big of a crowd since it was fairly new at the time located and in the plaza of the new hotel. The staff was nice and attentive. It's also a family restaurant if you have kids. Menu was not overly priced and food was good.  We ordered the Korean style chicken wings calamari and quesadilla and they were all delicious. There are two entrances but the main one faces Prince Street. Left pretty satisfied and you will too.
Love this new addition to Flushing and can't wait to come back here. There is an express entrance, where you can get take away and the other entrance is the main entrance. They have high chairs and are kid friendly! The cocktails are $12 each and there is a long list of sakes and wines available. There is also a full bar available. We got a small order wings, mixed flavored spicy and soy garlic flavor. We also got the truffle fries and the gratin with bulgogi. The gratin was delicious! With cheese, rice and meat, you can't go wrong. The order of truffle fries was $10 but you get a lot of fries and there is hint of truffle oil. The wings were meaty, although the spicy flavor is pretty spicy. The wings come with a side bit of corn and radish and they also give you some side kimchi and bean sprouts. Coming back here soon to try the baked ribs with cheese dish and sweet potato fries!
Best Korean wings I have ever had.  The crispy crunchy skin was amazing.  We did a half and half order.  The soy garlic are very good but the hot are better.  They are hot but not overly hot where you can enjoy them.The truffle fries were very good.  The crunch was perfect but it was hard to wait for them to cool down enough to eat!The atmosphere here is very nice.  It is an upscale bar feel with a very modern look.The service was friendly and welcoming.Overall great addition to he flushing wing scene.
I've come here a couple times, most recently last night. The food is pretty good, truffle fries and fried chicken were outstanding. However, what this place lacks is teaching the servers some manners. Not only did our waitress look like she was miserable and was unwelcoming. She kept trying to rush us out after thirty minutes. The place was completely empty around 6pm and we ordered three appetizers and three entrees with drinks. If half the food was still there after thirty minutes being on the table, I don't understand why they are pushy.
I don't eat korean fried chicken often so I decided to hop on the bandwagon for an early birthday dinner during their happy hour. We ordered 18 oysters ($1 each), 18 wings ($1 each), truffle parmesan fries ($8), a sex on the beach cocktail ($7), oyster shots ($4 each) and a beer on draft ($3). All are happy hour pricing except for the fries which is not included in their happy hour (3-7pm weekdays).I've been to a couple of raw oyster happy hours and this one is pretty good! The oysters are large and not briny. It comes with half a lemon, hot sauce and cocktail sauce. It was my first time trying hot sauce paired with oysters and it was yummyThe wings were also a favorite of mine. Generally, korean fried chicken takes about 20 minutes to prepare so I expected to wait a bit. They came out quicker than I thought and I got to try both the spicy and the soy garlic. Both have good flavors but the spicy is a bit too much for me. I can generally eat spicy food but this one had a lingering aftertaste that made me not want to eat another. This dish comes with pickled radish and mayo corn which can probably help counteract the spice.I've heard that the truffle parmesan fries are a hit here so I had to try. Loved them! Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I also love the mixture of sweet and salty of the seasoning.The cocktail I got was very sweet and smaller than I thought but still gave me a slight buzz. The oyster shots were also pretty good and something I'd never seen before! My only complaint is that it takes some work to get that oyster out of the shot glass so you're just drinking cocktail sauce at first.Service was not the best even though it wasn't that busy. I felt like i had to flail my arms to get their attention but at least our waters were refilled constantly. All in all, a decent experience and I am a fan of the ambience here.
A new and trendy Korean fried chicken place in Flushing so I knew I had to try it out! So I came here with friends for food after classes and we arrived at around 2:30. Parking was easy since the Skyview mall parking lot and the municipal parking lot are just a few blocks away :) I liked the decor of this place! Even though it's also a bar, it was brightly lit so I didn't have to blindly feel my food in the dark lol. The tables and utensils were very clean. Service was excellent! Normally, the truffle fries can only be ordered after 3pm but they were very accommodating and allowed us to order it even though it was before 3. They came by fairly often to refill water and remove empty plates/trash.Truffle fries- Very crispy and delicious! They come with a spicy mayo sauce and ketchup. I recommend dipping the fries in the spicy mayo sauce since ketchup is more common and can be found anywhere lol.Bulgogi quesadilla- Absolutely delicious!! It's a little pricy but it is definitely worth it because it was so good! The meat was great and paired perfectly with the cheese. It also comes with a tasty sour cream sauce. Definitely a must-get appetizer!Soy garlic wings- Very delicious. I haven't been to Mad for Chicken for years so I can't really compare these to those. Regardless, I still found the ones here to be very crispy and tasty!Happy hour oysters- My first time trying raw oysters and I found them to be alright. They come with a lemon, cocktail sauce, and spicy sauce. It sort of tasted like sashimi IMO. I didn't get a stomachache so I'm assuming they were fresh lol.1 order of truffle fries, 1 order of bulgogi quesadilla, 3 orders of soy garlic wings (large), and 6 oysters costed each of us ~$22 (we were a group of 5). I would say this is a pretty standard price at Korean fried chicken places. For the price, I was very satisfied with the delicious food that we got. I would say I liked it here more than Debasaki. A great new addition to Flushing!
I've been here twice and the atmosphere is welcoming. The waiters and waitresses are constantly assisting and they are patient. This place is great for both huge groups and dates. The first time I came here it was to celebrate two birthdays. We were a fairly large group that fully took up one long table. We ordered a lot of food and were quite loud, but the waitresses were kind and patient after the mess we had made. They even took a group picture for us. The second time I came here, it was for a date because we were craving the food here. We ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries and fried chicken. The fries came with two dips: ketchup and what I believed to be honey mustard. The fries were amazing and I would recommend them to anyone coming here. Overall, this place is perfect for almost any event and the food was really good, would definitely come again.
I like the atmosphere, the service and the food. I came here with a friend. We shared an order of bulgogi quesadilla and medium wings (about 12 wings in total. half spicy, half garlic). The quesadilla tastes amazing. I was surprised that the mozzarella cheese really complemented the bulgogi. I think Mexican and Korean food are meant to be together!The wings have a lot of flavor. I think the half spicy is a little bit too spicy, but tolerable. It's spicy but not overly spicy to the point where you can't taste anything. Still quite delicious. The garlic wings are also great. The order came with pickled radish and corn.I would love to go back.
Great place, the happy hour is the best. $3 well drinks, $1 Oysters and wings from 3pm - 7pm. The atmosphere is cool and hip, it's a place you can either come on a date or with friends and have fun. Good selection of food and drinks, there one with cotton candy in...yes, it's that good. No complaints with staff or service.
Honestly I only come here for the fried chicken since it's Korean fried chicken  (self explanatory if you ever had them) but if you do come for the other dishes, they're overpriced for the portion size they give you. The flavors of the dishes are pretty bland so I would recommend if you do come here to just buy the chicken as takeout rather than dining in.
Great for large groups of friends. They have a large selection of delicious chicken, but I like their fried chicken stuff with corn the best. Price is reasonable and service is great. Its really cozy and nice inside as well.
Probably one of the best places to go grab wings and Other dishes in flushing. The garlic wings are just amazing and it's always crispy and crunchy to the bite. Great ambience inside for hanging out and socializing
Good Korean food in heart of flush.  Very modern atmosphere with a good bar. Their chicken are as good as the other famous Korean chicken. Their pork belly dishes was good too.  m-f they have a $3 draft beer during happy hours. Staff was attentive and made me feel welcomeThey changed their happy hour.  End at 6 pm now
This place needs new staffs badly!! They know nothing about customer service.  Only reason why this place gets two stars instead of one is because foods were actually pretty good.  They have best ddukbokki in flushing area imo.  Seafood cream udon dish was pretty good.
Setting 5/5- Came here to eat on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm. There were plenty of seats. The restaurant is kid friendly with high chairs available for my toddler. Food:1) Truffle fries 4/5 -crispy and flavorful2) Jap Chae 3/5 -decently good, noodles were soft3) Seafood jeon aka seafood pancake 3/5- smaller than other Korean restaurants' and there wasn't much seafood in it4) Chicken wings 3/5- they didn't have the soy garlic wings or spicy wings available. We had to settle for plain fried chicken wings with dipping sauces on the side. The sauces we got were honey mustard, sweet & spicy (did not taste spicy), and Korean marinade (this was really spicy). I like how the restaurant uses hormone and antibiotic free chickens, but was disappointed we didn't get to try the soy garlic wings. The wings were typical bar food sized wings. If you want to be full, I'd suggest going to Bonchon. Service 3/5- our waitress never came back to check on us or refill our water, we had to flag her down. The guy in the front opened the door for us to enter and leave. PS- You will still have room for dessert after eating here.
Happy hour and lunch specials are great but the customer service can be lacking at times. I've been here 3 times already. Food isn't spectacular but it's the closest walking distance spot to get the Korean fried chicken. The decor is nice and they have a large space.
Came here one day with the kids (WhaaaAaatt?!?!  Yelp says a place isn't good for kids, and I bring my kids anyways?!  Yup, I does this.) and I found that The Coop does somethings well, and some things average.  Hence, the three stars.First, as far as ambiance - thumbs up.  Modern, not too dark (like a movie theater) nor too bright (like an ER! yikes), clean and not cramped.  It was late afternoon on a weekend, so it wasn't peak hours (per my note about bringing my kids - at least give me some credit for not taking them during Happy Hour, alright?) and the noise level was minimal.Now what matters:Appetizers:Mozzarella Sticks: I wanted one but was denied.  Kids scarfed them down, so they are pre-adult approved.Truffle Fries: I was looking forward to these, but was mildly disappointed.  I won't order these again.Entrees:Whole Fried Chicken:  So my youngest mini-me has survived off of a diet that to-date is 50% fried chicken (or things I have told him are fried chicken), and this was a given.  You can get it made two ways for $2 more I believe, so we had half of it regular, and half of it Korean glazed.  The Korean version was really good.  Yummy.  The regular?  A bit bland.  Oh and a side note: the Korean version didn't seem at all spicy at the time, but when I had some leftovers the following day, the spices had really kicked in.Spicy Pork Belly: Comes out looking like a pork version of bulgogi, sizzling in its iron platter and dressed up with a few squares of tofu and greens.  This was really tasty.  And pretty spicy.  I would definitely have this again.One thing that could easily be fixed by The Coop would be making sure their servers aren't overwhelmed.  We saw that we were waiting quite a while from the time we were seated to the time we could put in our order (I actually got up to let our server know we were ready), and it was because it seemed like our server was covering all the tables by herself.  When it came time for the bill, I didn't hold any of the wait-time against her.All in all, I saw enough good in The Coop to warrant a return visit.
My friends have been going on about this place for months,so they finally got a chance to take me. Appearance : it had a nice atmosphere, music was playing was not to loud, just enough for some background noise. The place looked clean and welcoming Food: we our ordered the half and half wings (1/2 soy garlic and 1/2 spicy , both were delicious.. The spicy had a kick to it, so if your aren't a spice head maybe stick to the soy garlic. Either way they were both nice and crispy and delicious. We also ordered the seafood Jeon. I was a but hesitate, since I don't like much seafood besides shrimp but this was so good, never got that raw seafood taste or smell. Overall : I enjoyed the place and the food very much. I would definitely  come back for the wings ( I love wings! ) check it out!!
Chicken is good, that's what the restaraunt is known for. Everything else on the menh tastes bad
My boyfriend and I came here for after work drinks and wings (our fav). They have soy and spicy. Now I have a tolerance for spicy but their wings were uncomfortably spicy. The drinks were good. Probably will return because it's local.
They have a happy hour from 3-7 with $1 oysters we always try to catch. The wings, truffle fries and bulgogi quesadillas are always on point. Sometimes high chairs require a wait.
I came back several times after the grand opening and I feel the need to update my review. Originally I had given this restaurant 5 stars but now I feel like it deserves a 4.My first visit was during lunch time, so the restaurant was quiet and servers were attentive. They also let us choose from the full menu. I later came back for another lunch the same week to find that they only offer the lunch menu now. I was very disappointed because their lunch menu is expensive and the combo isn't great. You get an entree + drink for $15. That's basically it, no side salad combo or anything like that. Secondly, I dined in for dinner once and the music was so loud you could not even have a conversation with the person next to you. I understand they want to be exciting at night but there's no reason to crank to volume so high that you can't have a decent conversation during dinner. My last complaint is their plain salads. We got a chef salad and it's basically lettuce, chicken, croutons and cheese for $15. Where's the tomatoes, eggs and stuff?! Besides of all that, the food is pretty decent. There are definitely some I like more than others. In my opinion the top dishes are wings, grilled whole chicken (amazing and organic), pilaf with pork (spicy!), bulgogi quesadilla and sliders. I recently saw they have Happy Hour Oyster deals... Can't wait to try that.
Came here a little before 6pm on a Friday for their $1 Happy Hour Oysters.  I love oysters and the after effects of eating oysters, so when my fiance suggested trying this new restaurant out, I was down!  He arrived before me, and according to him, they announced the last call for happy hour orders before it struck 6pm, which is a nice move!We ordered 2 Guiness, 2 dozens of oysters, a mussel soup, 6 soy garlic wings and a bulgogi quesadilla to share.  The oysters weren't the best we've had but each was worth the dollar!  The mussel soup was light, had a nice kick to it from jalapeño peppers and was jam-packed with fat, fluffy mussels.  The soy garlic wings were surprisingly good, but not as good as Mad for Chicken, both portion and taste-wise.  The beef bulgogi quesadilla wasn't anything special, probably a dish I would pass on next time.Overall, it was a pretty decent meal.  I would return for its great atmosphere, happy hour deals and Kpop music videos.
I am 5 foot 2 and weigh 100 lbs more or less...I only say that to say after two strawberry margaritas I am barely tipsy. Pour stronger drinks!
Just left the restaurant. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. Food was decent. Made reservations for 8 people. We were seated immediately upon arrival and asked the waiter what time happy hour would end, to which they said 7 pm. To save them the trouble, I collected all orders and wrote it down on a piece of paper. The paper had "6 orders of coop soy garlic,1 coop spicy, 9 oysters" for the happy hour orders. We verbally went through each order, confirmed it with the waiter, and handed them the paper. When the only oysters came, we only received 6/9. After the other food came, we asked the waiters several times where our COOP wings were. They said 25 minutes the first time. After an hour of placing the Order, we had finished the rest of the food but the wings had still not arrived. a couple minutes later, they brought over a plate with 6 soy garlic wings and 6 spicy wings. We called the waiter again after 30 minutes and they said we had ordered 1 order of soy garlic and 1 order of spicy wings. we spoke to the manager and they insisted we ordered one order of each. They said we could get the wings if they paid full price for them, instead of the happy hour prices. They offered NO COMPENSATION for their mistakes and tried blaming it on us. Honestly, if they had followed the paper, why didn't they come out with 6 soy garlic wings and ONE piece of spicy wing??
My brother was recommended by a few of his friends to try this place out and brought me along with him for lunch. The atmosphere is really sheik and they play a lot of popular cover songs. We ordered from the lunch menu a large portion of garlic soy sauce wings and a side order of their truffle fries. The food did take a while to come out but in these kind of places it usually does. The wings were super crisp and fried to perfection and the sauce was a good mix of savory with a subtle hint of sweetness. The fries were great but honestly nothing stood out to me about them. For two people it was enough food and the waiting staff is nice. The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars it's because it was a little too pricey
This place was pretty cool! The decor or the place had a hip bar with dim lights standard tables and a dining area with a sports game in the back. The food:We ordered the japchae, seafood stew, and the sweet and spicy wings. Japchae: average/10. The noodles were a little thin but the flavor was good, for me just a little under seasoned. Seafood stew: 8/10 pretty solid dish, a lot of seafood, clams, muscles, shrimps, octopus, squid  and the soup was flavorful Sweet and spicy wings: 6/10 the wings were a okay. Skin wasn't crunchy and sauce was boring
The Coop is a decent place.  It is pretty.  Sometimes it is very loud.  You can get wings and you can get a whole chicken. What you can not get is chicken fingers or cutlets. This was surprising and disappointing. One day, just maybe, they will fix this.  It can get crowded at times.  Some of the rest of the menu is interesting and worth a look.
I prefer this place over mad for chicken whose cloyingly sweet wings is nothing compared to THE COOP! I'm still thinking of last night and how to get more for today!
Great place to hangout with friends, I love their peach tea. The Parmesan fries are amazing with the spicy mayo. The hot wings are unbelievably spicy, I didn't really enjoy it because of that. I feel like all you taste is spice and there isn't much flavor to it.  Just the feeling of your mouth on fire. Before ordering a big portion like I did I suggest you try the 6 piece wings first. You may like it but there's also a chance you won't. Better to be safe than sorry, they are a bit pricey. Also the staff is kind, friendly and helpful. I love their decor. (especially the big lightbulbs). The place is very clean! I will be coming back to try their other wings and stuff on the menu. They also have lunch specials and happy hour deals, be sure to check that out and get the most bang for your buck.
DO NOT PAY BEFORE PICK UP! They will make you wait forever since they already got the money! BAD ATTITUDE  as well!
Come here for Happy Hour,Oyster $1 each n beer is half price.
Friendly staff...spicy chicken has a great kick to those who love it HOT! Ordered their Korean rice Liquor with a hint of lime-DELISH..it was good for sharing... Had their $1 oysters for happy hour and it was sweet with their kimchi rice and cheese rice and of course JapChae! Yummy!! It's small servings but good enough to share!
Food was good and it's a decent place to hang out with friends! My favorites dishes are oyster, half & half chicken wings and truffle French fries! Better make a reservation on peak hours!
Pros: -pleasant, hip environment to bring friends and groups up to four or six -Parmesan truffle fries were crispy and hot. Dipping sauce was creamy and had a hint of tomato taste. Two thumbs up! -both garlic wings and spicy wings were covered in saucy, fried goodness Cons:-seafood pancake was okay. Not worth the price -the service did not pass my standards- did not refill or check in after we were given our food
We don't like the chicken wings there! Too sweet and too hard! The drink during happy hour water down.........the oysters are small!
The environment was comfortable, leaning more towards younger generations. Staff was super friendly and patience. Most of the dishes we ordered was spicy but super good. Only thing is the orange juice, it felt like it was diluted. After we mentioned, the staff was more than happy to bring us a new and improved juice.
Not a good experience. Which sucks cause the menu seems pretty great for brunch. We waited about 40 minutes after placing our order only to find out they forgot about our order. The place wasn't really busy and the staff was just kinda hanging around. In fact, since we got there I saw 3 different staff members actually sit down and eat while we were waiting for our food. Yet we're sitting there waiting and wondering what's taking so long. When the food finally arrived it was ok. Nothing special. One dish was missing avocado, one of the main ingredients. The place seems unorganized and inexperienced. PS- don't sit towards the back, that's where the sink is...loudest dishwashing ever.
Very attentive services~The soju cocktail was good, food was good and the services very attentive.Can't complain much beside the near tables right be the near end entrance, it was pretty darn windy and cold every time someone enters or exits.
Food wise, I can only comment about the fries because the other orders never came.Apparently it's the customers fault that they don't know how to read food orders that were written out for them & EXPLAINED TO. Offered NO COMPENSATION after lying to us about how our order was coming.We waited for an hour, during which we asked several waiters about our order until one ACTUALLY went to the kitchen to check up on it & then told us there were no orders pending for us.They said we can reorder the chicken but we'd have to pay full price EVEN THOUGH WE ORDERED DURING HAPPY HOUR & WAITED ONE HOUR FOR OUR NON-EXISTENT FOOD. I honestly wonder what would have happened if we told him all of our orders verbally.Oh, & the fries were okay. Not worth the price though. The fries I got are the only reason why I'm okay with Yelp not allowing us to give 0 stars.
Came with wife and ordered their Korean fried chicken and some other small plates.  The food and atmosphere is pretty much like a Buffalo Wild Wings.
The spicy rice cake is so good!!! Don't be cheap, just add cheese !!!!! It comes in a huge pan and the melted cheese made this dish more extraordinary. Bulgogi was delicious too and the truffle Parmesan fries !!!! I was so satisfied with their dishes and literally stuffed myself until I couldn't move. If you're craving some Korean food, go for it!!
The wings are inconsistent and the other dishes are mediocre at best.I used to come here a lot with my boyfriend when this place first opened but I swear they must've changed their recipe or switched up cooks. The wings haven't been the same since a few months ago and the seafood pancake we would always order has gotten soggy and tasteless.On the up side, getting a seat here is always easy, even for large groups as there's lots of space. The service is also good as the waitstaff is very attentive.
Nice atmosphere.  Ordered fries and what I thought were supposed to be chicken wings (especially since I told the waiter I wanted chicken wings).  Got a week amount of fries and fried chicken mystery parts.  Just make sure you are totally set/clear with what you are looking to order.
Was hoping to find a better Korean place than mad for chicken and UFC but whomp whomp whomp. Soy garlic is very bland and spicy wasn't as spicy as they claimed it was. The corn and pickled radish was gross. The mango soju was good! Big portion to be shared with 3-4 people.
Not my first time here and it probably won't be my last. Items on menu are basically bar food. They now have a happy hour menu. Six wings during happy hour are 6$. Whereas a small order of 12 costs 14$. A slight saving. Beware that the chicken takes about 20 minutes. Most of the time the staff forgets to tell you.. Drinks can be pricey. A non Virginia drink can run you 10$.. Overall, it's a nice place, but the prices are slightly higher. The staff can be inattentive. So beware. Overall, the food is good. Service can be better.
The location is on the top floor of some sort of food complex. Their are two entrances to the location. One entrance is for Dine in while the other entrance is for takeout. I had the half and half chicken. The flavor were Soy Garlic and Spicy. The chicken was really good. It had a great crunch and flavor. I ordered the Sweet Potatoe fries and they were not good. They were very soggy. The saice for the fries was delicious though. All in all if I were in the area again and was in the mood for Korean fried chicken I would definitely give this restaurant consideration.
Love that there is a great KFC (Korean fried chicken) place in central Flushing. The Coop has that down and more! I've been here a few times and its an area different from the rest of the streets in Flushing with a more upscale feel so the prices are a bit higher. But its worth it. The KFC is really good and had crispy skin. They have the usual soy garlic and you can have the option to have half regular and half soy garlic. Where they excel at is the traditional Korean dishes such as japchae and the kimchi fried rice. Especially the kimchi fried rice because it such a comforting spice but the egg gives it a lovely creaminess because of the yolk. On the other hand, their fusion dishes such as the bulgolgi sliders and the bulgolgi quesadillas are hit and miss. Just combining food like that is interesting but the execution isn't just yet. The Coop caters to both the Korean and American crowd and the decor is no different. It's well-thought in its design with giant screen tvs for sports fanatics and a projector playing Kpop yet its modern with the wood. I'll keep coming back to this place because it's a welcome addition to Flushing and I'll happily eat that kimchi fried rice anytime. Happy eating and remember: Don't deny, satisfy!
Review is for happy hour **Korean fried chicken has been extremely popular with lots of new places opening and I can say Coop is definitely one of the better ones! Loved the open, spacious area and the cute interesting interior. Service was attentive and the happy hour menu was excellent. 4 dollar draft, dollar oysters, small order of spicy/ soy chicken wings for 6 dollars I think? Chicken was pretty small but still flavorful. Got the truffle fries and it the truffle taste was strong, just how I like it. Budaejjigae was delicious. I like this place better than mad for chicken or Pelicana cause it's not dark as night inside and can see my friends face while eating. Will be coming back!
Upbeat atmosphere. Staff is very friendly and courteous. Food takes awhile to arrive, but tastes good. I particularly like the kimchi fried rice and the seafood udon dish. Coworkers and I would stop by during happy hour or whenever we are done with work to relax here.
This was my first time here. I took my parents and sister here for an afternoon snack. Both the exterior and interior decoration are nice and the restaurant is very clean. The seatings are benches, which I think is unique and different from other restaurants around the area. I enjoyed the three dishes that we ordered. We ordered bulgogi quesadillas, soy garlic chicken wings and French fries. All three dishes are delicious. The fries are amazing especially with the cheese dip. The cheese dip had a slight spicy taste to it which made it that amazing. The soy garlic chicken wings are great as well. This is the first time that I ever tried bulgogi quesadillas and I have to say I will definitely be back for it again. After this quick visit, I am impressed with their food and will definitely be back in the near future. But I will definitely be coming back for dinner or lunch to enjoy more dishes. I had a minor problem with the beer but they were very apologetic and brought me another beer. Besides this little incident I am impressed with this restaurant.
My new favorite Korean spot as well.  Fast service.  Great KPop atmosphere.  Friendly service and quality food served much faster than "Mad for Chicken."  This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for the parking mayhem that is Main St., Flushing.
Ever since this place opened up, I've been wanting to come here and try because I've literally run out of restaurants in Flushing to try/eat in and everything was getting repetitive. I've had friends come here so I wanted to see if this place is good. My first thought that came into my head was that it was similar to Debasaki, since they offer wings. I've been here twice. The first time I came here with my boyfriend. We came during happy hour so the wings were cheap. We got the spicy wings, spicy seafood soup and the bulgogi cheese gratin. The wings were indeed spicy and good. The soup was mediocre. It lacked a strong flavor and the spice wasn't as spicy as I would have preferred. The bulgogi cheese gratin was smaller than I thought (the soup was also smaller than I thought). Basically, there was rice on the bottom, bulgogi on top and a thick layer of cheese on top of that. It was mediocre. I love cheese, but the layer of cheese was too thick. It wasn't as good as I hoped for it to be. I still prefer Debasaki's flavor for their wings + their stuffed wings galore. The second time I came here, I came with two friends. We ordered the truffle fries, half+half wings (soy garlic and spicy) and the budae jjigae. I personally love budae jjigae but when it came, I was disappointed. For the price, compared to Debasaki, Debasaki's portions were waaaaay bigger than The Coop's. The flavor at DBSK is better too. Towards the middle of the meal, the soup had nearly cooked off and at the end of the meal, there wasn't even any soup left. They need to give more soup and lower the heat. We were disappointed. The soy garlic wings were okay, as well as the truffle fries. Overall, my experience here at The Coop was mediocre and disappointing. If you're going to spend the money, go to Debasaki instead (even though they open later). The flavor there is better and portions are bigger. The prices are about the same at DBSK, so there really isn't any competition there.
I've been here a few times. Each time the food was pretty good.The Coop is a nice change to the downtown flushing area. There is plenty of tables but they are pretty squished together.Every time i have come here, i got the wings. Which is just like all the other korean style wings (bon chon, kyo chon, mad for chicken) style. The wings are not bad. However the real thing that sets The Coop apart is the variety of the dishes for the location. The bulgogi quesadillas, grilled chicken, truffle fries were all pretty good. The grilled chicken was pretty good too.The only downside i have to say is the service could be a little better. The times when i say in the middle, service was great because all the help was in the middle. The times I sat at the corners, the service wasn't that great. It was hard to ask for additional water and if we wanted more food.
More like 3.5 stars. Just a nice change in scenery in this busy section of the already bustling Flushing neighborhood. It's a fairly new addition, and being right near Asian Jewel made me want to party through the wee hours of the morning to get some dim sum on Sunday morning. There's no reservations available unless it's for a party of 5-10 ppl. We got there at around 7pm on Saturday. There were only a couple high top tables available which would comfortably seat 2 people each but it just looked so out of place. The only good thing about this place is that it's got a nicer vibe than most Korean bars - it actually has a full bar and the bartenders seem to know what they're doing, so long as you stay within the confines of their menu or simple things. I wouldn't expect a full blown mixologist here. The people who run this place are obviously fobby Koreans though - I called in advance asking about reservations and instantly knew the person was Korean. No surprise there - it is Flushing after all. The food menu wasn't all that impressive. Definitely looks better in pictures. We got wings and fries... both were fine but if you want good Korean fried chicken wings, this is NOT your place. This is a place to throw a small party or meet with a group of friends. Please change your music playlist - it was a rave in there. It's also closer to Thanksgiving - get rid of your Halloween decorations. I wouldn't mind trying their happy hour oysters, but I wouldn't make a trip out to Flushing for this place. You get a free drink upon checking into Yelp - the two bartenders were not in agreement with which ones on the menu are included. The lady bartender said that all are fine, the male bartender said only a select few. Eh? I chose the apple martini - that thing was WAY TOO SWEET with minimal alcohol. They also didn't have Tito's... not that it mattered so much but I went with goose after. Goose with a splash of cranberry is hard to f up, so I can't give them props for making a normal one. I also said splash - it had a ton of juice. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place unless the person who's asking is in the immediate area and/or staying at the Hyatt next door.
From the food, drinks, service -- sorry, I can't give anything more than 1 star.. I would give it 0 stars if Yelp would let me. Individual sized budae jjigae for $30? None of the food was worth what you pay. Go to Mad For Chicken on Northern or Pelicana on 164th Street for the real chicken & beer experience.
I absolutely love the coop as the to go to fried chicken place in flushing. The wings are always good and I love their kimchi fried rice. It's a perfect portion to share with someone else while getting the wings. I also love their cheese with ribs. It's so good and great for dipping for your wings in. The only complaint that I have is that their dubokki (pretty sure I spelt it wrong) isn't good. It's really lacking that cheese that they have at yupdukk. Their service is also very good! It seems to be a pregame spot later in the night during the weekends.
After going to a nearby place to find they didn't except credit cards I yelped an found this around the corner. Korean wings ummmm sure solid lunch. I got a small order of the garlic soy. This gets you about 12 wings. No problem. Really great flavor but a little heavy on the breaking for my taste. I would come back and add some cocktails to my wing top any time.
I love their chicken wings! Soy garlic is the perfect amount of sweetness added to the chicken. After eating one spicy wing, my tongue felt so numb. I couldn't taste another soy garlic wing after eating jut one. The spicy is not spicy itself but maybe it's hot. Great service here; waiters kept refilling our water, gave us tissues, and wet towels. Came around 11 and the waiters were drinking with some people. The music is too loud here with weird music videos of kpop. They took all forms of payment except DISCOVER so make sure you have another from of payment.
We were looking for Korean chicken wings and happened upon this place. The bar atmosphere inside is pretty comfortable. It's noisy but not overly so, it's not too dark but still comfortable, and it's spacious so you're not always bumping into people. There's a weird takeout area at the entrance away from the bar inside that I wasn't sure about (maybe it would've been nice since drinks weren't on our mind). In any case, the wings are quite good. The soy garlic ones are on the sweeter side, while the spicy ones are not overly so. Just enough breading for texture on the outside, while the meat was tender all around. Only thing to mention was that the small order of wings did take a while, but that's probably standard.
Made the mistake of not making a reservation for a party of 8 so we were stuck near the back entrance near the bathroom with two 4-person circular table awkwardly pushed together. Couldn't hear what people were saying on the other side of the table but I'll live. When it came to ordering, I ordered for my side of the table and the waiter just left without taking the other side's order (because remember, it's 2 round tables). Ordered half/half fried wings, truffle fries, budae Jjigae (spicy broth korean stew with ramen,kimchi, etc), and mango soju. Wings and fries were pretty good. I'd probably never order the stew again. Definitely not worth $29. I could've gone to mizumi with that.. anywho, soju was good. low key wished they gave a stirrer with the pitcher. Because after awhile we just ended up drinking pure soju in the beginning then pure mango juice at the end.
This place has an awesome bulgogi quesadilla that I highly recommend anyone try. During lunch it is $12, but afterwards it is $15. The wings were also great. The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice and upbeat with good music, but at a volume where it is still really easy to talk to other people. Prices were a little high, but not outrageous. Overall a great place to have dinner and catch up with friends.
The feel of this place is good, quiet and dim. It's also very clean and organized. However, it is indeed a bit pricey and the portions are not immense. The gratin with bulgogi and truffle fries are both pretty good. The chicken is good too but they are very small. But compared to other Korean fried chicken places, the chicken seems to come out a bit faster.
OVERRATED!i came by with my siblings on a Friday night, the place was busy and booming with k-pop music.  we sat at bench-like table near the door.  the place had a weird incense or air freshener throughout, made it felt like a home goods store instead of a restaurant.  the scent gave me a terrible headache. anyway, we browsed the menu and decided on a few items to share:-spicy rice cake:  lukewarm sauce with few pieces of fish cakes, rice cake, and instant ramen noodle (i highly suspect it's shin ramyun).  mediocre at best.-small order of wings (12 pieces, mixed with soy garlic and spicy):  the chicken was super crispy and crackly, soy garlic was excellent, spicy was spicy (and it LINGERS, not like the good kinda spicy).  we liked the wings, but then again, it'd be terribly hard to mess up fried chicken.  lol.-seafood pancake:  dry, bland, thick, and filled with long green chili peppers that packed a spicy punch, it definitely took me by surprise, i was a victim!  i came in with high hopes and definitely walked away very disappointed.  the food was mediocre but the worst part was the waitress.  she was rude and abrupt, with no warmth whatsoever.  she didn't check in on us at all, but she was very quick with clearing the plates (so quick that we didn't even get to try the korean radishes or corn salad on the wings right after we picked up the last piece of wing.)  when she cleared the plates, she didn't say excuse me and just went over my head, i was SO SCARED that she would drop the heavy, cast-iron plates on me.  hey The Coop, train your staff that it's NOT okay to clear plates over someone's head!  i won't be back!
It is a spacious and relaxing restaurant. It's dimmed lighting all over with candles on the tables. The service wasn't too bad but they could've been more attentive. The servers were just chit chatting. I came during happy hour. It wasn't even a full house yet service was lacking. The food was alright. I got the raw oyster, chicken wings, seafood pancake, truffle fries, and japchae. Raw oyster was pretty good. It was fresh, nice and cold on a bed of ice with me on and sauces on the side. The size of the oysters were good. Chicken wings were fried, crispy, and crunchy which was good. It smelled very appetizing. I got the soy and garlic flavor, but I tasted only a hint of that flavor.The seafood pancake was good. It actually had decent pieces of seafood in it. It had a crispy outside and the inside was as expect, soft and fluffy.The truffle fries was probably double fried. Although very crispy, it was really oily. The japchae wasn't as good. It was heavily oily and very bland. There wasn't enough seasoning in this dish.The drink I had was the mango mojito (without alcohol). This drink was pretty good. It was fizzy and refreshing. I liked this drink a lot.
You gotta try the Kimchi rice, half & half chicken & bulgogi quesadillas.  ide recommend any one of these.  I always come here for the chicken!
Went here on a recent visit to NYC, as a recommendation. The setting is pretty nice, but usually no phone service, and no wifi. The food was pretty decent, especially the chicken wings and noodles. However, was slightly grossed out that one of the orders was actually chicken organs and not actual chicken meat. Slightly overpriced for what you get.
I'm visiting from Atlanta and this place is walking distance from my hotel. Let me tell you these wings are the truth! I had the lunch special 6 wings and fries. The wing sauce flavor was half and half. I mean the wings were crispy and juicy. Food was made to order. Delicious! A must visit if you're nearby.
The coop rarely disappoints. My friend and I came here on a Friday night and it was packed. We got a seat on one of the high tables. Of course when we come we have to order the wings- we got half and half- and fries! We also got the kimchi fried rice and as for drinks we got the mango soju cocktail. Originally I wanted the grape flavor because last time I came, it was soooo good. Mango wasn't that bad either. The wings never disappoint. Just the right amount of crispiness and flavor. You can never go wrong with fries in my opinion. Def come back again and again. And unlike a lot of the Korean spots in flushing, the coop isn't located too far out so it's easy to get to too.
I was very excited to be able to come and try this place. Especially the fried gizzard. Unfortunately, it was not noted on their website their happy hour excludes holidays. They did not offer the fried gizzard but had the regular grill which I don't see a difference from the frying and the grill. The wings were good but nothing special. We had the cheese fondue with the sweet pumpkin. It really is just eating spoonful of cheese with bits of pumpkin. They should include some crostini to dip the cheese in making it a true fondue.
I like the pina corona .. Very juicy like, my best fit pina corona here comparing with other restaurant . Chicken wing comes with half spicy and half regular .. It's good, but no the best I have tried in different Korean restaurant. The waiter and waitress are very nice which is one of the reason I give 4 stars.. Oyster is fresh, I love it too .. My first time tried quesadillas ... Tasty, crispy outside and the sauce is great .. I would go back here since the environment is so nice for relax and enjoy ur food .. :)
I really wanted to love this place as I heard so much about it from my friends. Given its location and not having to go all the way to Northern Blvd for Mad for Chicken is a plus, but honestly I would make the trip out to Mad for Chicken instead. First off, the service isn't that great. We had a reservation for 9 people, but the hostess wasn't aware of this; that wasn't a big issue as the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived at 7 pm on a Saturday. After being seated, the menu for The Coop looks promising; we ordered a large plate of the combo soy garlic and spicy wings, a large plate of the soy garlic wings, parmesan truffle fries, sweet potato fries, seafood pancake, and the bulgogi quesadilla. For drinks, we all checked in for a free drink and we also ordered their popular lychee soju. We wanted to keep a menu in case we wanted to order more later on, but the waiter kept asking for it back; that was a bit odd. Given that the seafood pancake and the bulgogi quesadilla were $15 each, I expected a lot more flavor. However, the pancake was bland and had so much batter. It didn't come with the typical sauce that seafood pancakes come with! The bulgogi quesadilla was bland and barely had any bulgogi in it as well; it was basically eating a tortilla with cheese. The wings compared to Mad for Chicken lacked in flavor as well. For drinks, I only tried the lychee soju and wasn't a fan.If you're in the Flushing area, go to Mad for Chicken instead.
Came here last night with a group of ten after some KTV. It's a very clean and comfortable spot to hang with friends, watch sports, and have good music in the background. We stretched across a bench and ordered the sweet potato fries, bulgogi, and Kimchi fried rice. Of the three items, the fries and rice hit it home. Would definitely come back for the great service and good atmosphere.
A relatively new addition to Flushing, The Coop is a Korean gastropub specializing in Korean Fried Chicken. While this genre isn't new, they have an impressive new space in the new block development along 39th Ave which includes Spot Dessert Bar, a hotel, Presso and many more.  The food is remarkable in that the taste is every bit as good as others have attested to. I came here for happy hour drinks and food specifically and to try out the chicken for which they're known. Soy garlic and spicy were available on the HH menu, so we wasted no time to partake in that and imbibe on HH drinks. Definitely a great deal for the munchies, if you're interested in larger orders, it might be best to order from the regular menu for additional flavors and options. The pancakes, rice cakes are among the other items we snacked on and they were all satisfying.  Decor is appropriate for a Korean gastropub with adequate seating.  With large parties, seating can be difficult.  We occupied a large table that included bench seating and nowhere to place our jackets (bench seating does not have a backing to hang out coats). Service however was a little lacking, as they're a bit disorganized and while it wasn't a deal breaker, you might want to know it happens from time to time when they're busy 4.0/5.0
This is your MAD FOR CHICKEN in Flushing. BUT MFC is my fav compared to The Coop. Sorry I've been here 3 times over the course of the last 3 weeks, but I still prefer MFC over it. However, I went to MFC 0 times why? Because location of course. It's so easy to meet up with people in Flushing. And a lot of times when I meet up with friends they want something other than your every day asian food so this becomes a great spot for dinner. Not to mention they have a pretty good deal for happy hour. I forget prices but $4-5 for drafts and $5-6 for wines? And yes, they have $1 oysters. How sweet is that? Their fried chicken can't be compared to MFC in terms of flavor and its more greasy. BUT it's on par with Bon Chon or your other chain korean fried chickens. They also have your standard soy garlic flavor and spicy flavor. They have a lot of other dishes also that you can get like truffle fries, quesidillas, kimchi fried rice etc. Food wise, I still prefer MFC... but again the food here is also decent. Overall vibe is your typical korean fried chicken nice bar type kind of thing in your jam packed Prince Street Flushing area. Nice spot to take friends on dinner dates in Flushing and its a super close walk to Snowdays and Kulu for dessert. Anyway you look at it. It's a card well played if you're looking to take your friends out to a nice dinner in Flushing.
Food - 4 / 5Decor and Dining Environment - 5 / 5Service - 5 / 5Location - 5 / 5Value - 4 / 5The Coop is a great place to catch up with friends over some drinks, Soy Sauce Garlic wings, Bulgolgi Quesadillas, and Truffle Fries. Pork Belly (served with tofu) was also on my table.The food received a 4/5 because the overall taste of the dishes I had were comparable to those at similar restaurants like Mad for Chicken, but nothing was significantly better.The Decor and Dining Environment was very comfortable and a hint of rustic feel was present in some of the light fixtures. The tables are reminiscent of ones you would find at ShakeShack and the tiling work on one of the walls spelled out the name of the restaurant, which I found to be both original and beautiful. Service was prompt and courteous, we were greeted with many smiles throughout our meal. Location - the restaurant was a 5 minute walk from SkyView Center, where ample 3-hour parking was available. It is also situated within the newest development in Flushing, which is easily distinguishable through its modern look and upscale feel.Value - offerings at the Coop are priced steeper than dishes at Chinese, Thai, and Malaysian restaurants nearby, but compared to other Korean wings joints such as Mad for Chicken, Pelicana, and KyoChon, menu items seem to be priced accurately and provide a good value when considering the other four factors.The Coop is a great fast-casual dining experience geared towards the millenial crowd and is a place I see myself visiting again with a group of friends.
Food: average Korean chicken place I'd say 3.5/5But my review is mostly for the awful service we had tonight. First, the reservation we made online wasn't even honored because apparently their boss handles that but their boss didn't tell them. Okay then maybe don't do online reservations if you don't even acknowledge them?Second- our waiter (Korean man with long hair) just seemed disinterested the whole night and whenever we needed something we had to holler him down or holler other staff. Third- A girl that brought out our chicken hit my friend in the head with the plate. The last and worst thing that happened was towards the end of the meal. We had bought my boyfriend dessert so we asked if they could bring it out because it's our friends birthday. We told them we gave it to the front and that it says Frenchworkshop on the box. Our waiter said okay and left. So we got the bill and they cleared our tables and everything but they weren't bringing our dessert. So I pretended to go to the bathroom and I told ANOTHER waiter and THEN he brought it to me. I opened it up and it was fucking FLIPPED! He handed me the box upside down and when I looked inside I couldn't even tell what dessert it was because it was smushed. So appalled at the lack of care they handled our dessert.Tldr: okay food but service was super shitty and they brought out the dessert we had bought upside down and smushed
I. LOVE. THE. COOP.Seriously, I checked this place out earlier this month and I cannot tell you how many times I've been back! The service here is friendly and (from what I have experienced) the food comes out pretty quickly. The ambiance is quite lively - usually packed in the evenings. They have a giant projector playing random kpop videos, which can be pretty entertaining. In my opinion, the best part about this place is the variety. You should definitely try their chicken - not the best but still a strong contender. (The spicy version actually has a nice kick!) My favorites though are the gratin, truffle fries, and bulgogi quesadilla. Truffle fries come in a big portion and are perfect for sharing. The gratin is SO so delicious and creamy - I can order this every time! The quesadilla is wonderful as well - I tried it recently and really enjoyed it. Also, they have OYSTERS!!! Definitely come during happy hour on weekdays from 3-6 and treat yo self to dollar oysters :)Super convenient spot - just two blocks from the 7! There have been many occasions where I've craved Korean fried chicken and had to trek to over to northern Blvd :( This is definitely an easier location to get my fix! Great place to hangout over some good food and a chill vibe :)
Came here with some friends for some classic korean fried chicken. The chicken was so crispy and juicy cooked to perfection and my favorite sauce was the soy and garlic. The spicy mix was not very spicy to me although one of my friends insisted it was very spicy but the rest of us disagreed. The rest of the meal was a bit underwhelming. We started with korean seafood pancake as an appetizer and it tasted a bit bland and more on the watery side. The parmesan fries was good but nothing particularly great, I prefer fries to be more on the crispy side not to say these fries were limp either. The dukbokki wasn't spicy and tasted a bit undercooked, not very soft. I got the melony drink which was sweet and didn't taste too strong but my  friend got the same drink and said that hers was a lot stronger and couldn't finish it. My other friend got the mojito whish was also strong but delicious. The waitstaff was very attentive and always available for help. The place looks very modern and spacious with plenty of seating. Although the fried chicken was very good and the place is aesthetically pleasing I probably wouldn't come back here.
For my past 3 visits here, I just had the Bulgogi Quesadilla and small order of their Coop Wings, half and half. And they never ever disappointed! It's the perfect portion for two people two share a late night grub. Their Bulgogi is out of this world phenomenal, not a fan of the salad that comes with it though... And their wings are crisp and flavorful. The spicy ones are just too much for me to handle so I stick to my half of the soy-garlic. Note: their chicken takes a while to serve, I waited about 17 minutes for my order.The staff really needs to up their water-refilling game though. I had to ask for water refills during my last two visits. And given the spicy wings.. c'mon, just pass me a pitcher please.
I was at this place tonight with a group of friends. We ordered wings, japchae , kimchi fried rice and gratin. The waitress gave us a bottle of water but never came back to refill our cups. We had to constantly wave to get their attention. And let's not forget the highlight of the night. My kimchi fried rice had HAIR in it; which they took back and brought back . The portion now looked smaller like wtf!
I used to go to Mad for Chicken until this one opened around my neighborhood. My to-go place when I'm craving for soy garlic chicken wings! Make sure to order the wings right away because it takes time to cook!
My girlfriends and I were here last night for dinner. And at first I had to use my GPS to search for this spot but it's not hard to find at all. It's actually located across from 66 on Prince street and it's attached to the Hyatt hotel. Speaking of the hotel, there's a lot of cool places inside it. I will visit it next time. All the food we ordered tasted phenomenal. The chef really made it well and our server was friendly and attentive too. I highly recommend getting the Pork Belly. It's that good that I can't stop eating it. My eyes were glued to the belly as my friends were chit chatting. What we got:Bulgogi quesadilla- Pretty tasty. Permesan truffle fries- fried to perfection and the dip was delicious!!Japchae-  Got a lot of flavors and it was so damn good. Oysters-  fresh and well it's oyster.Korean fried chicken-  crunchy and well flavored!
Had an early dinner one late afternoon about a month ago with the boyfriend. We ordered soy garlic wings, budae jjigae, bulgogi quesadilla, and parmesan truffle fries. The food was tasty (we ordered too much haha) but wayyy too fried, especially the wings. All in all, the flavor was there, nice texture, and decent service. Definitely want to go back and try other items on the menu.
Came here for the first time since my friends from Florida had flown in. We got there around 11pm so parking in the small muni parking lot was very convenient, especially since you don't have to pay after 10 pm. Venue was nice and dimly lit. There's a surplus of tables to fit different size parties and a bar in the back. We were the only group there actually eating with a few guys sitting at the bar conversing over their drinks. Service was very good. Was greeted and welcomes to the place. The waiter asked if we wanted hot water instead of your normal iced water since it was like 15 degrees outside. So that was surprising, but very much appreciated. Since it was my first time there as well we ordered what my other friends had recommended us. Bulgogi Quesadilla is a must. Was very delicious and a great starting appetizer. We also ordered the truffle fries and a large order of their soy garlic chicken. Truffle fries were good and crispy, but to me it wasn't out of this world. But good nonetheless. Their chicken was crisp and good as well. Not amazing, but still good and my Floridian friends enjoyed it very much. Overall it's a very nice restaurant, with great service from what we've experienced and a kickass Bulgogi Quesadilla.
I don't how it happens, but I always end up here drunk. It's the best time. Food is great. Angela and Jacob are the best. Jacob taught us how to measure the proportion between soju and beer. They let us request kpop songs. I LUV IT!
I've been here three times now and I honestly think I enjoy the atmosphere more than I enjoy the food, but their food is good! I normally get their truffle fries, which I LOVE, and their Coop style fried chicken. However, I don't think there's anything TOO special about the food because I can get Korean-style fried chicken and truffle fries in a number of places, and the fried chicken is bigger and a little more "authentic" tasting in other places. I'm never dying to come back here, but I'd come back again.I did notice, however, that I would get a totally different attitude from one of the waitresses depending on whether I spoke in Korean or in English. That turned me off a little bit but it wasn't too big of a deal since it was probably a language barrier issue; you don't really have much interaction with the waitresses anyway--they just bring the food out.TLDR; Good food. Nice ambiance. Good enough for a dinner on a Friday night out in Flushing.
Immediately as you walk in, the waiters greet you with the korean "hello!". They make you feel welcomed and really try to make you feel comfortable and at home. This trendy new place resembles many new korean restaurants that have been popping up around queens and I'm glad that this also popped up. You have to get their wings! The spicy is pretty spicy so watch out! The soy garlic is really good also. I also recommend the quesadillas. (It's sooo good) Come here with your friends and really have a great time basking in the atmosphere and the efficient service.
Happy there is a korean fried chicken place in the flushing area however i was a bit disappointed in the chicken wings. The soy garlic chicken wings were a bit too salty and batter-y for my liking, it was a bit too hard to enjoy since the batter was a bit overwhelming and there didnt seem to be much chicken meat  inside! However, the truffle fries were great! We were not expecting such a huge platter of fries and overall they were super tastey so no one can complain.I have also heard good things about the dollar oyster happy hour so probably will come back sometime to try other things on the menu.
Really nothing special about this place. Sure the truffle fries are good and the wings are tasty  but nothing really stands out. I've had their seafood soup and budae jiggae, which is served family style and I was not impressed with either. I've had budae jiggae before and this was not horrible but it was lacking some favor. The drinks are about average. And their pitchers of flavored soju is no longer a slushie. I was really looking forward to the soju slushie but the last two times I've been here they just serve it with ice cubes.Their servers are nice and attentive but I had this female server once and we asked for water. So she just took the one from the table behind us that just finished dining and brought it to our table. I was soo disgusted and couldn't believe she just did that. Again another good hangout spot on flushing but don't expect too much.
Love it .. ordered from here for pick up .. the chicken was great! (Soy garlic coop) yummy ! Have to try their happy hours (‾  ‾) next time.
I like how this place is always opened late. Great for late night. Chicken is good but so are their side orders
More around a 3.5. They're super close to the train which is definitely a great plus, but could be a minus if you're looking to come here during a busy time. I came on a Tuesday with no issues, but I can't imagine what the weekend would be like. 4 of us ordered 40 wings, parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadillas and the budae jigae. While everything was good, nothing was amazing. The biggest disappointment was the budae jigae. For a $30 price tag, you'd expect something more, but the portion was pretty small, the soup itself was just a soup and not thick like a sauce and they really didn't have enough food in it. When compared to Mad for Chicken, I have to say, my vote goes to Mad for Chicken. The chicken is bigger there, the portions are much bigger and the food just all around is good. We waited a pretty long time for our chicken and while I know it normally takes a long time, the food in general just took a while to come. They were on point with filling our glasses of water and the overall look and feel of this place is so hip and cool, but for the price and the food you're getting, I'd stick with Mad for Chicken.
This new Korean fusion restaurant has a really hip and modern interior. The interior design is really great for a flushing location! The restaurant itself is really clean, they offer everything from chicken wings to a bulgogi quesadilla.When I came here, the staff was really helpful, kind and just seemed very genuine. I ordered a large order of chicken wings which were very flavorful. Their chicken is hormone free which is a plus. The only downside I found to the wings was that they were smaller in size to what I'm used to. They also have a HUGE variety of choices when it comes to alcohol. I had a watermelon piña colada, which I thought was just average as it seemed to not have much of the watermelon taste. It just tastes like a regular piña colada to me. I also had an oyster shot. I LOVE oyster shots and find it so hard to find a place that sells them. So when I saw that they had it, I was full of excitement like a baby getting a pacifier for the first time. The oyster shot itself was not the best I've had but it was good in my opinion and will most probably have it again.Final verdict :Ambiance - 10/10Food - 8/10Drinks - 9/10Service - 10/10
I wasn't a fan, although I would come back for the soy garlic wings (and that's it). Service is great, but the other food is mediocre.  We tried the truffle fries, they were fresh and hot, came with ketchup and a spicy mayo dipping sauce. A tad pricy for $10.  Also tried a creamy noodle dish.  Good décor, good location but the food seemed average.
Superb service, the waitress was very friendly and coordinated, when you come in, ask for sabrina! We ordered the new summer combo that come with a pitcher or cocktail soju(your choice) and the buddae jiggae which is a korean soup. And the wings. The spicy wings are very spicy, so be careful! It was very delicious, will definitely come again.
It's pretty much what I've come to expect from Korean chicken wing bars. Great food, excellent drinks, efficient service, a dark space, and a social atmosphere. I recommend their signature wings, they're nice and crunchy. One thing they've got over other similar places is the size of their soju cocktails. I've had the kind brought in mason jars, but the largest size they have here is larger by a pretty good margin. It's a great atmosphere in this place, I definitely recommend it for a small get-together.
Decent korean chicken spot that opened right under hyatt. I've been here multiple times and each time i've had a different experience. The service is always great but their food is so-so. Most of the korean restaurants in flushing are about the same price so I wasn't expecting anything less. Their chicken isn't crispy enough but their truffle fries are delicious! If they're specializing in korean fried chicken wings, they can really work on making them crispier as well as tastier.
This place is really nice and warming the decor is nice me and my girlfriend sat at the bar the happy hour on the tap beer is great 3 dollars for my IPA what a deal the spicy wing were great and the sauce for the fries was good too overall I'll be back here for sure looks like a good menu
Came here with a group of 4 on a Friday evening. We ordered the half and half chicken wings, spicy rice cakes, truffle parmesan fries, and lychee soju. The chicken wings was flavorful and crispy. Rice cake was good. Lychee soju was good but wasn't strong enough. Fries was the highlight of the dinner, very crispy and came in a big portion. We'll definitely come back again and try other dishes.
I came here twice. Once when they just open and once recently. The ambiance of the place is very modern and clean and they offer a variety of korean like bar food which i love. Their truffles fries are great and the chicken wings are pretty good too. Its a great place to hang out with friends and catch up over happy house drinks and food!
My friend and I ordered yogurt soju, egg spring roll, truffle fries and small wings. The food was good and really hit the spot. The yogurt soju didn't taste very strong. The staff were attentive by coming over to fill our water, providing napkins and clearing our table. They were friendly and even helped charge my iphone because it almost died. Would definitely come back!
First Korean fried chicken joint in Main St. Flushing! There are plenty on Northern Blvd Flushing. But one that is so close to the heart of Flushing and near a subway station this is a winner!They have two entrances. One entrance is on the ground floor which is actually the back of the building and also where you can order for takeout. The main entrance is on the other side up one stair case. Oh don't worry they are both connected so either way there will be someone that can help you get seated if you wish to eat in. The décor is wonderful! It looks like it is upscale, modern, clean, fresh, and it feels comfortable. There are two TVs near the bar and one projector on the ceiling projecting a Korean Drama on the wall (no sounds just video). Oh the person seating you will welcome you in Korean and then rest of the staff will also scream welcome to you too just like in Japanese restaurants! Makes me feel very welcomed, comfortable and happy.My group quickly order because we already know what to get since we had experiences from Mad for Chicken. We ordered half and half large (20 pieces) of chicken, truffle parm fries, and seafood jeon (pancake). They don't provide those Korean side dishes for you to nibble on while waiting. The wait was about 30 mins and the first that came out was the seafood pancake. It was a size of a small skillet. Our waitress cut it up into four pieces. Each pieces had big pieces of seafood. They have this jalapeno, onion, and soy sauce (?) dip that comes with it too. It was delicious! Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The pancake was so filled with food that it fell apart as I tried to get it off the skillet and onto my plate lol Then comes our fries. They were freshly made because they were hot inside and out. I could taste the truffle oil. The parmesan was mostly on the center fries. It came with a small cup of ketchup and some kind of spicy dip. The portion was so huge! One order feed three-four people at most. eventually we ran out of dip so we had to ask for more (no charge). The fries were really really delicious. I had to stop myself otherwise there won't be any fries by the time the chicken comes out.At last our wings came. The spicy wings were really spicy for my taste. The spice hits you on the tongue and slowly creeps its way to the back of your throat. I couldn't handle it. I ate mostly the soy garlic wings. Those were sweet and tangy. I loved it. The wings were adorably tiny. But don't under estimate their size because after four I was FULL!!!!! I forgot to mention in the center of the bowl they had small cut up pieces of pickle radishes and creamy corn. Those will help as you go back and forth between spicy and sweet. As for my case I kept eating the soy garlic so I used the radish and corn to alternative between each soy garlic wings.Overall with the atmosphere and the waiter and waitress were on top of re-filling water and soda and food I really really want this restaurant to stay! Oh I forgot if you ask for water they give you lemon and lime infuse water in a pitcher. Like talk about fancy water! I will definitely come back because finally a Korean fried chicken joint in Main St. As a plus it's one block from skyview mall. What a great way to walk off that chicken with a little bit of shopping lol
Great food, great drinks, great service. The atmosphere is perfect for a get together over a few drinks and you can't beat their fusion cuisine. This is definitely my go-to-place in flushing.
Relaxing atmosphere. Modern looking bar   Great place to hang out and have a snack or two with friends.  Try the chicken wings!   Service is good.  Attentive    Clean and well kept place.
I love any place that has spicy stir fried chicken gizzards, decent beer on tap and convenient to me. The coop is all that and more
This is a five star place for cold beer and chicken wings, best at happy hour and mid-week evenings, too loud and too busy at peak times.  The food offerings from the Menu range from competent to pretty good but cannot be called outstanding.  That wouldn't be the point in an attractive room with a good ambiance for socializing with friends, which is the point in this kind of place.
One of the best fried chicken places I have had so far and it's not on Northern Blvd. It's easily accessible in Flushing by train :D! Awesomesauce! I came here on a Thursday night and thankfully there was no wait considering my friend said it's pretty busy all the time. We ordered 20 pieces of soy garlic wings, kimchee fried rice, and the seafood pancake. The soy garlic wings were just simply delicious. It was very flavorful, crunchy and meaty. The kimchee fried rice was also yummy. There were two sunny-side up eggs and seaweeds that made a face, which is pretty unique. The seafood pancake was stuffed with fillings. My friend tried to pick up a slice and a lot of excess fell off. The server helps you cut the pancake into 8 pieces when it's served. The services were great also besides the fact that it took a while to wave down a worker to take down our order and get our check. The workers would come over and refill our cup every time it's half emptied. When our chicken wings came, my friends and I realized there weren't 20 pieces and notified one of the workers. The worker simply apologized, although she looked confused herself, and went back into the kitchen to get us the rest of our wings. I had a great experience overall and I will definitely come back to try other things on the menu!
The Coop has been open for a couple of months now. When I take a trip to visit my family and friends, this is ALWAYS the spot that i have to eat at before I go back to Northeastern! I absolutely LOVE the $1 Oysters during happy hour on the weekdays. Before this spot, I would always have to travel to the city to get my oyster fix. But ever since this restaurant, it has made life so much more convenient (especially after already traveling 4 hours from boston to queens, i really don't want to take more public transportation to get to the city) these oysters are definitely one of the freshest oysters i've ever had. One of the dishes that has been part of my "regular" order when I eat here is definitely the bulgogi quesadilla. I honestly don't know what they put in it, but it's definitely addicting! Other dishes that i've had: truffle fries, mozarella fondue, bulgogi gratin, the seafood soup, kimchi fried rice are all very delicious. The atmosphere of this restaurant is great, it's definitely for the younger crowd. The restaurant is very modern and when you enter the restaurant, everyone gives you a warm welcome :) If you're in the mood for some amazing korean food, definitely give this place a try!
Really liked it here! This place is in this cute area surrounded by other restaurants. It's like this corner that leads to a strip of food places. It's new and has a modern vibe. I got the Nurungji tang ($29) with rice and shared it with a friend. It was just the right amount of food! The waiters and waitresses are very nice and attentive. I have also heard their fried chicken and happy hour are really good as well! Will definitely try next time :)
Came here for a friend's bday. Had a rsvp for a table but the table was so small. We all felt cramped. Kind of unhappy abt that cos if they kno they cant fit that many ppl on one table they shoulda told us and we woulda picked another place..Anyways, food was on mediocre. I tried the spicy sticky ricecake, spicy fried chicken, scallion pancake and steak. The spicy sticky ricecake dish was overpowered by sauce. It was served w some ramen. Steak was cut into medium pcs, but utensils given were only spread knife spoon and chopsticks..Their flavored sojus were better. Tried the mango and yogurt flavor. It seemed like they were tryna turn the spot into a party after. We were kind of rushed by the waitress cos they were startin to set up.This place just didnt make much of an impression for me.
Hubs and I ventured out for Sunday dinner and decided to try this new place in Flushing. The decor and atmosphere is great, very innovative, especially for Flushing. It looks like something you would find in TriBeCa. The service is great, which is the norm for a Korean establishment. I wish all restaurants had the Korean gold standard for service. Makes the experience 1000x more enjoyable. They also have a fully stocked bar with a knowledgeable bartender and several TVs so it would be a good spot for late night drinks.We ordered a pitcher of cucumber soju, spicy chicken wings, kalbi and stir fried octopus with pork. No lie, everything was delicious. The chicken wings and octopus/pork were spicy but that just meant deliciousness in my mouth. It's spicy but with lots of flavor, not just blinding heat. My husband, on the other hand, was gulping down the cucumber soju. So order spicy if you can handle spicy. I actually like their wings better than Kyochon and Mad for Chicken. The kalbi dish came on a sizzling platter with onions, peppers, mushrooms, and mashed potatoes. This was prob our fave dish of the night because we were craving meat and this hit the spot. Beware that this place is not dirt cheap, compared to the rest of Flushing but you really do pay for what you get. It's a cool place with awesome service and good food. I would definitely come back and suggest this place to groups of friends that want to catch up with drinks and food.
Im starting to think its really interesting that so many korean style chicken places are opening up. Walking around Flushing the other day I was handed a flyer for this place since they were having their grand opening and were trying to draw in people just walking on the street.  It was actually kind of funny because after getting the flyer and walking away a lady came up running after me and my friend to hand us a sample of their chicken to try.  Me and my friend walking around actually went to a place nearby for some small plates and bubble tea before coming back so keep in mind we were already  80% full but I still wanted to take a look at this place since it seemed to market itself different than bonchon and kyochon. The menu is pretty interesting.  They are going for that korean fusion style so mixing korean with american with mexican... I get when places open they like to have all of their staff there to have a good first night and get a idea of how things are going to run and who should stand where and all that good stuff but wow. Ive never been so attended to in my life! I felt that every fifteen min. or maybe even less one of the rotating four people that came to our table kept asking if we needed anything else or how it was or what we thought.  Im not going to really complain about that since thats just a thing new restaurants need to face and realize that asking me every ten min isnt really going to change and if I really need something ill probably flag someone down for it. Other than that everyone is super friendly, we had the pleasure of meeting the owners husband who was there to help oversee the opening of the restaurant for the night.  He was really enthused about the opening and really takes pride in the food he has created so its great to see that passion in a new restaurant.  What sets this place part from the other random chicken places is the way they make their chicken.  They have the fried version which can come spicy or with the soy garlic.  Then they have a grilled version that they bring to your table almost as a whole organic chicken then they cut it up into good sized pieces for you to share with your friends or by yourself lol Super tender and super moist yet still had that yummy crispy later on the top.  Because of the super nice owner we got to try full plates of both chickens and compare.  Honestly after having so many other variations on korean fried chicken I like the grilled better! Not to mention its probably a littttle bit better for you. My small beefs with the place are as followed -the flyer they were handing out (on friday) advertises that they have 'happy hour 4-7'  only to be told because it was the weekend they dont have a happy hour at all.  When you're handing out a flyer on the first day of your restaurant...dont you want all the information on the flyer to be relevant? The happy hour deal was actually the deciding factor for me and my friend to take a step in the first place. Sigh. Oh well misleading advertising .-Prices are up there with manhattan.  Soju runs $15 a bottle and beers run $5-9 mostly.  The platter of grilled chicken was $18 small/ $24 large.  Random apps from jun to tangs are all $20-$35 a plate.  -As we were getting ready to leave the waitress just took our not finished plate of both chickens and didnt even ask us if we wanted to take it with us...there was a sizeable amount left!! She just took it away...along with my last shot of soju I poured myself to drink before we left but she took that away too....a little rude... Im sure that with time and experience this place will take off in flushing .  Their place is a little off the main drag but its a great place to come with either one friend or five.  The atmosphere is open and modern.  Enough space between tables to not feel overcrowded and still enjoy your night. Give it a try and pretend your back in seoul having a great chi-meck night.
Great sports bar feel with yummy chicken in a bunch of different ways.
The coop is really great wings and friendly staff. Its located in the mall so very convenient. A great place to watch some basketball games
Came with 3 other friends for dinner on a Wednesday and there were plenty of seats - not that it was empty by any means.We ordered a bulgogi quesadilla, parmesan truffle fries, and a large order of soy garlic wings (20 pieces). We basically ordered what other yelpers seemed to recommended - and these yelpers know what they're talking about.The bulgogi quesadilla was really simple but tasted great. The marinade/spices that go into the bulgogi is definitely something different than I'm used to when it comes to bulgogi. There were 6 pieces in total so we each had one and split the other two pieces in half. We asked for a knife, but strangely they said they don't have any knives. The fries were so perfectly crispy. I love fries like these (think popeyes fries texture). And it came with ketchup and a good spicy mayo that tasted a bit different from the usual kewpie/sriracha combo I'm used to tasting. And lastly, the wings were great. Not as crispy on the outside as I'm used to but the glaze was great. The soy garlic was a different flavor than the soy garlic flavor mad for chicken / debasaki / bonchon / etc usually carries. It's sweeter and has a little bit more of an asian-fusion kick. I still thought they were good.The food comes out faster than at Mad for Chicken - they take at least half an hour til their chicken comes out.Happy hour ended at 7 and they kindly reminded us 5 minutes beforehand if we wanted to order anything for cheap. The servers are attentive because all servers seem to attend to all tables rather than having one person in charge of a table.It was interesting to see Korean dramas projected onto the wall and sports playing by the bar. I'm not sure if other people enjoy it as much. They also play only KPOP in the background (which I dig). I want to try the other dishes that haven't been yelped about as much next time. It's in a super convenient location by the new Hyatt Hotel so I'll be back!
The food here is not that great compare to other Korean fried chicken places (mad for chicken, Debasaki, UFC) They have happy hour, but it's not a good deal at all (6 wings for $7)... Regular is 12 wings for $14.. So basically u get to order a smaller portion... The service was okay, but the food was not worth the price. We got:- half soy garlic half spicy wings: taste not bad, just not crunchy like other places- bulgogi quesadilla with fries: average quesadilla, but the fries were good.. - seafood pancake: would not recommend, taste plain without sauce and it completely fell apart when I picked it up- spicy rice cake: just don't...
The food is great. This review gets 2 stars for the service. I always enjoyed coming to this bar since the days when Han and Minh worked here. This past Thursday I visited again after the Mets game and I have to say the new guy at the bar needs some training. The guy barely acknowledged my fiancé when we were trying to order and gave my friends beer in plastic cups. Maybe he was having a bad day, and hopefully the service gets better. The other guy with the glasses brought my wings out (which are so good btw) and he was very attentive. Now that guy gave us all service with a smile.
I love this place for the food and environment. Most of the time we get friendly services. But when we came with a large group of friends and sit at the bar on Wednesday night, the bartender gave us this attitude made us feel like we shouldn't order anything more cuz it's causing him trouble. That's why they r getting a 4 star
Really good wings, good vibes, amazing waitstaff. This is probably the cool hangout place that everyone has been waiting for. I'm sure everyone has had their fill of pool tables and food courts in flushing! Been there twice, and would come back again!
Great happy hour deals of one dollar oysters, draft beer, wine and cocktails. We ordered the soy garlic and the spicy wings and they were just OK. Definitely not as good as mad for chicken. The oysters were very fresh and good. The sweet potato fries were good as well Good ambiance. Service was decent. Overall, a good place to come for some drinks and munch.
We were looking for a place to have a drink for my co-workers birthday in the Flushing area and came across The Coop. We had some drinks, a couple of beers and a few appetizers. Boy were we surprised!! Excellent chicken wings, bulgogi quesadilla and sweet fries.
All I can say is WOW! Their chicken wings are cooked perfectly with the perfect amount of spiciness. The bulgogi quesadilla is also a must try and will keep you coming back for more.  Will definitely be back soon!
When I think of Parmesan truffle fries, I think of thin, light and crispy, flavorful and aromatic fries that's why the Parmesan truffle fries from here were a little disappointing. If you like crispy fries don't order these because most of them will be way too soggy. On the positive side the quantity was very large which is a huge plus!The spicy wings are very spicy, I usually like buffalo style wings and can eat a half dozen no problem but these have a spicier after kick. Favorite things to order:Soy garlic wingsBulgogi slider with fries
The chicken was good, no need to order from bonchon anymore (especially with their new price hike). Cute place to dine, came in for lunch with a friend. Also the soju - gooooooood. Budae jigae was OK I didn't care for it but my friend really enjoyed it. Sweet potato fries were really good too! I would come back, so glad it's close by.
The new Fulton Square is really opening up new trendy restaurants and cafés, fueling up my anticipation for the COOP bar. The COOP is suppose to be a trendy Korean fried chicken joint with cocktails. While the place is trendy, I found the space a bit lacking. We were relocated due to a reservation that they haven't set aside earlier and their tables were a bit too small to accommodate our order. (There were more spacious tables at the bar area, which didn't make sense since you would only just drink in at the bar).- Chicken wings (Half & Half) - The spicy was lacking in flavor and the soy garlic wasn't too sweet.- Haemool Pajun - Fresh seafood. Maybe a bit too fresh since I bit into a shell. Yikes.- Bulgogi gratin - Best dish here! Creamy and savory, a perfect mix.
It's just great to have such a place opening after midnight in flushing. It saved my stomach when I starve for chicken wing. I love their chicken wing, crispy,perfectly fried and covered with sauce. I also recommended to try their bulgogi quesadilla which I think was nice.The vibe there was good and casual. It's perfect to hang out with friends. They have full bar and TV as well. Service was good but space to improve. For my own good, I don't like to drink others drinks else than water after midnight, so I was expected them to fill my glass after I finished but seems like they only focusing on the alcohol bottle rather than the tiny little cup. Anyhow, great job for having it in flushing.
I came here for a friend's birthday and the first thing that I would say is that if you plan on driving, anticipate a struggle to find parking, as it is in a very populated part of Flushing and it definitely can take a while before you find a spot. That being said, the place itself is very spacious and there is definitely a sports bar-vibe. There are tables for dining, a bar, and a large screen projection of sports games in the middle of the restaurant. The waiter that served us was friendly (though he wasn't great at English, it was definitely functional). They offer a variety of bar food with a bit of a Korean spin on them (chicken, fries, oysters, bulgogi quesadilla, Korean-style pancakes etc.) They also offer a variety of alcoholic beverages (beer, soju, makguli, mixed drinks.) I tried the strawberry makguli and found it to be very good, though slightly too sweet for my taste. The food was all very good and I really have nothing bad to say about any of the stuff we tried and for the price, it was all reasonable.If you're looking to go out and have a night out with friends and are in the area, I would definitely recommend trying this place.
I've been to it literally all the Korean fried chicken spots in Flushing and Manhattan and this one takes the cake. Why you ask? That happy hour includes oysters and drinks. The Soju lychee was bomb and the oysters were great. The chicken is perfectly crispy with a hint of sweet and saltiness if you order the soy garlic. The hot wings aren't the kind that you will regret the following morning. The bulgogi quesadilla was on point and so was the parmesan fries.  All in all, it was worth it. The only downside is that you have to argue with people who can't park in the public lot so my advice is to park it in the big lot and walk yourself over.
So trying to open the door a gentleman rushes to open it for us I was really pleased but he really didn't have to. Then I go inside and there's no waiter in sight to seat us. We only see the bartender and of course we don't expect her to come out and seat us so we just walk around for a bit trying to decide if we should sit here or not.. (I didn't wanna sit down and be ignored because they didn't know we were there or something) so finally someone sees us and I ask him for a table and he directs us to this awkward bench meant for two people, although it's cute to sit side by side with my boyfriend I prefer sitting across from him and the seat just made us both uncomfortable for the first couple of minutes. A few minutes later we're handed menus, we decided quickly and were trying to get the attention of someone to take our order, some time had passed and still we struggled to simply place an order. We ordered half crispy chicken and mozzarella sticks, both really good. I enjoyed the food here, asked for some hot sauce the waiter also gave us some spicy mayo which I thought was nice of him. The seats and service aren't the best but if you can overlook all that this place has good food.
Truffle fries - love it and generous portion!Sweet potato fries - tried it, it's okay, will pass on it next timeBulgogi quesadilla - love it; add the sour cream on it!Soy garlic chicken wings - it's alright; it seemed very typicalAtmosphere - very modern, hip and a great place to hangout with friendsPeach Soju - strong!
Came here for drinks and small bites and I loved their menu. If I could I would've ordered one of everything but settled for some Korean fried chicken and seafood pancake. The fried chicken was just delicious, perfectly spicy for spicy food lovers and warning for those that can't handle spicy food. They have a drink with a Popsicle which is pretty good, very sweet. Definitely returning to try the rest of their menu!
I've been here three times, and the first two times would have been a solid four stars but after my third experience, I'm sorry Coop, but I'm going to have to bump you down a star. Perhaps it's the time that I went-- since the first two times I went on a quiet afternoon, but third time decided to come on a Saturday night where they had a fairly full house.. but I was still seated right away which was nice.Unfortunately, they seated us right in front of a huge party where there was this lady who kept having to go in and out and while getting in and out of her seat she would always (accidentally) push part of our table. This wasn't as big of a deal to me as the annoying waiter who kept pestering us to order. I mean, I get it. You want us in and you want us out, but we're dining in and I haven't even had my menu for five minutes. The first time that I told you "no.. we aren't ready yet, sorry" it does NOT mean come again two minutes later to ask again!! Their reasoning was because if we ordered chicken, it would take approximately 20 minutes to 30 minutes to make. I didn't really mind waiting, it's not like they bring out the food altogether anyway.. Plus, I've never had a waiter come off as strongly as this one the other two times I was here. Oh-- and another thing to add about this experience, I came at 10PM.. not 1AM when they're about to close!The food is consistent to what I remember it being. The wings are fresh and seasoned well. Although the spicy wings are kind of weird to me because they do have a tingling on your tongue but don't taste spicy. Their soy wings are okay, I like MFC better. Their truffle fries are okay, I like the chipotle sauce it comes with. The Kimchi Fried rice was a disappointment though, even though it's well presented and comes in a large portion.. I found it difficult to finish.However, on the sunnier side, they did promptly refill our water and were very (maybe too) attentive of us. Hopefully, I will bump this review back up in my future visits! :)
Chicken wings taste is particularly good, oysters are also very fresh, each passing will buy a chicken wings take-away service is also very thoughtful, is waiting for too long, hope to be able to produce faster.
This is a fun bar.  Clean, nice decor. I think that the bartender could drink anyone under the table. I had the fried chicken, spicy and traditional.  Tasty but messy.   I would return if in the neighborhood.
The food was delicious, love their pricing on oysters during happy hours. Their chicken was pretty good nicely glazed in soy garlic and spicy. Thinking about it again makes me want to go back again tomorrow. Pretty hard to find another restaurant similar to this in center of flushing. Highly Recommend!
I came here probably around midnight one night and it was still pretty busy. The place reminds me of Mad for Chicken, but I like this place so much better because its a more accessible location and they have so many other things on the menu!I basically tried all the popular menu items that people have been raving about on yelp. GET THE BULGOGI QUESADILLA!! (I still think about it all the time) Their fries and gratin are good as well.
The wings are really good. (The spicy wings are hella spicy!) the whole chicken is ok, i'd choose the wings over these.. they're drier than the wings. The gratin is pretty good but way too much cheese compared to the other ingredients imo. Truffle fries and sweet potato fries are good tooooo
The chicken is amazing omg. Crispy,Juicy,it's truly amazing. Must go again & order 20 wings instead hahaha
Very good Korean food. Above average Bulgogi and good 'chap che' noodle dish. Chicken, IMO - average. Great ambiance. Friendly young staff (versus the older formal wait staff at a lot of the Korean restaurants that are much more expensive) If you're new to the Flushing experience (such a wonderful slice of NY (skip Chinatown in Manhattan - too touristy, crowded and overpriced). This hub of businesses (Municipal Parking across the street) is as authentic as it gets.
Had a great lunch with my friends. We ordered a kimchi fried rice and it was pretty good. We also had truffle French Fries which were 10/10! They were delicious. The chicken was also great. Overall great and delicious.
Good, delicious chicken wing~ but to expensive ~ still like it and will come again,even though it is expensive. Is worth~
Worst staff service ever. The waiters are really rude. I asked if I could have ordered something without a ingredient and she said the impossible and we won't do it for you. She would roll her eyes every single time she would come near us and 10 minutes after we got our food she said are you done yet and when we obviously weren't she would sigh and give us so much attitude. The other waiters are nice expect her. My friends come here frequently and they always tell me how the waiter there is so rude and manerless. I would never come back to get food from this place again because I don't want to see her, she make me so mad.
My fave new place. Every time we come I always feel completely satisfied with it all. Bulgogi quesos, kimchi egg rolls, fried gizzards (with spicy sriracha dipping sauce) served only during happy hour, grilled gizzards, japchae, and lychee soju are my staples there. The happy is great too, so take advantage of the deal of discounted beers and delicious food options.
Good food, trendy atmosphere, would recommend.  Chicken and truffle fries are the way to go.
Came here mostly for the Korean fried chicken. That was good, but the bugolgi and seafood pancake was ok. Service was mediocre (usually nothing special in Flushing), but the decor is nice. We were told that they no longer accept the Yelp checkin offer for a free drink. They should take it down.
Went with 6 other friends. I called to make a reservation the night before and nobody picked up. I thought that was actually a bad sign because that could mean they are missing some business. But i was determined to try the place so I called them the next day again and someone took the reservation. I specifically told them there is a 3 year old so they prepared a high chair before we got there. We ordered the wings, of course, the bulgogi quesdailla, gratin, truffle fries (to die for), jap chae and a few other dishes. Very reasonably priced unlike many Korean places. Nice decor and vibe but I am worried for them because we were there on Saturday night from 6:30-9pm and it was only max 80% full at any given point of the night. I know it's new and the door on 39 Ave is easily missed... maybe it will pick up some business as more stores/restaurants open around.
I always enjoy the experience when I've come to eat here. The service was always very attentive and I never felt rushed even with a larger party during their busiest times. The food has consistently been tasty and the drink selection is pretty wide. I adore their happy hours with $1 oysters. My favorite dish I've had here thus far would probably be the seafood stew. It comes in a large shallow pot to your table which is meant to be shared with friends. I also loved their drinking munchies e.g. dukbokki and chicken wings, they really hit spot. Overall good food and a good times at this place.
I came here because i saw the review was pretty good n it was for a co worker birthday.  We ordered the happy hour oyster 2 dozens which came after all of our food came.  We ask the waiter again n again what happen to the oyster?  We ordered the seafood pancake (which have literally no seafood in it.  It was like a vegetable or is a onion pancake), a whole chicken - is sooo burned on the outside but is very juicy inside??  The chicken salad - just a normal shred chicken ranch salad.  Nothing special.  We ordered 2- half half(spicy n soy garlic)   chicken wings- that soy garlic taste soooo weird.  The skin not crispy n the sauce taste so weird is hard to explain.  We had a galbi dish, octupus w pumpkin pure?? (thats what it said in the menu!  Overally the food is nothing special that you want to come again.  Since we have lots of ppl they did gave us a grapefruit soju for free.  Since i think the restaurant was still new so they do not have enough staff yet.  No one really came to ask if we need anything.  We have to chase any waiters walking by to get something (another cup,  napkins,  my coke w lemon that have no lemon in it,  forks,  or order more food)  but they r nice to u when u ask them more than once.  But the waitress that was serving us talks like we r annoying her so is not that pleasant! If u need to survive in flushing,  u need to have better seevice n the food should be more special.
By far the best korean fried chicken place. Spicy is really spicy. Gizzard is a must get. Nice selection of soju. It's a nice hang out place for either HH or weekend. I think they still have the $1 oysters from 3 to 6pm. And their lunch special are back.
Fried chicken is great n juicy!!!!Price at regular hours is not cheap but like the ppl and atmosphere there. Ps:have a big screen for kpop mv!!!!
I tried the chicken wings and fries rices , it was very tasty and unforgettable, I still have the flavor in my mind , specially the fried rice is totally different  from typical Korean restaurants , I can't describe it but trust me you won't regret!
This place was suggested to me by a friend.Before I came, I decided to do some research on this place and found out it was a chicken place. I am not particularly fond of chicken so I was happy to find out that this place offer more than just chicken. I came in around 2:30 pm on Sunday and it surprisingly it wasn't crowded. I ordered the bulgogi quesadilla which was pretty bomb! It came with 6 pieces which filled me up! The service was also on point. The waiters were attentive and made sure to meet all of our needs. The meal was delicious and fulfilling and I want to come back to try their pilaf.
Came on a friday night and the service is great. Sat at the bar ordered some wings and fries which were good. Also tried the new spam fries and they were good. Service by the bartender was excellent. Atmosphere is good not to loud and not to quite. I will come again.
The food here was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and I ordered a bulgogi quesadilla "it was incredible", kimchi fried rice, 2 orders of wings and some beers. Everything that we ordered came out tasting sooo good! there was a slight spicy kick to the dishes but we enjoy spicy food. The atmosphere of the restaurant was really nice and chilled. The service was amazing, great staff, great music, great everything! lol I would definitely be returning here :D
I LOVE IT HERE! I eat out everyday. I'm a very big foodie. BIG foodie. My friend took me here for a birthday dinner and let me tell you, it exceeded my expectations and I was very pleased with everything from customer service to the food quality and presentation. Even the wine was perfect. The venue is beautiful. I will be going back!
Was hungry late night and grabbed some takeout, after surviving a 30 min ride home these wings were the delish! The half-and-half is the way to go, spicy and soy garlic they were still crispy, meaty and great flavored. The sweet potato fries didn't survive as well they were a little soggy probably from the steamy bag. Worth a trip, looked cute and trendy inside too!
I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoy their food! I've tried the bulgogi quesadilla, their soy garlic the coop wings, gratin, bibimbap (which they had a one point), their $1 oysters at happy hour and my friend had their kimchi fried rice. The bulgogi quesadilla was really good. It's a very different combination but worked!! Their wings were pretty good as well and I really like the savory taste of the soy garlic sauce but the wings were kind of small. The bibimbap was really good and was a generous portion. The Gratin was the one thing that didn't amaze me. The cheese was chunky and didn't really melt into the rice like I expected it to. The dish was really heavy but it might have just been me since I've cut back on cheesy foods lately. The oysters were great, as always. Can't go wrong with oysters! My friend loves their kimchi fried rice, it's cooked perfectly and has a great balance of ingredients. Although the coop is on the pricier side compared to a lot of places in flushing it's definitely worth it. Their waiters are super nice and attentive which is a breath of fresh air since a lot of restaurants in flushing don't have their kind of service. I would definitely keep coming back and recommend to my friends!
The first time I've been here was around their grand opening and I've been back a couple of times since -- its been consistent each time. The usual are truffle fries and half/half flavored wings obvi. It's standard, and if i had to compare to all the other korean fried chicken spots around the city and queens (MFC, UFC, Boka, Bonchon etc) it's definitely top 3.If you're looking to have more than the basics then the bulgogi quesadilla is a musttt. Ooo wow I'm salivating just thinking about it. The bulgogi is super flavorful and the quesadilla just as cheesy as you'd ever wish for.Some other dishes I've tried were the gratin, budae jjigae, and kimchi pasta -- all very flavorful with no shortage of cheese.As for decor/ambience, this place looks like something you'd find in the city. Young urban music playing, cool decor, spacious with wooden table and seats, has a full bar. The drinks are on point, pretty strong, but for the fruity weak drinker like me there were several tasty options. I've had the watermelon margarita in the summer and more recently this drink with a melon popsicle in it - delicious! Great for groups, pricey but worth it.P.S. the spicy is pretty spicy, and I eat spicy.
I went here w/my boyfriend a few weeks ago.  I was more impressed w/the entrees than wings, although they had good flavor and texture.   We ordered dukbokki and some red meat dish, can't remember the name, and yuzu soju.  The only thing I may have changed about the dukbokki was maybe to add more ramen (since I'm addicted to noodles).  I may not be a fan of soju, but it was very sweet tasting, almost as if it were lemonade, (but that's the flavor of yuzu).  ***A pitcher serves 4, not 2...***I would come back here to try their hot pot though.Service is very attentive.
The Coop is very close to main street, which is a huge plus since most Korean fried chicken places tend to be located on Northern Blvd or a bit further down from main street. I came here last night with two other friends for dinner. Upon entering, I noticed that it was a decently spaced area with a couple of tables that seat larger crowds, but with more tables that seated up to a max of probably 5 people. The ambiance feels more upscale, especially because it's different from other surrounding restaurants in Flushing. Each table came with a candle so I thought that was a nice touch. The place was dimly lit which I think is perfect for date night.My friends and I ordered the truffle parmesan fries, budae jigae, and the small order of wings (12 pcs; half & half for flavoring). The truffle parmesan fries were really crispy and it came with ketchup & sriracha mayo as its dipping sauces. I really enjoyed the fries and I'm usually not a huge fan of any truffle fries because I feel like the truffle taste overpowers everything else. However, the coop did their fries right and even though I did taste the truffle, it wasn't so strong which I highly enjoyed. The budae jigae was standard. I feel like it could've been a bit bigger considering it was $29 but I had no complaints on that, taste-wise. The wings came in 12 pcs, with half of it being soy garlic, and the other half being spicy. Even though the wings were crispy, I didn't think they were anything special. The soy garlic didn't stand out much to me. I tasted more of the soy and hardly tasted anything garlicky. The spicy wings were just plain spicy. I didn't like that at all. Overall, The Coop wasn't anything special to me. The fries were the only thing that stood out to me and I was disappointed in the wings. Our waiter was nice but other than that, I thought this place was just average. I enjoy Debasaki way more and their wings are better in my opinion since they have more options. I probably wouldn't mind coming back to this place if my friends wanted to but I wouldn't come here if I were craving some good Korean fried chicken.
It's just great place, I really liked it,Something different for me..Good food ... Good service, specially Hyunjeong , she helped us in a  very good way to choose a food , I will definitely come back.
Visited the restaurant for happy hour with my friends to celebrate our birthday. We ordered a dozen of the $1 oysters, truffle fries, 4 orders of the $6 soy garlic and spicy chicken wings, and a pitch of the lychee soju. The waiters were extremely nice and attentive. We even got free birthday shots on the house! I'd have to say that I like the flavor of the wings here more than mad for chicken and the lychee soju was just as flavorful as I wanted it to be. Definitely coming back for more!
The fried chicken is not as good as Mad for Chicken but the other things are pretty good. The cheesy fried rice is really good. I like the complimentary white kimchi too. There aren't a lot of Korean fried chicken places in downtown flushing compared to northern boulevard so I think this one is a safe bet.
The food was underwhelming. Sorryyyy!I like the place and service was good but if you are in flushing, you might as well go to northern blvd and really satiate your kfood appetite. I thought mad for chicken is a lot better.I had the half and half chicken wings, the side radish was excellent but they need to up their corn game.Also had the noodle soup with spam etc. I enjoyed it.
Only thing that kills me is that they close so early, at 2:00am? WHY?!I had a chocolate martini here, it was amazing. If you want something exotic and new then try the Minky Way, was delicious and not strong at all (if that's what you look for). They also have some good craft beers on tap. Bartender that attended me was great, could not complain about a single thing.
Very unique Korean soju place at the center of flushing. Love their yogurt soju and wings. A nice spot for drink night will be back next time. ++ services.
I found alien legs crawling from a blue point oyster. The sever said just crab, and gave me a new one. But, I can't. I can't. I can't pretend I never seem this and accidentally swallow it and it will crawl inside my stomach! I lost appetite after seeing the dancing leg or tail. I probably don't want to see oyster for awhile :(
I only go to Korean places for their Fried Chicken. They have decent fried chicken, but i still think there are other locations that does it better. Alcohol-wise they are pretty well stocked. P.S. The perk about this place is that its at the heart of Flushing. You don't have to travel far form the train station to get here!
If you're an avid k-pop fan who enjoys listening to kpop then this place is for you. They play the most recent kpop songs as well as the most recent kpop music videos on the wall from a projector, though sometimes those music videos can be rated pg13+.I come here for the pitcher of flavored soju and whenever i feel like catching a drink with my friends. Roughly $25 for pitcher of flavored soju which is pricy, but if you're a lightweight like me then this is enough for you and another lightweight friend to get buzzed. They also serve popcorn while you drink. Their fried chicken is pretty good along with their kimchi pasta and bulgogi quesadilla, but the prices are pretty steep.Service is a hit or miss depending on who you get, but my cup of water is always filled until it gets super busy inside. Besides that, the servers are usually very nice and friendly. I had a drink with my friend and she knocked out on the table and while i was waiting for her to sober up, the waiter constantly came to refill our waters and ask if everything was okay. On my way out i didnt realized i left my earphones behind and the same waiter kindly ran after me to return it which i thought was very nice of him. I would definitely come back again for the vibe only if my wallet is fat enough for it.
Happy hour oysters $1 each, decent size. Though the Korean chicken wings are average and the noodles as well.
Food: We ordered a couple of dishes to share. The Parmesan truffle fries were surprisingly delicious. We ordered a large platter of wings which were crispy and well seasoned. We also had seafood pancake, pork belly, chicken gizzard and galbi. Service: Our waitress was helpful and attentive.Decor: tasteful and modern.
Good food, but too loud sometimes. I wish it would be easier to converse with my friends while eating great Korean fried chicken. -reviewer 1Food is very tasty. I recommend the soy garlic chicken and the pork belly. The atmosphere is very modern and unique. Great lighting. Food tastes fresh and authentic -reviewer 2
I came on a Friday night and it was pretty packed. We ordered a Soondobu, chicken wings, seafood pancake, pork belly, truffle fries and the bulgogi quesadilla for our group of 5. The bulgogi quesadilla was pretty good. The Soondobu and wings were pretty spicy. For someone who loves spicy, it was kind of hard to enjoy the wings. We got a lychee soju too and it was pretty strong but good.  It's a bit more expensive compared to other places, so I'm not sure if I would come just for a dinner. But it seems like a cool place to hang out on the weekend and get drinks and bites.
The staff are very polite and courteous. They have a great selection on beers and variety of cocktail choices. The decor is modern but yet trendy. Love the chalkboard wall near the bathrooms. The wings are spot on delicious and meatier. Overall, it's a great place to eat and chill.
The Coop set the tone at One Fulton Square since day one. It could be argued that it is one of the best/consistent food places at this new Flushing food hub. It is rare to find a bar that can accommodate large groups and serve a decent dinner as well. Not going too in depth on the food, I recommend the truffle parmesan fries, bossam, japchae, and any form of their chickens whether wings or whole. Dukboki was slightly bland regardless of the spice level and the seafood pancake a bit burnt. Service was awesome as we got our water pitchers refilled faster than we can drink. Also they were always around to take a new order. The kitchen staff is not that efficient in handling a lot of orders so we had a long wait for each dish. The staff gave us a grilled chicken on the house for the inconvenience. Free food is the best way to say sorryI can see why this place is constantly praised. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
This isn't a sports bar. PLEASE don't come here expecting to have a great sports-watching experience. That's what my friend and I did, and we knew we had made a terrible mistake the second we walked in to watch the Mets clinch a World Series berth. The Coop is one of the many new establishments that have popped up on Prince Street with the new Hyatt hotel. It's very modern and very clean (give it six more months; after all, it Is Flushing), and is a very nice change of pace from the usual loud and dirty main area of Flushing. The restaurant is really nice. Wood furnishings, a respectable bar and many tables for couples and groups. My friend and I sat at the bar to watch the game on the two TVs, and were served by YoonMi, a bartender I have a very large crush on, and service was excellent. The beers were cold, and the conversation was light and entertaining. We ordered small orders of the soy garlic wings, and ummm...well, you won't be full. Presentation was pleasing, but the wings were small to the point that I can only describe them as "cute."The fries, both the regular and the sweet potato, were hot and freshly-fried, and the assortment of condiments was very appreciated. The chicken gizzards weren't worth the $7. They were tasty and all, but it was literally pieces of gizzard with huge slices of garlic. Also, I love using whole black peppercorns when I cook at home, but it's not an ingredient you should be so liberal with, especially when used in a small portion of something. The ratio of whole peppercorns to gizzards had to have been 2:1. Not great, guys. So why the note about this not being a sports bar? It's not. Two TVs and a nice quality projector, but everything is on mute in order for the nonstop Big Bang and friends that was progressively getting louder and louder. My friend loved the fact that TaeYang and G-Dragon accompanied the baseball game, but I just want to make sure you guys know that this is first and foremost, a restaurant. I really like the place though. Oh and happy hour ends at 6, so if you're commuting from anywhere that isn't Flushing, good luck. I'll definitely be back.
This place is amazing! I went here for a girls night with some of my closest friends and the service was on point. Our waitress was very attentive, but not in the annoying way. We got oysters, truffle fries and the soy and spicy wings which tasted so good. They were cooked to perfection. We also got Mango and strawberry mojitos which we also perfection. I love this place and I can't wait to go back.
The Coop is conveniently located next to our hotel so we just had to try it.  It's a fusion Korean restaurant with a full bar offering. We ordered the garlic soy wings and pork and beef sliders. The wings were nothing exceptional.  Pretty standard to the Bon Chons and Kyochons that we've frequented in the past.  The sliders were very good.  The pork slider being the favorite of our group.  The space is contemporary and there is plenty of seating. The service was good and decent, but not overly friendly though.  Hence the 3 stars.
Came here many times for dinner and happy hour. This place is awesome.  The fried kidney is only sold during happy hour and is the best snack I've ever eaten.  It goes so well with booze.  The bulgogi quesadilla, Korean fried chicken and stir-fried kidneys are my go-tos.  I think the menu is pretty good, just haven't had a chance to try everything.Warning - the lychee soju is FANTASTIC.  My friends and I got a few pitchers and didn't feel it until we were leaving :)
Okay, I love the Coop. I can always depend on this place for amazing drinks and just a great time. To start off, the food falls into the category of "drunk good"- which means that okay, maybe that chicken is not the BEST chicken you've ever had or maybe the truffle fries don't really taste that truffley- BUT if you keep drinking whatever you feel is lacking will compensate itself.I like the vibe, decor, and especially the service here. The servers here are very cool and know how to talk to customers sensibly and suavely (an easy but yet difficult task for many). Regarding the food- here's a list of things to order:1. Wings (if you're in the mood for crispy Korean style wings to go along with that beer)2. Truffle Fries (if you desire to eat crispy fries with the hint of truffle and don't want the overly strong Truffle taste [but why])3. Kimchi Pasta (ORDER if you're a sucker for Asian/Italian fusion like me. I like this dish.)4. Pork Rib Fondue (ORDER. Very good.) Spare yourself from ordering traditional dishes like galbi or ddukbokki here, because you know it's not a traditional place. Unless you're really craving it.Drinks to order:1. Lychee Soju (If you have $ to spend and too lazy to make it- they present it nicely in a mound of ice and make it very strong.)2. Cheesecake shots (not sure if they're on the menu- yummy)3. Lychee Martini Don't come here and not drink. You may not have a good time.
I came for dinner and I may be back. An initial issue is there is no tea. Any kind of Asian restaurant even if fusion should have tea.A small order of the wings, half and half, was good and worth a return visit as are the truffle parmesan fries. The seafood stew was flavorful but the seafood overcooked and chewy.The worst was the kalbi. It was burnt, overcooked, and chewy. The mashed potatoes were obviously out of a box. This was recommended by the waitress. Either she doesn't know the menu or this was to pad the bill as this dish was $25.Service is very attentive. If only the food was better.
I really expected a lot more from this place when i first heard it was opening. The first time I came, my friends and I ordered the fried chicken and I was pretty disappointed. It's definitely not as flavorful as other places I've tried and the spiciness level was too much in my opinion. The restaurant was pretty empty since we came during off-peak hours, but our waiter still managed to forget our fries so I ended up not even being able to try them because by the time he remembered, we were almost done with our meal. I came back a second time to see if their other dishes might be better because I really liked the ambiance of the restaurant itself so its a nice place to hang out and chat with your friends too but everything we ordered the second time around still didn't really meet my expectations. The budae jjigae was mediocre. I'd rather stick with Mad for Chicken from now on, that's where the real good stuff is at.
One of the first korean fried chicken places where their spicy wings actually tasted better than the garlic and soy sauce wings. It wasn't too spicy like other places and had a nice flavor. Their Bulgogi quesadillas were also very tasty and definitely worth and try. The seafood pancake was okay. The difference with this pancake is that it seems very abundant of seafood but very little batter. The kimchi egg rolls were nothing special. The budae jiggae wasn't any different either. I think the best thing was the Last Love yuzu makgeolli. It was mixed very well.
Came here for lunch. I love their chicken wings and this is a nice spot to chill. The service is good.
Live in jersey and will come all the way here for this place! Great food and atmosphere! Must try their wings! Staff is super attentive and friendly :) if you're in the area or not this place is a must try!
The staff here seems to be dead inside. No smiles. No welcoming hello. Except for this one cheerful girl who seemed to have the energy of a thousand suns. The chicken is ok. Got the wings a few times and they never seem to taste fresh. They are a bit dry. The whole chicken got the Korean flavored one which was pretty damn good but as I sit here eating my chicken I only count one leg one thigh, no wings and bunch of breast pieces.. never seen a whole chicken with no wings and only one leg.. a few of the other items on the menu don't stand out like crazy. Over priced, consider one of the other locations in flushing if you don't mind cramped spaces and a little dirt and grime.
Highly recommended for this restaurant if you love Korean food like me ! Tasty soup & soy Garlic chicken wings !
Utterly underwhelming. The decor and service were great, but I came to eattt.The only plus I could think of is the spicy wings. They're hot but you can taste the flavor. It's not like other Korean places where they're just blindingly spicy and you're scrambling to find water.Would not recommend the budae jjigae. For $29 you get VERY little. The "bowl" that it came in was flat enough to use as a regular plate. I'd understand if it was some quality jigae, but it wasn't.I'd recommend MFC on Northern. Much better food, you get your money's worth, and you don't have to deal with the madness that is Flushing parking.If you must check it out, park at Skyview Center. It's free parking for the first 3 hours. Buy some floss at Target if you feel like you're gaming the system.
Only have been here for drinks with a few friends at the bar.Customer service was very nice, bartender/hostess was very attentive. Not sure what to rate about food & drinks tho... Since I ordered a bottle of Soju & my friend a draft beer lolDef love the ambience, music, and the interior.Will go back to experience cocktails & food next time!
Very bad service. When we come in no nobody said anything, not even a hello. We find ourselves a seat and then menu came. Wait more than 15 minutes and still not coming. We only order 12 pieces chicken wings. The waitress finally come over with the chicken wings but not for us but the the table next us. Then the next table realizes is not their and the waitress quickly give it to us without said anything. My friend was very hungry and she take a bite but I was going to ask for the manager to change. Before I ask, the manger came up with another chicken wings and ask if we ordered two. We said no but we would like to change to a new one. He gave us a new one but later he went by and said we already ate one. I am so sad and said " you can take one back". What the ... totally angry. Never come back.
Service was great ! Food average, but if you come for drinks and a bite i don't think you'll be lacking-- basically perfect drinking food. Decor is really nice compared to other spots in Flushing !
Awesome place to hangout with friends. They have the best spicy Korean chicken wings. One of the waiter is super duper friendly(don't know his name). And they even give out free popcorns. How awesome is that lol
I've been here several times, and had their wings. I've tried both their soy/garlic and hot wings. Very similar to Bon Chon wings and I have to say if you like Bon Chon then you will love their wings. Very crispy.. Great taste. Very clean, Friendly Bartenders (As I've only sat at the bar)Don't get the Bulgogi Sliders.. Too much bread.. Little meat and overall not the best dish to order.I have to say, the place is very generic in terms of what I would predict a Korean Chicken wing place to be but there is nothing wrong with that. I do come here when I am in flushing, craving wings and a draft beer. My rating is based on my expectation, friendliness and cleanliness.
Came here with a few friends for dinner one day in the summer and we were greeted/seated rather quickly. We ordered the kimchi fried rice, parmesan truffle fries, large order of the soy garlic wings, & spicy seafood pancake. Each order we received food was warm and delicious and eaten quickly. The chicken itself was 7/10, pretty good but not the best Korean fried chicken. The ambiance was like a modern gastropub and you can tell majority of the crowd was in their 20s. The drinks here were pretty top notch and they offer a grand variety of top shelf liquor, surprising for a restaurant.Will be back if I'm ever in the Flushing/Main st area.
food is pretty average. the chicken wings arent anything special just another version of mad for chicken. its decent if you're in the flushing area and dont want to travel out to northern. the truffle fries are always on point. they are the only thing i really love when i come here. i've also had the kimchi fried rice which is good but not amazing as well as their soups/stews. the clam soup with onions and peppers were pretty bland. usually its peppery and spicy and salty but this one was just .. disappointing. i would only come here because its convenient and its open late
We were greeted warmly, but the service was bad. The food was alright, nothing amazing. The waiter did not collect everyone's dishes and was kind of rude. The place looks nice and food was okay, but service  is bad.
Definitely come here for happy hour oysters and cocktails! Truffle fries are really good too and the portions are large. Servers are extremely attentive as well. Only downside imo is their wings are alright - overpriced and flavor-wise Debasaki does it better
The food is good! And the wait staff is very honest and nice. The atmosphere is very comfortable. The location is also very convenient.
This place is simply spectacular!I've gotten their fried chicken for take out before, but I never sat down and ate there until about a month ago. My friends and I have named this as one of our favorite restaurants in flushing. Their fried chicken is delicious, their oysters are heavenly, and their drinks are perfect. I think it's best to come here with friends because the atmosphere is lively and hip!
The Coop is a relatively new joint but it has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing. I've been here several times since their grand opening so I've tried a decent amount of dishes from their menu. Food: THEY HAVE $1 OYSTERS DURING HAPPY HOUR (Mon-Fri 4-7PM)! I don't know any other places in Flushing that offer this wonderful deal. I've been to a lot of places in the city for happy hour oysters but their oysters are by far the freshest I've ever had. If you don't make it in time for their happy hour they still offer oysters on their regular menu (just not for $1). I've tried their truffle parmesan fries (to die for), sweet potato fries (perfectly crisp on the outside, soft/sweet on the inside), mozzarella fondue (ooey gooey goodness), bulgogi/spicy pork belly sliders (both delicious), bulgogi quesadilla (I can eat this everyday), kimchi pasta (the pasta was perfectly al dente), seafood pancake (perfectly crisp on the outside, loaded with seafood on the inside), bulgogi gratin (if you love cheese on everything then this is for you), pork rib fondue (slow cooked to perfection), jjusam (perfect amount of spiciness), nurungji tang (delicious/refreshing broth), budaejigae (delicious spicy stew that goes well with white rice), beef intestine soup (definitely not for everyone but it was really good!)Drinks: Their bevs are just as good as their food! My favorite drink from their happy hour menu is "all for you" (I think that's what it's called). It's a tasty drink that's perfect for someone who doesn't drink as often. For someone who prefers something stronger, I recommend their mojitos -- perfect amount of alcohol and sweetness! Their cocktail soju's are delicious as well! If you're more of a water person .. I have good news .. their water is filtered and lemon flavored! Service: I'm very pleased with their service. The workers are really attentive and friendly. Everyone greets you when you enter the restaurant which is nice. Ambiance: The atmosphere is wonderful as well as the decor. It's upscale, modern, and hip. It doesn't feel like you're in Flushing. The bar is a wonderful spacious area to chill at. They have two tv's angled above the bar and a projector that plays kpop music videos. This place is a fun place to be at which explains why it's always busy at night on weekends! Overall, The Coop is THE place to go to if you want delectable high quality food. It definitely beats out other Korean fried chicken competitors like Mad For Chicken, Bonchon, Kyochon, etc IMO. Swing by and visit this place when you get the chance -- I highly recommend!
Went there for lunch with a friend to catch up. We order some chicken wings which was awesome. The fries was nicey fried and crispy. We then order some sliders with was great. But not enough to fill us up. Good selections of alcohol too. Must try. Cool looking decor too. Seems like a cool spot for some night life as well.
Came during happy hour, oysters were fresh, soy garlic wings were bit too salty for me but enjoyable and spicy were the fit for me , I also got the japchae and bossam (pork slices with sides of white kimchi cabbage and spicy chives). I enjoyed the japchae (great flavor) more than bossam (park was alright). Flavor of chives was too intense. Cute waitresses tho for all you interested parties out there. Service was attentive as well. I liked the atmosphere and it's a good place to nom away from the heat. Would come back to try other food.
Delicious food! I can't wait to go back. We ordered the spicy rice cakes-spiciest i've ever had but absolutely delicious, the soy garlic wings-perfectly crispy and flavoured, oysters-so fresh, bulgogi quesadilla-so much flavor in the bulgogi..delicious. I enjoyed everything i ate. the staff was very friendly but didn't come to us that often so we had to keep getting their attention.
Good service, good drinks and nice apps but note to self.  The deepfried chicken gizzards are only offered during happy hour and at no other time.  That was such a letdown as they are such a good thing  to eat with the great soju coctails they offer.
Love the wings and the big servings of dishes!Get a free drink if you check-in on yelp! It's really a great deal!!!!
One of the better Bar places in Flushing. Their selections of drinks is pretty diverse. Came here after work for a quick get together with coworkers. Food was decent, the wings are better than regular wings in the Flushing area. Other than that, nothing really special. We ordered 3 bottles of wine and they gave us a rice wine on the house (which i thought was pretty cool.) Service was good, waitress and waiters always made sure we had enough food on our table.One perk: TVs to watch the games!Overall: Good place for a get together but i would not recommend coming here for dinner. This place is more of an after dinner, get a few drinks, talk or watch the game kind of bar/restaurant.
Their wings made me flyyyy. Reallly. They're so crispy and the flavors are on point. It's made to perfection. Even their spicy wings are amazing.Their spicy hot pot is quite good, though not the best I've had. But definitely come here for the wings.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place and the food was great! I arrived with a party of 6 around 5:00PM on a Sunday and there was no wait. I really liked where the restaurant was located, it was kind of like a food mall, I guess. The Coop is on the 2nd floor. The place has a pretty nice bar area and there was a good amount of seating. We were seated in a table near the window and I loved how the afternoon sun came through the window.Our server acknowledged us right away and came by and took our order in a timely manner. My party ordered a dozen Blue Point Oysters, Truffle Parmesan Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, Kimchi Fried Rice, Spicy Pork Belly, and of course, The Coop Wings. Unfortunately, we had to order only soy garlic wings since the people in our group who couldn't handle spice outweighed the people who lived on spice. Everything was quite enjoyable. However, the radish that they gave us with our wings didn't taste very good. You must try the sweet potato fries! They are BOMB. I found myself reaching for those more than the truffle fries. The honey blue cheese sauce that it came with was so delicious! The oysters were average, nothing special. Their Kimchi Fried Rice was definitely very spicy, we couldn't even finish it. I was also interested in trying some of their fusion stuff like the bulgogi sliders and quesadillas, so I will definitely return!
My first experience here was great. Food delicious. You pay for what you get, and that is quality food. My order included bulgogi quesadilla , Truffle fries , and of course chicken. The soy garlic chicken I can say is better than other places you might find. As for the truffle fries they were fantastic! The bulgogi quesadilla was on point.As for service here, it was pretty good.The workers greeted us when we arrived as well as leaving. They were pretty attentive and had a good idea when customers needed help.This is the place to go to if you want some Korean chicken!
I love the spicy chicken wings The bibimbab was soso coz they put too much green salad ( not like real korean bibimbab ) The seafood jigae not my fave The beef quesadillas quite good The service too slow just bcoz of only one server was working in that time But overall nice to try
Honestly, is this place a Resturant or a Bar? Other than the first cup of water brought to your table after you sit down, the refills arrive probably the same time as your check. They recommend the drinks over their foods and when I order a chicken grilled , not only did they forget to inform me that it will take time, after asking about my order for the 3rd time, the server told me he did not put in the order and there would be another 45min wait. I was lucky that I had order the steak quesadilla to eat first otherwise I would not have gotten a meal that night.Lastly , all I got from the waiter was a quick "sorry" as he handed my check and they expected me to tip 15%. Not a place I would go back to again unless you are a group that knows the exact amount of what you eat and drink and requires no service after you've ordered.
Their chicken wings are pretty good but the other food is standard. The interior is really nice but their bartender is not professional. I asked for a round of lemon drop shots and the server said the waiter didn't know what that was...pretty basic drink if you ask me. The crowd is very Korean at night time but during lunch it's very slow.
Tried the wings and the truffle parmesan fries and it was amazing. The wings can get pretty spicy the more you eat and they have some really cool deals for holidays lunar new years and valentine's day so that was also pretty awesome. The guy at the door was pretty cool too so I had a nice conversation with him while waiting for my friend. Shout out to that guy.
I went there a few weeks after their grand opening. They have a happy hour menu from 4-7pm where you can get oysters for $1. Their oysters were really fresh and it comes with a special sauce that goes well with it. Their truffle fries came in large portion and it's pretty worth it for $10. However, they always give out their sauces in such small portion, i kept having to ask for more. Their chicken wings were pretty good. It's actually very similar to bonchon or mad for chicken except there is more flavoring to it. It is definitely a go to place if you're craving for chicken and you're near by the area. I also had their seafood pancake but looks can be deceiving. The taste of it was decent but way overpriced at 19 bucks.
Yes, there are many korean chicken places in queens but this place also has many other great twists to their dishes! A very americanized taste is added to korean food. It may freak ppl out but its fun to try. Their bulgogi quesdailla is sooooo yummy with cheese oozing out!!!! & who doesnt like gooey cheese? Haha. Their soy garlic chicken wings are also good. Id say this place is better than others in the flushing area.Plus side, this restaurant has a FULL BAR!
Just couple of things.Great selection of food and drinks. I just hope that the gratin smelled less like vinegar. It tasted good but a bit too much on the vinegar-like smell. The wings were decent and the bulgogi quesadilla was the most memorable; I was actually impressed.Nice atmosphere. The lights were dim and the music sound was fair.Service was solid, fast and efficient. It was obvious that the servers really cared about my table. They were all polite but one thing: i just wish they'd smile more.Overall, it was a good experience. One of better places in flushing.
I was looking for a late night spot to eat after some Christmas shopping. This place is nicely decorated, very clean and the staff is friendly. The truffle fries are on POINT and definitely a must! We also ordered a mushroom soup (without the beef strips) and it wasn't bad. It was something different to try. The drinks are also very interesting. We had the iced lychee drink which I really enjoyed. I definitely recommend this place to anyone that's in the flushing area.
I had to visit because I passed by and heard great reviews. My bf and I ordered the budae jigae, 12 piece half and half coop wings, and truffle fries. So much food, but very tasty! The fries were bomb, soup was good, just wish they had bigger bowls, and wings were flavorful. The spicy weren't too spicy, so it was enjoyable. I wish they had wet naps though. My bf and I also ordered drinks. He had the summer special with the ice cream, very tasty. I had the princess drink with gin, it was  delicious! Definitely will come back. Sometimes service was slow, but it can be worked on.
Everything from the food to interior to service is great. It's big enough for small gathering with friends. I highly recommend the bulgogi quesadilla - it comes with fries when you order out. I think the take out menu is different from the restaurant menu.
Tastes as good as home (Santa Clara, CA)!  Crispy, spicy (not too hot) fried chicken.  Also had a bowl of tasty kim chee fried rice.  Great decor.  Friendly service.  Good beer selection (and full bar).  Was slow on weekday lunch, so we were seated immediately.  A great find a very short walk from out hotel on a cold day.
Absolutely love this place. Great atmosphere, great food, and not too pricey! Drinks are made well and the staff is super friendly. I go way out of my way to go here.
This place was a super cool atmosphere and the food was all delicious. We were two people and got the chicken wing mix (soy and spicy), japchae, bulgogi sliders, and peach soju. The wings had great flavor, some of them lacked a bit of crunch, but still delicious. The japchae was really good! It was a first for me on that dish, and I was pleasantly surprised, it also came out really quickly. The sliders were good, but I wished there was a little more sauce, I would love to try the spicy pork ones next time. The soju was delicious and surprisingly strong, usually flavored soju's are tasty but weak, so very well done. They also gave us two shots on the house! They wanted us to try a new drink they've just added to the menu, I don't remember the name but it had fireball, rum chata, and milk. I had wanted to try it when I first saw it, so I was so excited they brought it over! I liked it, I don't think I could do more than one, but I enjoyed the flavor. Overall I would absolutely come back, and I would recommend it. I love bar food, so I felt very at home.
The food is great! The bulgogi quesadilla and gratin were absolutely amazing!  The kimchi fried rice had great spice and really good flavor.  The wings left a bit to be desired.  We had split between the flavors 50/50 but I honestly couldn't tell the difference which makes me think our order was either wrong, or the flavors were just so similar that it didn't make a difference what kind you ordered.The reason it gets 3 stars is that the service was awful.  I was there on a Sunday at about 3pm so needless to say the place was pretty empty still.  We ordered apps and entrees and for some reason everything came out at once, except the wings.  The waiter said those take longer (than everything else we ordered? think that's a lie) but they didn't come out until we were done eating everything else.  The table next to us, who came in after us, got their order of wings first so I'm not sure what happened here. Our waiter though seemed to disappear as we started to eat though leaving us without any service at all.  It wasn't until I went to the restroom that I found him sitting in the back at a table with other servers just lounging.  The poor bartender seemed to be the only one serving the entire restaurant and we felt bad as we watched her run around trying to do it all.  It wasn't until we got our check from her that the other waiter showed up to collect.  Just really poor service.  They're luck the food is so good.
We had a party of 10 and they accommodated us well. We had a few mix-ups with our reservation time but fortunately it all worked out. (First they thought it was for 6:30 pm on Friday, but it was for that time on Saturday--they had the date correct, but day of the week incorrect. Then they called on Saturday to confirm the 8:30 pm reservation--not the 6:30 pm reservation I had made.) Luckily, they didn't seem packed at that time, so they were able to fit us in. Our table just barely fit 10 people--it was more appropriate for 8.We all enjoyed our food, however, and we ordered quite a variety. Beers, cocktails, wings, fries (those orders are huge, you need fewer than you think), sliders (this was the only meh in my book--the buns weren't very exciting), quesadillas, jap chae, and grilled chicken.Service was friendly and good. I'd definitely go back!
Never again will I be stepping foot in this place. I visited the place last night and ever since then, I have the worse sore throat and two diarrhea. Ugh, biggest regret ever!
Their foods are pretty good. Mostly done in a good format. The reason I could not give them full stars was because they are very slow in speed and make the incorrect orders few times that I went to. Shop owner should provide more training for staffs before throwing them right into the customers.
Fun relaxing loud music Korean bar the Crispy chicken was delicious perfectly fried and tasty.  The Kimchee  seafood pancake was also good  and ramen Korean spicy seafood soup yummy.  Rice wine ok lecher martinis were decent overall nice relaxing food and drink with friends
I am so glad this opened up in flushing because I didn't have a favorite go-to korean place for a LONG time! I love how friendly the staff are here. I definitely will be returning here few times a month. This place has a lot of seating areas and they also play some of my favorite music too.
The wings are really good. Especially the soy garlic wings! We ordered the kimchi fried rice and it was alright. The wait wasn't long. So I recommend it.
One of my new fave places. I've been going once every two weeks to get my chicken and budae jigsae fix. Owner and staff care about the customers; very friendly and exceptional service. Kind of want to keep this spot a secret, it's already getting packed all the time and it just opened.-I don't cook. I eat.
Brooklyn lager Draft beer ... Wings (garlic soy flavor)Oysters went for happy hour yum . $1 oysters was ok nothing special.  Chicken wings hit the spot .Had the fried chicken gizzard appetizer ... Good portion w spicy mayo sauce ... Little too doughy ... Was ok check off the list .I would go back for more beers and taste more off their menu. Place is modern with nice cool feel ambiance .
The atmosphere is nice. The place is pretty spacious and since it just opened it's nice and clean. The staff is accommodating and friendly. They have an awesome cocktail menu! I LOVE that as a drinker. Also their food is pretty yummy. NOM NOM NOM :)
The food is ok. Service is not that OK.  If you call the waitress more than 3 times you'll see their attitude, plus taking the wrong orders. My bill was $175, I gave $45 tips and the waitress said IT'S NOT ENOUGH!  What????  So I took back $15 and called their manager. Need to put more smiles on these waitress.
came for dinner nice hot wing，and nice place to eat in flushing. I will come back again.
Wow! Wow! Wow! This place is a awesome! The service was attentive and the food... Oh my... the food... was amazing. Their "spin" on the sliders and fries is a must have. Compliments to the chef! This place is still new so there was no wait for a table, but I'm sure when the word gets out... This place will be packed.
Food was good. My favorite was the bulgogi quesadilla. Place was clean and organized. Bathroom was pretty clean as well. Came in in a wednesday with a party of 6. Took a little long to get the servers attention to ask for check but there were only 2 servers and 1 waterboy on the floor so thats understandable.
The best modern Korean restaurant I've ever visited.Wings and seafood pancake are so delicious.Atmosphere is fresh.
I have been here once every week since The Coop had its Grand Opening! This is honestly by far one of the best chicken places in all of Queens. Mind you, I've tried all of them... Mad For Chicken, Debasaki, Kyochon, Bonchon Chicken... The atmosphere and service is phenomenal. Everytime I look up, a waitress is already on her way over to me to see what I want. (A bit creepy, but whatever) From the second I walk in they greet you with their Korean greetings and make you feel welcomed. As for the atmosphere, it feels like a restaurant you would find in the city. It is classy, fun, and warm. The food is out of this world. I love getting the soy garlic chicken (I can't handle spicy), Parmesan fries, bulgogi quesadilla, mozzarella fondue, pilaf, gratin, pork rib fondue, sliders, and the seafood pancakes. Like I said, I've been there every week since the Grand Opening so I tried many things! As for the price, you get what you pay for. For the atmosphere and the food and the amazing service, every cent is worth it. If I could, I would give this place a 10 out of 5 stars. Cheers to the owner and workers for making this place awesome!!!!!!!
This is my favorite place to go in flushing everytime im craving chicken wings! The place is so nice compare to other places in flushing. I love korean food too so the coop is really good for me. I love their soy garlic chicken wings! The spicy wings are too spicy for me so i cant really enjoy it. I tried several more dishes too, like pancakes, bulgogi, and some more! I will definitely come back!
The food here is delicious. It's not traditional Korean, and u don't get all the little side dishes. But the chicken is moist, and the sauce is unique. The sauce is barbecue, but something more: sweet and savory and not overwhelming.
This place is convenient if you want to grab some korean style fried chicken. Once you get off the train it's not too long of a walk. By car you can park at the municipal parking lot, or go to Skyview mall and get 3 hr free parking. They offer two flavors for their fried chicken. Did the half and half, and the spicy ones were just too spicy for me. Otherwise it's pretty good but I have tried another place which offered bigger drumsticks and wings. Their truffle fries was well worth it; taste good and the portion is big. The Budae jigae was rather small, the broth looked really red but flavor wise was pretty watered down.
Took out of town friends here because they are steak and potato people. Figured it was a safe bet (and it was). The music was great, Shazamed a bunch of Asian artist. The chicken was amazing!!! I would definitely go back if I am every in Flushing again!!
The service there was pretty good but the food there was amazing. It was very filling and came in large portions. Me and my friends had only ordered four dishes but we had so much trouble finishing it especially the fries. They were definitely worth $10. We got the truffle Parmesan fries and it was really good. Nicely crisped and the spicy mayo sauce went so well with it. We also got the kimchi pasta, egg roll omelette and the bulgogi quesadilla. All of the dishes tasted great. I would love to come back again.
Love it here. Cute Service, creative Korean food and drinks!! Many beer options as well! Beautiful waiter and waitress. Makes dining here even more enjoyable!
Came here to try out how their chicken was since I heard good things about it. Let me just say, this is probably my new favorite place when I'm craving some real Korean fried chicken. I say this because I usually don't (or can't seem to) eat the whole chicken off the bone, but with their chicken, it comes off really clean. The flavors are also on point and are not too strong or too weak. Aside from the chicken, the sweet potato fries are bomb and worth the $10 you pay for. The deco is also nice and cute, perfect for a group of friends or even a late night date. One less star because the service was not the best. My boyfriend and I got seated right away but they didn't give us water even after taking our order until we asked. The food took kind of long as well but the wait was worth it so I didn't mind. Overall, I can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
This is such a great hangout place!  Hands down one of the few places with superb customer service.  If you feel like having some Korean pub food with drinks, this is the place to go!
This is your regular Korean fried chicken at a place conveniently located closer to the 7 train. I found their fried chicken to be heavy on the breading which made them difficult to eat after awhile and filling in a bad way. Their grilled chicken is definitely the better option. Juicy, great portion size and pairs well with the parmesan truffle fries which are a must-try. They have happy hour which includes $1 oysters but they are not the best of quality so I would definitely pass on this as there are much better places for this in the city.
Chicken wings taste good.  Typical prices.  Only bad things are that it's way too freaking loud and the service is slow.
The wings were as good as they were hyped up to be but the wings took way more than half hour.The bulgogi slider quesadilla was creative but was pretty bland in taste.Oysters were awesome though.Service was great.
I haven't been to that part of flushing for few years. Was very surprise to see this huge building where once used to be a parking lot. Coop was an interesting place the food was pretty good and enjoyed the drinks there.
The best happy hour in town! The wait staff is always attentive and around to service. The chicken is bomb.com. I love the corn they give you as a side. I can literally eat that as it's own fish. The quesadilla is not to be missed.
I love that they offer other food than fried chicken. When you order the fried chicken you're given small buckets for bones! Very considerate! Also highly recommend their truffle fries and bulgogi quesadilla!!! They also have a bar too.
If you don't want to go too off of Main St. to eat korean fried chicken, this is your spot. I would normally have to travel further out to Northern Blvd. for chicken so I'm glad a closer place has opened. Don't let the express take out stand in the front fool you, it is spacious and nicely decorated inside. The service here is great and the food is tasty! They have dollar oysters during happy hour as well as $3 beer and other drinks. It's a good get together spot with good vibes. Stop by before this place gets too popular!
Came here on a Sunday night after a recommendation. The atmosphere is very trendy and there is plenty seating which is great! The staff is quite attentive and we were even offered shots because our food was a little delayed [barely any additional wait but it was nice of them to notice and offer :)] I got a small order of Soy Garlic chicken wings (comes with 14 wings - good deal) and Parmesan truffle fries and both were awesome! My boyfriend seemed to enjoy my wings too because he ended up eating half of them on top of eating his own food (so greedy! - Next time we'll be sure to order a large). Our drinks were great as well, I got the lychee martini and my bf got the apple martini - both super delish and pretty strong. We will def be back very soon.
Made reservations for a group of 12 and they were super accommodating.  Service was very attentive and the ambience was great!  The lychee soju was really yummy as compared to the mango soju.  Ordered platters of spicy and regular chicken wings, dubokki, seafood pancake (average).  Truffle fries and sweet potato fries (the all stars).
So far I tried kalbi, kim chi fried rice I think, seafood pancake, and truffle fries.  Kalbi is the usual, fried rice is decent, seafood pancake is a heart attack...way too much oil...a pool of it...Best thing in this place is truffle fries.Didn't try the drinks yet.Service is decent, food consistency...meh (but truffle fries yummm~)
Chicken was good, atmosphere was pretty good too. Was a little expensive but not too crazy, and overall its a nice place to go.
the food is overall good but way overpriced for wht it is ($18 for an order of chicken gizzards?) ... the wings were good but not over the top better than the next korean chicken joint... the sliders were really good tho...big comfortable space and nice bar. music kinda louder thn necessary but not too bad.. service was good/typical.
Soy garlic fried chicken nothing like bonchon..... more like general tso's. If u r in the mood for loud environ, this place is great. Lots of young college kids hanging out getting drunk. Mad for chicken has far better food and environment.
Their oysters are very fresh. We also had their fried chicken which is ok not a big fan of it. Their quesadillas is quite tasty!! Great service.Loud music & super cold ac!!
The restuarant/bar is located in a busy area. There isn't much parking available, but There are train station and bus stops near by. The Atmosphere is great, and the food is good. ESP their French fries and duringji tang? Food and drinks are on the pricey side. Most korean restuarant are. The Makguli mixes are super amazing! Very refreshing and light. Will def come here again soon.
Good service ,but I would not recommend their chicken wings ,too much flour and too deep fired ..
Finally hv some Korean bbq wings in flushing. Love this Plc. Love the inside decoration . Food is yummy . Highly recommended .
Great food. Truffle fries are great and so is the chicken. Food is quite pricey but worth the trip. They also have a nice bar and the scenery is good.
the environment is pretty nice & cute. ive been here 3 times already & i defiantly will come back more in the future! so far, i tried kimchi fried rice,chicken wings,sliders with pork belly, and fried rice with eggs & beef! (i forgot the names orders) kimchi fried rice: i would defiantly recommend! although it is spicy but tastes good! chicken wings: theyre pretty good! they have flavor but, it is a bit too spicy for me.sliders with pork belly: the pork belly is really good & adding some vegetables to make it less spicy.fried rice with eggs & beef: the egg mixed with the fried rice is super good! & the beef tastes well cooked!
Expensive but great food! Staff is awesome and has a nice atmosphere.
For a place that's supposed to be known for it's Korean Fried Chicken, it did not live up to it's name. For the price, there are many more places that have better quality and larger portions. That being said, the bulgogi quesadilla was delicious. The truffle Parmesan fries were delicious and definitely the highlight of the meal. The service and atmosphere was great. But overall, definitely better korean fried chicken spots in the area.
My wife had 2 friends coming from overseas and she wanted to eat at The COOP, I've never been there for dinner, so I was hoping the service was a lot better than last time during lunch (take out).  Got there at around 8:30PM, got seated right away and started looking at the menu.  We order the 20 pcs chicken wings 1/2 spicy and 1/2 soy sauce garlic, Japchae, Kimchi fried rice, Seafood Jeon and Nurungji Tang.  Everything was very delicious and service was excellent.  During the time the waiter was taking our order, he told us we were ordering too much food, so we didn't order the rice cake dish.  Everybody really enjoy all the dishes and all the waiters were giving us amazing service.  The decor is really nice at the COOP and there weren't many people eating there, since it's a Monday night.  Highly recommended!
I loved the garlic chicken wings and sweet potato fries! The price is reasonable! I'll recommend the place to my friends
I find myself a little more critical with Korean fried chicken spots because there are so many nowadays. Although The Coop is located in downtown Flushing, parking is manageable with the muni lots and random street parking. The location is in a trendy spot among the newer hotels. I came here on the day before Halloween and the decor was very festive! There is ample seating and my party of six was seated immediately. The service here is friendly and quick. We ordered the Bulgogi Quesadilla (conveniently cut into six for us), truffle fries, and the soy garlic chicken wings. In terms of being unique, the Bulgogi Quesadilla wins and was awesome. I have no complaints about the fries or the wings but nothing special to say about them either. I was surprised by the lackluster appetizer spread. Instead of seeing a variety of appetizers like kimchi, salad, etc., we had a tiny dish of pickled raddish for the six of us. Not the end of the world, was just expecting more. All in all, I think its definitely worth trying The Coop out; they offer a variety of other dishes in addition to their selection of chicken. Great atmosphere, good service, average food.
Best service and food! Soy Garlic wings, truffle fries and bibimbap were all delicious!!
Place is bomb. Everything on the menu top to bottom is great if not fantastic. Wings are a must every time. They are out of items sometimes, but haven't been in a while so maybe they are getting better at this aspect. Either way, my girl and I go every chance we get. Blows other chicken/korean establishments in flushing and even in the greater NY area out of the water. They really focus on service too which I like.
The food was delicious, especially the truffle Parmesan fries! The chicken was also good, but could've been better. I liked the little dishes that came with the chicken - it added some nice flavor. The mozzarella sticks were great, and as was everything else we ordered. I highly recommend!
Came here a few times, foods r just average, nothing really special or fancy, it just another typical Korean restaurant in flushing. Make sure u order wings or chicken first, they took forever to make them, even when it's not busy!!!!
This is a nice place to bring friends and sit around some food but the food itself is just OK.. definitly not worth its price if you ask me. There are better korean chicken places around flushing.The atmosphere is nice though. Just not impressed with the food.
My favorite was the seafood spicy stew. Amazing! They also usually give you shots on the house. I celebrated new years eve there. They had a karaoke contest and I won 3rd place! I had a splendid time at this spot :)
Perfect service! Very nice staff all d time ! Love d taco here n yogurt soju is d best'
I would come here every day if I could. Good atmosphere with great food and attentive staff. I've had my car each time so I haven't drank but people seem to enjoy the bar too
The decor is very nice and they have a beautiful bar . They have happy hour for drinks and $1 oysters.  Bulgogi quesadilla and chicken wings are my favorite. Do not order spicy if u cant handle spicy. Their spicy chicken wings are too spicy for me. I couldn't finish just one.
I would come here everyday. The food here are amazing. The wings are just so good.  The truffle fries are just perfect . Nothing bad to say about this place. So happy they made a Korean wing place here in flushing . No need to walk all the way to northern blvd
Was excited for this place but the chicken wings were nothing to rave about. We ordered the 50/50, half soy sauce and half spicy. The soy sauce was a bit bland and the spicy was ... well, extremely spicy. I think Mad for Chicken has better wings. But I did love their bulgogi quesadilla - something different but delicious, and their truffle fries. The truffle fries is a pretty large order AND the fries are super crispy :9 We also ordered budae jjigae and same thing, a bit bland and the serving size is tiny. I'd give it more of a 3.5 stars but not sure if I'd come back.
Like their French fries!worth a try,pretty awesome place with awesome design. Will come back again for girls talk here for sure!
went there once for lady night~ good environment and not bad food.  Could have more choices. anyway, good for gathering~
I went here for New Year's Eve and they had a karaoke night.  Great drinks, the staff was super nice, they offered us free shots.  Now on to the food- loved their Parmesan truffle fries and their wings.  In genera all of their appetizers are amazing, can't really go wrong.  Where I did go wrong was order the mozzarella cheese rice dish.  Their appetizers are great, the main dishes not so much. But I still recommend it.
I always come here for their bulgogi quesadilla & their spicy pork belly sliders! Also, instead of fries on the side, ask for the TRUFFLE FRIES. THEY ARE THE BOMB!
I came here with friends one night just for drinks. The bartenders were very nice and attentive. The restaurant was pretty busy, although we didn't eat we had a great time and love the place would love to come back and try some food one day.
Actually I wanna give them 3and half star. But their waitress r mad wired. In the beginning, they gave us the menu and we just checking on it, one waitress came and ask us to order. Im just curious what needed to be hurry? After we ordered, I requested for her to leave one menu on the table, she is like no because she is afraid the menu will get dirty lol. The wing are actually pretty good especially the soy garlic wings, but the spicy one are really spicy so be aware. Overall a good place to hang out with friends!!!!
Fun asian style fried chicken.  $1 oyster Happy hours and a mod-hip vibe.  Another reason not to trek into the "City" for food.
Came here for a friend's birthday. We reserved a table for a party of 10. They split us up into 2 tables at first. But we all wanted to sit together and socialize, so we asked to be switched to a bigger table. They were very accommodating and was able to do that. You get a free drink if you check in on Yelp! of course, I took up that opportunity :)The food is OK. The chicken wings were good, nice and crispy and had good flavors. We also had the octopus, the Korean stews and a variety of foods. The Kalbi we ordered was dry and over cooked, we ordered 3. They were very nice and switched it to the bulgogi for us. The bulgogi tastes a lot better!The spicy seafood stew was tasty and SPICY! But that is coming from someone that can't handle too much spice.Overall, the service and the atmosphere is good. The prices are more on the pricier end.
Flushing needs more late night places like this!!! Love the seafood soups. They're always good for sharing for at least 2 people and the pitcher soju cocktails are good for 2+ or just one, if you're greedy haha
The food was pretty good. I loved the truffle fries and the wings. It took a while for all the food to come out though but the overall experience was not bad. The bartender kept flirting with my friend though which was a bit uncomfortable (for him) and humorous for us and his girlfriend. If you want something spicy the kimchi fried rice will do it.
The 3 stars are given based on ambiance, food, and service. I will definitely touch upon cleanliness!Ambiance: this restaurant/bar is dim and modern. Most of the restaurants within this building of Hyatt Hotel are modern and trendy. They definitely let you feel like you transported out of Chinatown and into Manhattan. They have TV's therefore its a pretty nice place to just hang out and watch music videos that DO NOT go with the music they are playing. I was listening to an upbeat Rihanna song and the music video was a sad Korean song, haha it was very weird. It is very obvious their target is the young professionals and college students. The tables were places closely together, but I guess they had to in order to make enough seatings. The tables for 2 were pretty small, and you are seated on benches so "DO NOT LEAN BACK, YOU WILL FALL", which is weird at a bar because if anyone gets drunk then they are definitely tipping over, this is where they lost some points for me. Overall the ambiance is trendy and welcoming.Food: I tried the quesadilla, half and half wings (spicy/sweet), and the spicy pork belly. The quesadilla was decent, not great or terrible, but extremely moderate. This is where they lost some points with me too. I feel like they could have done more to make it flavorful and excite my tastebuds. They placed it on a white plate with a dip, but since the quesadilla was small, you see a lot of the plate. Maybe they could have used a smaller plate to save space on the small tables. The wings were crisp on the outside, juicy on the inside, moist and flavorful. I think they did a good job on the wings although I have had places that made it better. But its worth trying and going back for if you are in the area. Out of the three I was most satisfied with the Spicy pork belly. It was made very well, better than many places. They serve plenty of pork belly, if you order rice on the side, you will definitely feel full or satisfied in the end. Although this is a korean restaurant, keep in mind it is a bar, therefore they wouldn't give you many small side dishes people might expect. This is definitely worth trying and going back for. Service: Once you enter you will be warmly greeted and quickly seated. They are attentive and make sure to keep your cups filled with water or tea. They come around to check on you in a non-annoying way. The water is pre-soaked with lemons, which is great because I always enjoyed lemons in my water. The service wasn't wonderful, but it was good enough.The major reason i took away one whole star from the rating, is due to cleanliness. I had a dirty cup, I didn't notice until my boyfriend placed the candle right by my glass cup. That was when I noticed lots of watermarks, and stains. I felt disgusted after. Our spoons had dry rice stuck on it, and my boyfriends plate had some black things stuck to it, I tried to clean it instead of bothering them for a new plate, but the black thing didn't come off, it smeared all over. We were kind of turned off by this and decided to just eat everything the best we can and hope we do not get sick afterwards. Overall, I would recommend coming here with friends to just hang out and try a dish or so, but do not bring you date here. In case you come across dirty plates and utensils, you might not get a second date. haha...
Best Korean friend chicken in queens. Amazing service and excellent food. Servers are very friendly and if you go in a group they give some appetizers on the house.
Came here with a party of 10. Considering I've been to mad for chicken plenty of times for their perfectly cooked soy garlic wings, I did not expect much. I've been to numerous spots for their soy garlic and it was always a disappointment. This spot is actually comparable. Nice atmosphere. Even gave us complementary shots. The spicy wings are not as spicy as most places, so I definitely recommend. Truffle fries are on point. It's at a convenient location just across the street from 66. Coming back soon!
Enjoyed an excellent late nite post theatre meal on the rear patio of this great restaurant. The service was quite good and the food excellent.
Overall I will give them 3 starts. We ordered two dozens of oysters, oysters are very fresh. The wings are alright, spicy wings are decent; garlic wings are like regular chicken wing, doesn't taste like garlic.I will give them -100 start for their seafood pancake.
everything here was mediocre.  restaurant/bar design was decent but the food was a bit of a disappointment.  We asked to replace the regular size of fries with the truffle fries (how the heck do you eat all those fries of the side fries are mandated as part of the order? ! what a waste of potato) and offered to pay more but the waitress and manager refused... not very accommodating.
For the past few times here,  I ordered the chicken and I love love love the taste. The spicy is so spicy and perfectly tangles my taste buds. The sweet potato fries is perfectly cooked and I love the blue cheese that comes with it.  Truffle fries is amazing too and I love the cheese sauce.
The food here is amazing. Particularly the fried chicken! Drinks are really awesome too! Must visit if you are in Flushing!
Best wings in Flushing. Happy hour oysters. I like the bossam as well. One of the few places in Flushing you can watch the game, have a drink and have good food. The space is new, modern, and has a western bar/restaurant layout which you won't find in many places in Flushing.
Once again loved the food!! Short ribs sooo good. The oysters are top shelf !! So sweet and fresh. The owner ken introduced himself and seemed attentive to customer satisfaction. He even comp us a round of shots because of our postive feed back on the food. His dedication  will ensure consistent Quality!! nice guy!!
I came here on a friend's insistent recommendation and I wasn't disappointed. I brought my boyfriend here for our first date and it was perfect! The service is friendly, the bar is well stocked, and best of all: while the menu is varied, you really just can't go wrong with whatever you pick. We ended up having their wings and the special fries with a bottle of soju. The food came out pretty quickly and it tasted delicious. The portions were sizeable too as we ended up having to take some to go (really can't be wasting wings like those). The noise level is comfortable, the environment is chic,  and the owners are really sweet. I'd definitely come back again!
We order the half and half fried chicken.  It's really crispy and has a lot of flavor. The Parmesan truffle fries and pork belly marinated in a spicy sauce.
The not-so-hidden gem in flushing. The restaurant is honestly a breathe of fresh air. It isn't just your everyday Korean food and it is a nice break from all the Chinese options you come across at every corner. You will feel as if you left Flushing for a moment and entered a cute restaurant in the city. This is the only restaurant in Flushing that serves $1 FRESH OYSTERS during happy hours. Yes...HAPPY HOUR...which is pretty uncommon in Flushing to begin with. From wings to oysters to a variety of amazing cocktails, this is definitely the place to be from 4PM-7PM (M-F).Everything on their menu is unique and yummy in your tummies, but here are my TOP 3 (besides the wings/oysters) that you must try during your first visit, and trust me- it won't be your last.1. Bulgogi Quesadilla: A MUST. I am sure you've already read enough reviews about this. People are not lying. This is the bomb. This is the one dish I always get. It is perfect for one person. If your goal is to try multiple things on the menu, I would recommend getting this to share. 2. Mozzarella Fondue: HEAVEN IN YOUR MOUTH. I didn't really know what to expect when I ordered this. The combination of melted mozzarella cheese & sweet pumpkin just seemed like a weird combo to me since I've never a huge fan of mixing sweet and savory. However, this was the perfect combination in my opinion.3. Jogae Tang: WORTH IT. TRY IT. YOU WON'T REGRET IT. It's not just your simple clam soup. First off, it is huge so definitely share it with someone. Let this be a warning- they are not cheap with their clams.... or the veggies. I am actually more in love with the soup itself. The soup is so refreshing and tasty. It honestly goes perfectly with everything you order.
I really liked this place. Well priced and the vibe is relaxed and fun. Would definitely recommend.
Go during happy hour! $1 oysters and $3 draught beer! Nothing can go wrong with that!
Feels like sitting in the Manhattan Restaurant and Bar...Excellent Waiter, Waitress, Bartender and Wonderful Food!!! I'll go back to this place within this week. Two Thumbs Up!!!
Overpriced for a strange or unique dining experience. Food is unique, a mishmash of Korean and American dishes. The service is great, but you're paying a premium for ambiance, which isn't anything special. I like the place but they're off on their pricing, it's not close to a fine dining experience but a casual dinner for two will run you close to a hundred dollars and the seating isn't exactly very roomy.
This is a great place to dine with friends. Comfortable and fun atmosphere. The food is excellent and the service is even better. Kimchi Egg Roll is very good. Blue Point Oysters are great too. Oysters are apparently $1 each during happy hour.
I didnt know this place existed until my friend took me here. It was a very casual place. Not loud or not quiet. The portion of foods werent bad. My favorite food here was truffle fries!
Came here last night (Sunday) at around 8:00 PM, as expected we were seated immediately. Staff gave us the menu - went through it we know what we wanted after 2-3 minutes of sitting down. Staff were passing by, handing out food to everyone else around us and not one of them offered us a glass of water or asked if we were ready. I told my boyfriend, I'll give this place about 5 more minutes since he really wanted to try the wings then we'll leave. After 10-11 mins of being seated and waiting, someone finally came to us and asked if we were ready. Wings were delicious! Sliders and quesadillas were also good - giving them 3 stars for the staff.
Besides the happy hour deal, their stuff is way over priced for the quality of the food. I have tasted better Korean chicken wings before that cost way less. Their kimchee fried rice was unpleasant to be honest. You can get better and cheaper kimchee fried rice at any other Korean restaurant in the local area. The only thing you're paying for is the ambience. They have a great interior, but I wish the food was just as amazing. However their service is really great, nothing to complain about.
My favorite late night to go restaurant! Their chicken wings and gratin are so addicting!! Their staff is really friendly, but they don't really refill water until you ask. Their portion for the seafood soup and budae jigae is small, definitely not enough for a big group. Their drinks are good.
This is a relatively new place in flushing, so I came here to try it out. Overall, I was quite disappointed by the food. The ambiance follows suit to most LES bars/restaurants and the service level is on par. I had ordered the following items:1.  Gratin - "Stir fried rice topped with a mozzarella cheese béchamel sauce choice of grilled meat kimchi / bulgogi". Doesn't this sound amazing?!? I wanted to like it but I thought the execution of this dish was tactless. I think the main issue was the ratio of the mozzarella cheese relative to the rice and kimchi or bulgogi. It was literally like eating a bowl of cheese. If you are into just eating cheese, this dish would be for you. But instead of a 4:1 ratio, I would request to have less cheese and more rice and bulgogi, or at least a better ratio to equate to that perfect balance. 2. Bulgogi Quesadilla - I thought this was very bland. I had to add flavor to this with additional condiments. The flavors were underwhelming. I couldn't taste the bulgogi as it was overpowered by the cheese and flour. I would recommend adding bits of kimchi to give this a kick. 3. The Coop Wings - Half Spicy / Half Garlic: Nothing amazing. On par with most of the korean style chicken places (Mad for chicken, kyochon etc). For awesome wings, I would recommend debasaki.Disclaimer: My experience was based on this sample population of dishes. I haven't tried their other dishes and those may be a hit.
The Coop has good chicken wings and makgeolli (traditional rice wine), two things Koreans cannot get wrong.  The ambiance is geared toward upwardly-mobile trend-setters who like to spend money and hang out in cool places.  In the evening, the music and general noise level can be very loud.  The waiters are attentive, but may not get to your table if the place is crowded. Would definitely recommend to all the young hipsters moving into Flushing.
Expensive but good! Convient that it's right next to my favorite bar. Chicken  was spicy!
I ordered the soy sauce chicken and the truffle fries today. Ordered three orders of the 12pc chicken and two orders of the fries for six people. It was definitely enough and the total was around $78(including a $10 tip). Great ambience too and would 100% recommend this place
My husband and I visited The Coop during a foodie weekend in Flushing in July.  We had soju bombs, bulgogi sliders with fries and Korean Chicken wings.  The service from Jacob was fantastic, the restaurant is very clean and convenient.  The food was delicious but the soju bombs were the star!!  We definitely will go back and share with friends!
Came here because they were handing out $20 coupons in front of skyview mall. Their wings are pretty standard Korean fried chicken wings (like Bonchon), but super tasty nonetheless. The spicy wings are actually spicy (I love Szechuan food and these wings were hot..) and I enjoyed the soy garlic wings very much. Their truffle Parmesan fries were good, but order this to share because the taste gets tiring after a while (ordered this for 2 people with huge appetites and it was still too much for us)! Their whole chickens are okay, I really enjoyed it but some parts were a little too burnt (bitter) and maybe a tad bit greasy. I've been craving this lately, but it's so expensive so...Overall pretty good! The servers were also attentive and multilingual!
By far one if the best finds in flushing and it's new! Just went this week and love the new commercial buildings here in flushing. First of all besides the great location for any foodie to stumble upon, the decor and atmosphere is great. I love the dark tones in colors when you walk in. It gives the place a nice cooling feel and very casual but very neat and organized set up. The staff is really friendly and super on top of things. They are very well versed and quick paced and observant. The music adds to the place, very popping music. The food now the food is the best part! You have to go for the wings! All my friends love them and as a person who does not eat meat only seafood I almost caved after 7 years for those wings...so goooooo! The kimchi shaghetti is really tasty and the sweet potato fries and truffle fries are made to perfection and the speciality sauses are really great! The oysters are one dollar each during happy hour and super clean arererendnd delicious!
Good food, drinks and its affordable. Nice little spot in downtown flushing. Used the check in deal and order a free mojito(a tad TOO sweet but other than that it was on point)
The waitresses and bartenders have the best service I've experienced thus far. They are very attentive to my party of people. They have great upbeat music to listen to. I kind of wish they got rid of the tables in the middle to allow dancing to make it into a club or something hahaa. But I would definitely recommend this place for anyone wanting to have lunch or dinner, or to just drink.
This is my new favorite restaurant in Flushing. What makes this place stand up as oppose to other restaurants in Flushing is the amazing service. This place is super clean, the wait staff pays superb attention to your needs, and the food is great.I think everyone can enjoy the chicken and fries here. They only have four beers on draft, but at least they have Guinness (many Asian venues do not have Guinness because they don't know anything about beer).The ambience is great. A lot of Korean pop music, very enjoyable whether you're Korean or not. The place is very trendy and beautiful.Great for a group of friends or family. I highly recommend this to anyone.
the waitress and bartender are super friendly. the food is great and the atmosphere is so relaxing. the interior is really nice. they have a projector to show music videos on the walls!!!!! I love this place and I definitely would reccomend and come again :)
location: EH... i don't like the fact that it is in FLUSHING FLUSHING... its annoying to walk to let alone find parking..atmosphere: pretty cute... food: didn't get into the complicated menu and went with the kimchi fried rice and whole chicken.. my bf made his mission to finish the whole chicken... he did... he said it was pretty good but reminded him of the KFC grilled chicken.. LOLthe kimchi fried rice was good... i would def. get it againit was happy hour and the price was confusing...the regular menu offers 12 piece chicken wings... i forgot the price.. but the happy hour menu offered 6 piece wings for half the price of the regular menu... (not really a deal)Beers were on point... everything was served cold and not some lukewarm beeri'd probably come back and try the rest of the menu... i probably won't come during the weekends though since its hard to get to unless you are walking a distance..my tip- don't drive and you will have a blast :)
My time spent at the coop was a reunion accompanied with some of the most important people in my life so it was hard not to have a good time. The bar was very generous in giving us complementary soju bombs, which made the oysters taste even better. Plus the wings were good, def worth the wait. Check this place out
So I've been here twice and each time its been phenomenal. The staff is young and friendly. The food is great, I must say hands down the best wings I've ever tasted ever and the sweet potato fries are unbelievably awesome. Not only is the food and drinks great but the location and atmosphere is are great as well.
I would go to this place twice in a week if I could.  Their wings?  Awesome!  Their bulgogi quesadilla?  Amazing! I also recommend the truffle fries if you're really hungry.  The service has always been great whether you sat at the bar or at a table.  They even gave us free shots twice out of the 3 times I've been there.  (Don't go expecting that, just be grateful if they offer it.)  But overall I gotta say, that I've found my new wing spot.  Oh did I mention that they're open late everyday?
Bartender was so bar. He didn't take care me at whole time because there is hot girl who sat on the other side. I waited for my food to wrapping it up. I was so upset his service
I ordered the soy garlic chicken, spicy rice cakes, budae jigae (a/k/a army stew), and truffle fries with my friends. Everything was delicious and was to my liking except the spicy rice cakes. The rice cakes was the problem. It appeared as if it was frozen and defrosted quickly, which made it to be over cooked. But, the sauce and the sesame leaf was fine. The service was friendly and had a nice atmosphere. Prices were reasonable. The only reason why this didn't get a five star was because there is nothing that makes them special or distinguishes them from other places. Currently, there are so many places like this in flushing and ktown (32nd St.).... For example...In the event, my friend said lets go to x place instead of here. I wouldn't disagree and just say "okay". Why not make my friend happy? They are all the same.
The nicest restaurant in down town flushing. I love to go there with girls. The boss is very nice. Especially the bartender, he makes good drinks. I go there at least 2 times week. Always sit at the bar. Awesome place to hangout!!!
My bf and i was looking a good place to drink and stay low. Zebra was closed but we remembered tjat it was 1/2 off happy hr @CoOp so here we are. Ordered a sex on the beach and white russian. We needed a snack and ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries. OMG!!! THEY ARE TO DIE FOR! SO AMAZING. They give you two dipping sauce but good fries dont need dipping sauce.
I got a flyer last week while jn Flushing and decided to have lunch here today. It's 2 blocks away from the 7 train Main Street stop, in a brand new complex off Prince Street. They did a nice job with the space. Modern but not stuffy; I can see it as a late day hangout or casual dinner place. Lunchtime was quiet. The food was well executed. We had the truffle fries, bulgogi quesadilla and a large order of wings. The generous portion of fries were perfectly fried and seasoned. The quesadilla was filled with yummy beef; they did not skimp on the filling. The fried chicken wings were delicious. We got the large order of 20 and they were nice to let us have just 6 of those as spicy. The spicy was not too spicy - just a slight heat and didn't numb your taste buds. We really liked the garlic soy flavor on the rest of our order. The wings were crispy and lightly sauced outside and the inside was still moist. Everything we had was perfectly cooked. Give this place a try if you are up for an more upscale Korean gastro pub place in downtown Flushing.
Liked the cheap beers during happy hours.  Kimchi fried rice and the wings were great.
The service is like SUPER bad, not feel welcomed. If it hadn't  have been for the good/tasty food, I would have rated it a one-star. In general, just simply                                 BAD
I have never written a review before, but I feel that I must share on this.  Part of the dining experience is the attention to detail and service; I know this because I've spent the better part of my life in the service industry.  I hate to say it, but the food, albeit a bit overpriced, was actually quite delicious.  However, the overall experience left me never wanting to come back especially with all the other chicken places in flushing.I came for lunch with my girlfriend.  The menu was limited, but that's fine because I hate menus with a lot of options anyways.  Everything sounded good, but that was about the only good part of my lunch.  First miscue, I had to flag down a waiter to take our order.  I got the chicken special (can't have both soy garlic and spicy wings) and she had the bulgogi quesadilla, both came with drinks.  Second miscue, the guiness I ordered tasted sour, like either the keg went bad or the taps weren't cleaned.  My girlfriend found a fruitfly swimming in her soda!  Her food comes out, tasted pretty good and I was excited for mine.  I sit around for about 30 minutes, still no food while I watch others around me get theirs.  Mind you, in any normal restaurant the food of a table should come out together, AND when you see someone sitting at a table without food in front of them, shouldn't one of waitstaff think something is wrong?  I had to flag down a waiter to ask and he mumbled something like an apology then ran to get back and magically came out with my food right away.  Expecting wings with special dipping sauce and fries, I got overfried wings with ketchup and cold fries.  I angrily ate my wings, left the fries, and got the hell out. Needless to say, I won't be back any time soon.
I have ordered from them from flushingfood.com and their chicken were amazing so I decided to go to their store to try their other foods. Ordered a bulgogi gratin, which was good, a bit sweet because of the sauce. Their seafood jeon was pretty good. The seafood was very fresh. Their truffle fries was good and considering that it was an appetizer the amount of fries up get is amazing. The bulgogi quasadilla was pretty good. Overall the food was good, the only reason I gave it a four star was because upon arrival the waiter didn't give us water, we had to ask for some.
really great korean wings! definitely delicious, even with reheating them they were nice and had a great crispy bite to them. the quality of the meat was good too. prices were reasonable and the guy taking my take out order was very friendly. definitely worth a try!
Came here with my girlfriend on a Sunday night. The place had very nice decor including a cool projection screen off the wall which was pretty fun to watch. the staff was very mindful and courteous. The drinks were on point aka not watered down and tasty!! The wings were amazing. I'll definitely recommend this place to others!
The food is okay, but the service is really good! We had a really nice birthday party!!! Probably going back very often~~~
It's really sad to say but I won't be coming back after the first time I came. The only upside to this place is that yes the waiters are very friendly and the feel of the restaurant is very nice but in terms of food you probably could get better wings somewhere else. My boyfriend and I ordered very simple with just a  seafood pancake and 12 wings half soy garlic and half spicy. The seafood pancake was mediocre, it was literally full of scallion and there were only a few pieces of seafood. I wished there was more seafood in the seafood pancake. The wings were okay but as I said before you probably could get better somewhere else like dbsk or mad for chicken.
We always come on weekdays for the happy hour. Oysters are wonderful and completely worth it. I normally don't eat oysters because I've been fated to disgusting slimy ones but not here. The mussels here are very clean and fresh. $1 mussels during happy hour is a blessing. Good price on the draft beers during HH. Too bad some of the waiters don't even know what they have on draft, which is strange since their draft menu doesn't change.Chicken wings were unfortunately pretty average. Not very flavorful and the chicken was kind of hard. The other chicken places are better, which is disappointing since there's finally a chicken place in downtown Flushing. That happy hour deal on the wings isn't even a deal. Same price as the regular menu except you can order half the portion. Overall, everything is overpriced compared to the portions. The bulgogi gratin is good but it loses flavor after a few bites since it's mostly just the cheese on top giving it flavor. The kimchi fried rice is bland, although I'm not surprised since their kimchi is flavorless itself (kimchi comes with the gratin). The bossam was decent with a good portion for its price compared to everything else.The decor is beautiful but the seating is not comfortable. We always come as just the two of us so we get the tiny tables on the side. There's not enough space. These two-seater tables are placed too close together. You'll bump into the person sitting behind you if anyone tries to get up.  With the last two-seater, there's a larger table for 6(?) behind it. They literally had to climb over my seat to get to their seats. The two-seater tables themselves are too small. It's a problem if all of our food doesn't even fit on the table and I have to worry about knocking things over.Funny that the wall projection videos don't match the songs that are playing. Makes for some interesting dubovers.Service isn't the greatest, at least earlier in the day when they're not super busy. The waiters are off on the side chatting. It might be slow but you should at least still pay attention to your customers as you are chatting. Then they'll walk past the table to take care of one task, not paying attention to their surroundings. Shouldn't have to flag a waiter down for water when that glass has been empty on our table for 15 minutes. Or install those call buttons.The decor, HH beer prices + oysters are their saving grace at this point.
Nice place to hang out with friends with some beer. Their fried chicken wings are AMAZING!! Must get!! I will definitely be back to try the other food.
Very nice place, brand new and clean inside, serves good. The wings are best, I will come back soon.
Nice place. Bulgogi quesadilla taste great. Sweet and spicy chicken is a bit too sweet. Might try spicy and hot one next time
good taste of the food; the chicken wing combo with half and half, truffle fires and the hot pot of special cooking, and you have to try cocktail named forest. however, the waiters kind of busy, no don't notice you call them so 4 point out of 5.
Came on a Sat nite but not packed. In fact it was quite empty. Service was attentive. Food was good.
I had great time with my friend. Nice area, delicious food and modern hip interior...feels like middle of Manhattan pub.
Great food! Wings were excellent, as well as all the other dishes we tried. Great friendly wait staff and nice atmosphere within restaurant. Highly recommend!
Great ambiance, fun and young crowd!  The wings are wonderfully spiced.  We never had soju and our table enjoyed the peach soju pitcher.  Will definitely come back.
Love the happy hour drinks. The food is decent, nothing too extraordinary but we really like the ambience.
Foods arent overpriced given the reason that it sits next to the Hotel.Impressed by the beef quesadilla,its the must try. Didnt expect too much for traditional korean dishes but they turned out to be better than the fried chicken.For the same price you would get 1/3 more portion of chicken if you go to m** f* c******, and the latter tastes better.
Flushing development is pretty interesting and here at One Fulton Square you have three levels of restaurants connected by outdoor walkways inside a two building hotel and condo complex. It's the sort of thing that if I came upon it in Manhattan I might roll my eyes and mutter about gentrification but it seems like exactly what Flushing and Queens more generally need. Nice looking Chinese, Japanese, Malaysian and Korean restaurants and a rooftop cocktail bar make you feel like you're in a contemporary Asian city as opposed to other parts of Flushing that feel more like a time capsuled emigrant's memory of their home country circa 1980. In other words, the Coop feels a little more upscale and stylish than the average Korean restaurant on 32nd or Northern. There are no gigantic pictures of the food served on the outside walls; and Recent Kpop videos play projected on a wall inside. My wife and I thought all the food was good--not spectacular but really high quality meats nicely prepared. We liked the wings, the pork belly and octopus and the spicy rice cakes. The service is really attentive and professional.
Absolutely stellar customer service. The waiter knew the menu very well & explained everything. The happy hour is also extremely cheap. The food is a bit spicy but they give you plenty of side radishes & side dishes. Would come back again in a heartbeat
I came here with two girlfriends and we ordered a boodaejjigae, half spicy/ half garlic wings, whole spicy marinated chicken. Yes, we were starving. Portions were pretty big especially the jjigae. We only finished the wings and a bit of jjigae and chicken. Their wings were very tasty and crunchy but whole marinated chicken was kinda soggy. Boodaejjigae was a little bit blend. I am still giving this place 4 stars because their customer service was awesome. It was quite busy the night we went and the waiter forgot to bring us a can sprite we ordered. He later came back apologized for forgetting the order and not only did he bring us our sprite, he also brought us free shots of drinks. We received another round of free shots of raspberry gummy bear vodka (?) with another waiter or manager of the place and it was really really good. I thought it was great that these servers come around and check on the customers about their service. This place is very trendy and hip which is not easy to find in Flushing. I will come back to try some other dish here and def gonna order their wings again.
Coop is a new, fun, and trendy place! We went there to watch a Mets game, which they broadcasted from their projector onto their wall. The waitstaff were super friendly and attentive. They were engaging with our group and really wanted us to be comfortable and have a fun time. We ordered Chicken Wings (tasty!), Ribs Fondue (interesting concept, the cheese was great for dipping fries) and Parmesan Truffle Fries (the best and a must-try!). I think we ordered 4 plates of truffle fries because we could not stop eating it. LOL. We've told all our friends to try it out, and I highly recommend for you to give it a shot if you're in the area and looking for a cool, clean, and fun spot to chill at with your friends.. I only recommend adding more TVs to attract sports-fanatics looking for a fun place to hang-out with friends and buy a ton of food/drinks!
I came here late night. Which btw the hrs of operation is great. I had the parmesian fries. Pretty good, but the chicken wasn't anything out of this world. I prefer mad for chicken.
Great ambiance and vibe. Dollar oysters (happy hour 3-6) in flushing! I come here primarily for the bar after work and bartender Min is great. Friendly and hardworking staff on the floor as well. I love having Viniq and rumchata here. Not many (if any) bars carry these two liqueurs in the area.
good for a big groups of friend who drink and eat. food is excellent. service is great.
I went for my bday dinner few days ago with my friends , I loved the place. Food was amazing . I loved the truffle permasian fries most and other food were amazing!!!and last thing they gave a freeee shot on the house!!!will go again!!!
I came here on new years eve with my fiance and 2 of my other friends. We came early around 530. Place was not too packed at the moment. Waiters were nice and the ambience inside was pretty nice. We were able to order from the happy hour menu. It ends at 6. We ordered 12 oysters, they were $1 each, 18 soy garlic chicken wings, seafood pancake and truffle parmesan fries. I had a glass of wine and with a check in you can get a free drink. The wings were pretty good, but kind of small compared to other chicken places. Fries were delicious. The oysters were very good. They were quite big and juicy. I was surprised to find that kind of quality in flushing. Would definetly go back to get oysters next time. The seafood pancake was not good. We had to let the waiter know. It tasted very fishy and powdery. We asked to switch to a different dish. At first they said they will recook it to make it more crispy. But we were like ehhh we don't want it. Waiter than called his manager over. He then allowed us to switch to something else. We ordered the bulgogi quesadilla. That tasted so much better. The bulgogi was juicy and not dry. So overall I'd say the place and food wasn't too bad. I would recommend this place.
Awesome food. Great truffle fries! I love their dipping sauce! Love the wings so crispy and flavorful. Great service would def go back
Food was delicious. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our waiter wish I knew his name was fantastic. Surprised wait staff like this exists in Flushing.
i was sick when i came here and i had the clam soup. it was pretty good and really good with rice. the chicken was mediocre compared to debasaki or kyochon or mad for chicken. my thoughts of this place might change if i try it again but the other people i was with also thought it was okay.
I had previously visited this location with my friend and was please with the food. I decided to invite my family on 7/28/16. Once again I was please with the food and my family enjoyed it. It was not until I finished paying the bill that I was disappointed. The waitress Jinjoo approached me as I was leaving the restaurant asking me if I was please with the service. I told her yes and she stated that it was part of the restaurants policy to asked if we were pleased given that I didn't provided her with 15% of tip. When requested by my sister to show the policy, she refrained from saying it was a policy and said that the tip had to be split with three people. I have gone to so many restaurants and never was I asked to provide tip for all staff members. I asked to speak with the manager and was told that he or she would not be there until the evening. I received a phone call from Joseph saying that the manager would contact me the next day. I am still waiting. I will never come back here again. I felt harassed for just provided 12% of tip, if the 15% is preferred than it should be part of the bill. I will also tell my friends not to come here anymore.
4star for the ambiance.food wise. there are better ones out there in flushing
actually a positive 3, but 2 because it's overrated on Yelponly oysters and some drinks are worth it for happy hournice dim atmosphere with questionable pop music tastefriendly service
All of the employees were extremely kind and attentive. The food was delicious and the happy hour prices were great. We weren't expecting the spicy chicken to "actually" be spicy (coming from a Korean) but they were delicious. The chicken wings were the perfect crispiness and basically amazing. Although slightly on the expensive side, I would say the ambiance of the restaurant and the really good customer service makes it worth it.
Was so glad that there was finally a place IN Flushing that had Korean-style chicken, instead of having to take another bus to go somewhere on Northern Blvd or in Bayside for that. Love the decor and ambiance of the place. Service is also great, their workers greet you as soon as you walk in and are pretty attentive. Have been here so many times because I love the food. MUST try the bulgogi quesadilla and the TRUFFLE FRIES. So good. Of course, you can't fail with the chicken as well. Personally, I always like coming for the budae jiggae also. Definitely big enough serving to feed a couple of people. Can't forget about the drinks, too. They have a menu of mixed cocktails but they're also pretty willing to make whatever else you might ask for that isn't specifically on the menu, which I really like. I always go for either the red sangria or the mango mojito. I'll come at any time, whether it be a quiet Sunday afternoon or a busy Friday night or for happy hour. Really can't go wrong with this place :)
