This was my first time trying this type of cuisine and I was pretty excited! I've had Sichuan food before (I've been to Chengdu) and I'm definitely a spice/numbing queen. We came here for a birthday dinner and we were seated at one of the best tables of the house (by the windows on the second floor). The staff was so friendly and accommodating when they knew it was for a birthday dinner! The menu was a bit hard to understand (if you don't speak or understand Chinese) since the English descriptions are very limited. However, I was with very knowledgeable Chinese folks so make sure you befriend one before coming here! We decided on getting two hot pot dishes. One was a numbing spice frog dish and the other one was a sour fish dish. I personally liked the numbing frog dish but everyone else seemed to like the fish one better. We also got the mango juice tower complimentary of ordering $100+ worth of food. This place also gives you a plastic bag so you can store your jackets without the smell of the place!
Love the place for its new fusion of modern Chinese food. I had the seafood pot. Is crab shack pot boil but with Chinese spices and flavors. You can request mild upon request. I did notice a dish with Bull frog, to my appetite for new and bold I had the frog leg as a side. You have sides of grilled corn, grilled buns!!! Chicken wings , grilled squid, and the frog among others. Their main dishes are for two people, giving single person or a solo adventurer having to pay for two. Is why I give it 4 stars instead of 5. I almost gave it a three. They should expand their menu for solo flyers. On the other hand I was given a huge pitcher of sparkling water with passion fruit. It's given for free If one volunteers for a review on yelp. Which I happily implied and was rewarded with is freshness. It was refreshing due to some of their plates being spicy. To end I was given a black tea with jelly. Is a first for me, almost like cinnamon tea at some Korean restaurants or green tea at other places. Complimentary. The waiter was friendly in explaining the dishes and the experience.
Great authentic addition to the main flushing area. Awesome service and free soda if you scan the QR code on WeChat. We had lunch on a Saturday (they open at 12) which meant that we avoided the evening crowds. We ordered the original house spicy tofu flavor with the $55 fish option (some kind of bass, which had very little bones). You can do any combination of 4 side items for $8, we went with chinese veggies, green bean vermicelli, seaweed, and lotus root. They gave generous portions buried in the hot sauce. You can add an side order at the end, which we did with the veggies.They help you shift the burners on the bottom but parts of the hot sauce does get congealed. It also gets very spicy the longer it cooks, so if you're not used to Sichuan spicy, opt for the mild options. Will definitely come back and try other flavors of fish.Also tried the bbq squid, which had too much of the cumin flavor and was too chewy.
HOT SPACE GRILLED FISH! A hot displacement of Sentosa, which used to occupy this address. Hot Space is a good spot for a small group to share a meal. The concept: giant chafing trays of Szechuan-style "stews," brought to a simmer right at your table. Each dish feeds 3-4 people and runs $50-60. You choose the protein, the flavor/sauce, and the add-ons. Proteins are mostly fish, but there was at least one vegetarian-friendly option. Each flavor/sauce has spiciness level indicated. $2.50 for each add-on (tofu, greens, mushrooms, etc.), or choose any 4 for $8. $1 per bowl of rice. Mark your selections on the menu yourself. We chose:a) barramundi (their softest fish and the one with the least pinbones), b) in "spicy hot grilled fish tofu pudding" flavor, which just means silken tofu is included,c) with add-ons: asparagus lettuce, woodear mushroom, konnyaku, and napa cabbage.The "spicy hot grilled fish tofu pudding" is designated their spiciest flavor, with 2 little chili icons. But our server ranked it 5-6 on a scale of 1-10. That was spot-on: it really was not spicy, in either the 麻 (numbing spice) or the 辣 (capsaicin spice) department.Service was attentive, with 3 servers separately asking us how things were, explaining menu options, etc. When we asked them to leave the chafing fuel lit so our food stayed hot, they explained that they didn't want the fish to overcook, but still entertained our preferences. One server took us through the rigmarole of choosing our "free" fruit juice, served in a beer tower. Only when he asked for our WeChat did we realize this was a promotion they were doing for WeChat users only. I'm not a 20-year-old Chinese person, so no WeChat and no mango juice for us. Is the food tastier here than other Szechuan restaurants (most of which serve pots of fish cooked in fiery chili broth)? No... but it DOES look cooler on a giant tray taking up all the table space, and the fish IS generous and fresher than the boneless/skinless slabs you get at many Szechuan spots. They did not oversalt, either, which is hard to find. Three cheers for Hot Space!
Five star food and five star service all the way! Our favorite restaurant for spicy crabs and stir fried cauliflower. We're addicted (Literally) !!!
Do not come here to eat, once you tried you'll be hooked to their additive hot space sauce and now I have to go there to eat every 3-4 days, not a healthy choice but the food is delicious
Located right in the center of the Flushing BID (Business Improvement District), Hot Space Grilled Fish is one of the newest addition of Asian cuisine into the area. Without further ado, let's get right into business.Restaurant: Great vibe, two floors of dining space. We sat at the second floor and the space has a large TV covering the entire wall playing various music videos (Chinese and English mainly). I was actually informed by a staff that we can add songs to the mix as there was a computer screen next to the restroom similar to ones you find in KTV. Lighting was sufficient and table spacing did not seem to be an issue.Staff: Very attentive. To start off, they offer a giant plastic bag to put our jackets in so that the smell of the food does not seem into our clothes. Definitely a great gesture that other restaurants with heavy smells can learn from! Our waitress ran us through the menu as it was our first time dining at the restaurant. Throughout the entirety of the meal, we've had various staff members refill our waters, stop by to ask about our food, as well as refill our fish's broth level.Food: The main attraction here is obviously the fish. They have three different fish options: carp, bass, and barramundi with the first being around four pounds and the latter being two. They have premise options for you to order from which has sauces and vegetable pairings made for you. Alternatively, you can choose your fish, among eight different sauces, and loads of veggies. There are also various appetizers and skewers to order from as well. What we got: For four people, we ordered a chilled tofu/preserves egg appetizer which came in a soy/sesame sauce that was quite refreshing. We also got a grilled eggplant that was smoky and tender. For the main course, we ordered the carp in a mild garlic sauce with four rices on the side. There was also a free sparking water tower for helping promote their business via WeChat (our waitress helped us do it). The meal ended with some free herbal jelly to cool down the palette. Damage: After tax and tip, the four of us paid $23.50 each. Not bad for a dinner out in the city. Will recommend/return!
An unbelievable experience, excellent food, attentive and friendly service, and very cool, welcoming, modern atmosphere. Can not recommend enough, will definitely be back. Worth the trip from Manhattan.
Very good service! The staff is beyond friendly! Seriously must try there grilled oysters!! I love it so much I order six of them lolololol!
Hi Everybody, this is my first review ever. This restaurant isn't particular special, but it is simply the place I ate at last and freshest in my memory. I will actually be going back and reviewing other places I've eaten at over the years. Now without further ado...To be frank, I was dragged here by a foodie friend of mine. I didn't even know this place existed. My friend is a huge fan of hot and spicy Sichuan food, and so she said that this place is actually the second location of this other wildly successful place in Brooklyn. So when she heard that this place has opened up in Flushing (near where she lived) she just had to drag all of us there. There were 5 of us and we were seated quickly on a Thursday night. There are about 8-10 tables in the place, with a giant full screen TV in the background playing Chinese MVs. I thought the volume of the ambiance was just right; quiet enough that you can have a conversation, but loud enough that added a certain liveliness. We were on the first floor, but there is a set of stairs going upstairs and I saw the hostess leading customers upstairs, I wasn't curious enough to go check it out, but I assume it's the same layout. We ordered Chinese style, we got their Signature Spicy Hot Grilled (misspelled I assume) Fish Tofu Pudding (yes, that is a weird name) and the Hot Spicy Crawfish's (this place NEEDS to get their spelling together). We added a bunch of vegetables into each of them (they recommend at most 3 vegetables per dish.) We also ordered a bunch of sides like the Roasted Frog, the Grilled Chicken Wings, Eggplant, and Corn.THE FISH WAS DELICIOUS. Okay, I'm not saying it's the best fish I've ever had (because that's going to come in a different review.) But it was pretty darn good. I went in without much expectation, but I was pretty blown away by the spices in the Fish dish. I could not stop eating it. Keep in mind that I'm currently dieting and I'm not suppose to be eating too much carbs, but that meal, I ate two bowls of rice (the spiciness also had something to do with that). The spices in the dish have completely soaked through the vegetables and potato we put into it, but not quite the fish. I am never afraid of double dipping into the sauce after I break down the pieces of fish so it was all the same to me. I can go on about the fish, but I'll stop myself here, let's just say it was pretty damn good.I am not a huge fan of crawfish, but my friends were and they couldn't stop raving about the crawfish. I had one, the flavors were good and the size stood out to be bigger than I've had it elsewhere. I let my friends enjoy the rest of the crawfish and focused on the fish dish since it was a Grilled Fish shop. The sides were overall pretty good. Though I feel like they could have used a little less garlic on the eggplant. But other than that, no complaints. The service overall was very good. They are very well staffed. And the staff seems well trained; they came over every once in a while to help us "unstick" the bottom of the pot and waters were refilled promptly. I also felt they were very knowledgeable about the menu and what seems to be the owner actually came over and asked us how our experience was, we said it was great. He recommended us to try the bullfrog the next time we go. Overall, for the 5 of us, we spent $40 per person after tip and tax. I felt that was really good for the price. Definitely a lot better than Good Harvest just next door, which costs more. Okay, I felt like I've rambled on for an eternity. I apologize for the wordiness of the post. I think it's just because it's my first post ever. I've also attached a picture of the Menu because I knew I was writing this and didn't want to get the dishes names wrong. Thanks for reading!tldr; Great Fish place, go try it. You won't regret it.
Hotspace opens in flushing with a nice interior , similar to its brooklyn store. This one has two floors and cute fixtures. waitstaff was very attentive and friendly, prices are a bit on the high side for the area. The fish we got was the spicy garlic sauce, pick 2 vegetables for $8, post a check in on wechat get a free pitcher of soda/juice, we also got the mouth watering chicken which was not spicy at all let alone mouthwatering but the texture was nice. It just felt like they dumped a bunch of spicy oil on top of the cold braised chicken, roasted pig foot or bbq pig foot which was well executed, and a side of stir fried spicy cabbage. The cabbage was a bit tasteless , again doused in spicy oil but not spicy and the portion was huge. Half a cabbage head in there huge. The fish was mediocre. They don't have vents in there so the smell of the oil does stick to you , when we walked in they put our coats into clear plastic bags so our coats wouldn't smell so that's a nice touch. The veggies in the fish were ok but everything felt doused in oil. If you want spicy fish try a sichuan restaurant, maybe we ordered the wrong things but I might give the place another try
So hot space is a restaurant that I really recommend. They are a new hot pot spot. The decor is awesome with a huge karaoke tv! Remind me of Shanghai ! Food was excellent very spice. You should order sea bass it was very spicy! I really recommend this place to everybody as I love it
Food: 5/5. The grilled fish was as good as it gets. And the staff kept it hot the whole time we ate (1.5 hours).Service: 4/5. We were initially annoyed by how impatient one waitress was as we tried to pick between buffalo fish (4 lbs) and other lighter fishes (~2 lbs). But it was more than compensated later on by how attentive other waitresses were. Came here on a weekend to try out the grilled fish that we heard so much about. The restaurant was situated in one of the busiest streets in Flushing, so I wouldn't recommend driving here. It was opened pretty recently as we can tell by the congratulatory flower pots near the entrance. The restaurant was already half full an hour after open during noontime. We went up to the second floor and were seated near the window area. Since it was the first time we were here, it took us a little bit of time to understand the ordering process (select type of broth, fish, and then sides to put in with the fish). The waitress was standing nearby despite after I told her to give us some time to decide. She was visibly annoyed and impatient. We finally decided to try out the buffalo fish, which had more bones than other fishes but also larger in size. It was definitely one of the better grilled fish places I had been to for a while. The fish was fresh, the broth was also right on point with the spiciness, and the waitress kept the broth hot the whole time we ate (it took us 1.5 hours to finish). The waitress was very attentive as well, constantly coming over to make sure the bottom pan didn't burn the fish and check on the stove fire. Definitely a pleasant lunch despite the initial hiccup. As an added bonus, if you re-post the restaurant's ad on your WeChat moment, they will give you a rather large flavorful sparkling water for free, it will make your meal much more enjoyable, especially if you got the spicy broth. Overall, I enjoyed the meal and will definitely come back for more when I crave for grilled fish.
The best restaurant in Flushing.  Good service!The owner also is a nice person.They really take care of each customers.Taste is very well.
Wonderful service. Very attentive staff. They think of everything, from giving you a large plastic bag to keep your coats, to the grass jelly at the end of the meal. We went for the ma la spicy fish with tofu and had the baramundi, a smaller fish which was way more than enough for 2. Was it spicy, yes. Can you taste everything, yes. Go a bit early or a bit late to miss the crowds and go with a bunch of people. It's a hoot!
I loved the flavor! Customer service was quite great. They will check in to make sure the seafood is not sticking to the pot and sauce doesn't get too thick. I highly recommend this place. Will go back again.
We almost skipped this place but so glad we didn't.. a young lady name Yao helped us step by step how to order the food here. I never experience such customer service in flushing. Tina, our server, she kept on checking on us to see if we need anything or not. I love fish, and this place is worth of try. The menu might seems complicated but its okay, the staffs will help you! The food came out super fresh. they cooked the fish in the kitchen, then they serve it with a huge tray. the portion is HUGE! it's worth of the money.
We had the same grilled fish with mala over fire in Paris (Le Pont DE Sichuan) and I kid you not...(drum roll)..it's better and more flavorful there! We came on a Saturday evening and it was packed. We left our name and they gave us a buzzer to hang on to. We were told it would be about a half hour. So we headed to a bar across the street to grab a drink. True enough in half hour it buzzed and our table was ready just as we walked in. Looking at the menu, there's a bunch of spicy dishes. We ordered the 夫妻肺片which is a beef tendon and offal sliced real thin dosed in chili oil. Wasn't super impressed because it wasn't flavorful. All you taste is bland chili oil. The grilled oyster which did not come in a SHELL ahem, was also average. For some reason when I eat oysters, I just want to see the shell! This was also on the bland side with some soy sauce and vermicelli. The fish that came in a rectangular pan and heated on a flame was big in size but also doused in chili oil. Nothing wrong with that if it's flavorful. This was also on the bland side. Service was friendly though. I'll definitely give them that! Would I come back? Hmmmm, that's a 50/50..
Omg!  This place is so good! There are tons of flavors in their fish dish. I have to compliment their customer service too.  All the servers are very attentive and very friendly. I came here twice and left very satisfied.  Will come back again.  I'm just addicted to their fish dish.
We wanted to try something new and this was new for sure. Many ways of ordering the type of fish you want with vegetables at extra cost. The fish that we have ordered was actually cooked perfectly and the soup we picked was the spicy oil & sour soup. We honestly thought it was just OK. Service was great and attentive.
YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE. I was about to skip this place, I'm so glad that I didn't. The staff here is INCREDIBLY NICE. They pay attention to all the guests throughout the whole time you're there. A young lady who works there explain to us how the menu works, It's confusing at first but TRY IT!!....the food was really good, I got the spicy fish and be careful with the spice, it gets a lot to handle but worth the burn. The Mango Iced tea was very nice as well, I would recommend trying one of their teas, it'll help if your mouth is burning. The food here is FRESH, It comes out on a hot plate with fire burning underneath. The atmosphere here is nice too, a bunch of lights, a BIG TV playing popular music videos. Overall this place was an awesome experience and worth it. The grass jelly at the end blew me away, I mean honestly if some place is offering you grass in jelly form, that place is worth a try :)
I saw this place on Yelp and it didn't disappoint us at all. Me and my boyfriend were skeptikal because of the good reviews and we decided to just try it out and I'm so glad we did. We ordered a Big Mouth Sea Bass with Mild Spicy Garlic sauce and veggies in it. I looooved the noodles! It was my first time eating that kind of noodles and it went really great with the fish which was surprising. I also ordered a Mango Iced Tea which was I think is not that good, but it's alright. Other than that, great experience and great customer service. The waitress really helped us throughout the menu. Will definitely be back to try something else
How can I explain.. Yao was great. The food was so good and whatever was recommended by Yao turned out food for the soul. It was my first time here and it was great. I will definitely come here again and recommend this place to everyone who loves fish.
My girlfriend and I came for the fish because one of her girlfriend told her about it and said it was very good. I was skeptical. My skepticism was reduced as I was waiting to be seated and as people were leaving I heard them thank the wait staff. To me that's usually a good sign. The fish did not disappoint, the waitress we had recommended the bass which she said had the smallest amount of fish bones, and I was all for that. The food and service were both pretty good. My girlfriend was happy so I was happy. We live around the area so we'll probably be back
This is a new hot pot fish spot that opened up recently in Flushing. There's another fish spot in Flushing. This spot is spicier than the other one, so if you like spicy food like me, then this is the place for you. Price is good for the quality of the food.
Their grilled fish is delicious!! The environment is nice and clean. I'm glad gave it a try. You won't regret it.
Ordered the signature spicy tofu grilled fish with some add on side dishes. Fish is fresh but the skin is not crispy as I thought I would be. The sauce is not very flavorful. If you check in or share on wechat they offer a slice of matcha crepe from Prince Tea House (too bad didn't have my phone with me the day I went).
