I felt tearful.. Father, mother, daughter, son-- one family working nonstop morning to night making steam rice roll that they had to eat bread for lunch during rush hour.I came in around 11 am for a late breakfast and there was a mix of foreigner and locals lining up for the delicious steamed rolls. Having a place like this in a highly competitive foodie town such as Flushing topped with a intensive labor work is tremendously hard to keep up in the long run. Coming from a hospitality background, I know how hard it is for the family to do this everyday... every minute..Back to food~ Do not compare this to the shrimp steamed rolls at Dim Sum places because the outer skin made from rice flour is much thinner. Texture wise, it is different. I do enjoy this as my breakfast because it doesn't make me completely full. It is a great choice to start on your Flushing Food Tour.
3.5 starsWe ordered the small pork rice rolls with egg and scallions ($4) . It was super cool watching them make it from scratch. The actual rice roll was smooth and I loved the texture but the flavors were a little too plain for me. It's a small shop with about 8 booth seating
Tasty steamed rice rolls (beef, shrimp, roast pork, plain or fish balls) that offer free add on's like corn, cilantro, scallions, bean sprouts, or lettuce.  Choice of 3 add on's are optional. If you add egg it's $1 more. Sesame seeds on top.  Sweet soy sauce comes on the side to pour on.  This is a food item that you usually see at dim sum places, but the rice skin is thinner and more "melty" with less bite.  If you're into lighter fare this is good.  I got the beef with cilantro and scallions, and the shrimp with egg, cilantro, corn and scallions added.  I think I was over-ambitious for a first timer and should have listened to the purist in me...less add-on's would've let the flavors come thru better.  The small is $4 and the large is $6. Next time I'll try the roast pork with cilantro and skip the egg.  This is a small family run place that's part of a mini-mall across the street from the New World Mall on Roosevelt.  The people are nice.  Limited seating so I got mine to go.
My boyfriend saw this on yelp and he wanted to try it. We happen to be in flushing and decided to come here for breakfast. This place is small. They share the space with other vendors. It's not very ideal to dine in. They have about 8 bar stools in front and it's first come first serve. But people usually don't stay more than 20 mins as these are more of a quick bite than a meal. To be honest there is not special about their rice noodle rolls. It is about the same from the carts in Chinatown. In fact I think it is kinda pricey for rice noodle rolls. I had the rice noodle roll with fish balls and peanut sauce. I also had the one with beef. Both was decent and tasted like other rice noodle rolls I had at other places. If I came back I would try their crepe or pancake. Maybe it's more worth for the price than the rice noodle rolls.
Popped by Flushing for the Lunar New Year celebration, and stumbled into Joe's.Space - Located at the entrance of a mini mall, Joe's counter seating is limited to 10 people.Steamed Beef Rice Roll - When I first saw Joe making the rice roll, I was reminded of rolled ice cream. Joe pours rice roll mix onto a huge sheet pan and evenly spreads it to all corners. He then layers on the toppings, rolls it up, and shoots it into a huge steamer. A few minutes later, Joe pulls out the pan, cuts the rice roll into bitesized pieces, layers on the sweet soy sauce, and voila. Waited 8 minutes for it and downed it in 30 seconds. Chinese Pancakes - Tried one with crab meat, egg, and lettuce, and another one with sausage, egg, and lettuce. I usually go with sausage, but crab meat won me over on this one.Soymilk - Ordered fresh soy milk with sugar, and found it to be a little thick for my tastes.Will definitely be back for more steamed rice rolls.
Really great place for rice rolls and huge portion sizes. This place is pretty hard to spot unless you actually look for it, but is definitely worth it. It's also cash only. Came around 3pm and we were able to find seating, but wouldn't count on it during rush hours. We ordered two "small" size rice rolls to share and we could barely finish. Rice rolls with the curry fish balls and HK/peanut sauce: a must try! The peanut sauce was amazing and pairs well with the rice roll and fish balls. For all rice rolls you can add three vegetables for free or an egg for $1, but per the staff's recommendation we didn't include any veggies or the egg. Pretty glad we didn't as the flavors might become overwhelming if you add to much to this rollShrimp roll with egg, scallion, corn and lettuce: really enjoyed this rice roll as well. It would probably be second to the rice roll with the curry fish balls and is quite filling. I had skipped a meal, but still couldn't finish this roll even in the "small" size. Would recommend putting egg in any of the non fish ball rice rolls though as it does add extra flavorOverall would highly recommend this place. It's super affordable (most of the small rolls are only $4 and are extremely filling) and really tasty/unique
Hole in the wall: checkPoint and order: checkOrder ready in under 5: checkDelicious je need sais quoi: checkAmazing broth: checkToo much food for $8: check
This spot like many in Flushing is a well hidden gem.  Honestly, I walked by it like twice before I finally found it.  In all fairness I was also panting with excitement and probably not paying the closest of attention.  Immediately upon walking inside I was mesmerized by the whole process of making a steam rice roll.  I stood there for a solid 5 minutes just open mouth starring trying to understand the symphony of movements needed to make this dish.  First a huge ladle of batter is poured into a large sheet pan and placed inside the steamer.  As swiftly as one goes in another cooked one comes out and gets the full treatment of necessary requested ingredients.  In my case, BBQ pork, an egg ($1.00 extra), scallion, cilantro, and corn.  It gets carefully rolled up using two pastry scrappers and then gets divided into perfect bite size pieces.  The finishing touch involves a quick once over with some soy sauce and boom perfection is served.I can not tell you how much I loved this.  The consistently of the rice roll is just out of control.  It is difficult to describe but it's incredible like nothing I have ever tasted.  Every bite had little pearls of pork, brightness from the cilantro, saltiness from the soy, and chewiness from the roll.  I am so blessed to be able to walk here from my apartment.  And did I fail to mention that this marvel was only $5.00?!  I shared a small with my mom and it was more than enough for us.  So forget about that old boring BEC and get on this new 2018 breakfast treat....or lunch....or dinner...or snack.
What  a pleasant surprise!Joes steamed rice rolls are made fresh, right before your eyes. I ordered one small beef roll which came with 3 toppings. I chose  scallion, cilantro, and corn. I also got a small dried shrimp  order with the same 3 toppings. The blend  of flavors with hosin sauce, soy sauce, and peanut sauce and roasted  sesame sprinkled on top was such a great breakfast! The rice rolls are thin and delicate. You can add an egg too! Additionally, I got to watch their pancakes be made while eating. What a great experience!It gets a bit cold with the door  being opened and closed, but the food will take  your mind off it. I found that the small rolls  were a good bargain because  my friend  ordered a large  and his plate looked the same, but had thicker rolls.The owner, Joe is really nice! I ordered 2 orders of the beef rice rolls  to go for my parents. Gotta share the good food! Looking forward to trying more flavors in the near future.
Is it a trek to get here from Manhattan? YES. But mmm it's so delicious. In Flushing, they automatically speak to you in Chinese so I was able to get by...but it sounds like from the other reviews they are ok with English as well! I love shrimp rice rolls from dim sum so that's what we went with, their fresh shrimp with scallions and cilantro. So yummy. We stopped by here before we had lunch somewhere else and shared a small size. It's so fresh, and made right in front of you... I just wish they weren't so far away!! I could easily eat 2 plates of this...:) Easily shareable though as they cut it for you!
Most delicious rice rolls I have ever tasted! Doesn't even compare to rice rolls on a dim sum cart. When you walk in you can see the owner making rice rolls to your right -- tedious looking process. In learning about the restaurant, we found out that Joe purchased a special rice roll steamer which makes the rice rolls extra delicious and juicy. His rice mixture is also the perfect mix and combination of flours. We ordered the beef and egg rice roll and it was a big enough portion for two people to share. It was moist, savory, and perfectly spicy with a little chili oil on top. DEFINITELY going back!
No frills bar seating inside what looks like a small shopping center in the middle of flushing. The space was reminiscent of Taiwan where we ate around the chef in night markets. So, how are the steam rolls? AMAZING. You can't get this quality in Brooklyn. They are fresh and made to order with a large variety of toppings. My favorite is the beef with egg, lettuce, and corn with sesame seeds and soy sauce seasoning. The curry fish balls with peanut sauce was really good too. Being the fatties we are, we also ordered a pancake with fried pork and egg, which was also made fresh right in front of us. Salivating ensued. This is my ultimate comfort food. Not a great place to bring more than one person since seating is limited but awesome for a quick bite!
Joe's does it right. The rice rolls were delicate, thin, fresh and made within minutes, tasty, etc.. They give you the option of adding an Egg  for $1 which I highly recommend. The egg is intermixed with the noodles and it just adds some extra tasty protein. I ordered one small plate and they were so delicious I had to get another one. First order was with fresh shrimp and cilantro and egg. The second order was the curry fish ball order which was different since they top the rolls with the peanut/curry sauce. Can't go wrong with either choice quite frankly. "I call it like I eat it."#Refereeats
It's definitely worth of try if you are in the area. I thought I wouldn't like it but it was dang delicious.I come here at least once a week to eat the rice noodles. It's freshly made for you on the spot. It's not pre made! It's fresh! Love it!I have work at 11am so my friend and I come here in the morning to eat if I'm not late for work. I always order the shrimp rice roll with corn & egg.My friend always order beef rice roll with corn, egg, lettuce and scallion.The rice roll are thin, it come with a sauce on top and hot sauce on the side if you need. Also their oden soup is the bomb! I love their soup! They have fish ball, and etc. I only drink the soup so idk exactly what's there..They have this crepe egg, spam and etc I think. Mostly the time I went there is the lady who makes it. I highly recommend everyone to try!They don't accept credit card! ONLY CASH
CA$H ONLYLocated by the front door of a small shopping-mall kind of building in Flushing, this place makes you custom-ordered rice rolls in the matter of minutes.  You choose the type of meat and vegetables that go in the rice rolls, and voila, you'll have your steamed rice rolls in only a couple of minutes.Because they are made to order, I think these tend to be fresher than most rice rolls at most dim sum places.  They have some bar-type area where you can sit and eat the rice rolls.  Be sure to put any vegetables that you'd like in the rice rolls--it's not like they're sprinkled on top, so the vegetables' flavors will seep into the rice rolls.BTW, if you come here after looking at the owner's Instagram, don't be fooled--he often posts food that he's eating, not necessarily the rice rolls he's actually cooking.  Kinda funny if you think about it.
Love their freshly made steam rice noodle!!! It was the perfect breakfast on a Saturday morning. This place is semi a hole-in-the wall located inside this mini mall with other shops around. You can't miss it though since it is the first thing you see on the left side when you go inside. Soft, smooth, SILKY, tasty, flavorful. I can find more adjectives to describe their noodles but you get my point heheYou can choose your choice of meat and veggies to go with the rice noodle and WALA you get the most amazing taste inside your mouth. I could have this everyday if I live in Flushing!They pour soy sauce in the plate of noodle, but it wasn't enough for me, so I added more to drench the noodles just the way I like it. The soy sauce is soaked up by the noodle so quickly that I needed more hehe and I love that their soy sauce is not that salty.They have coffee and tea here as well. The staff is super nice and friendly. Don't be afraid to let them know what you want in your fresh plate of noodle!
Good food. It lives up to the hype. The steam rice rolls are delicious. You can choose three ingredients in the roll which I thought was great. I had shrimp rice rolls with sprouts, corn, and green onions. The Chinese crepe is also good too.
A+ spot. Joe is lovely and makes your order right in front of you. I go for the shrimp and love the textures and flavors of the dish. Really filling and an overall great experience every time.
This is the other of the two fresh made-to-order rice roll places in Flushing.  This is the better one of the two, although if you just want a simple rice roll with one filling, Fu Yuan will get that to you for around $2.50.  Joe's prices start higher, but you get a larger portion and you can add lettuce, corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, and green onion for free.  And these add-ins make a big difference in the final taste.Between Joe's and Fu Yuan, I'd choose Joe's every time.I'm deducting a star because their curry fish balls were pretty bad.  For $1, you get four small fish balls.  The fish balls were luke warm and the curry flavor was minimal.  I wouldn't order them again.
great place for fresh rice rolls, they've expanded since the first time I've been there. I always get a large beef with scallions. you can add an egg for an extra $1 but I opt out since I'm not a fan. The workers speak English and understand English which is great. Not sure if it's cash only. They have stools for you to sit and eat at the location facing the display. It's a little expensive in my opinion ($6 beef large rolls) but it's pretty tasty and soft. I would recommend this place to everyone to try at least once. They make coffee and Chinese crepes now. I'll try those on my next visit.
Whenever I come here (which is probably once a week), I always leave satisfied. Service is quick and fast--great when you're on a time crunch. There's a few stools for you to sit on (about 8) but it gets pretty crazy around rush hour (12pm and 5/6pm). Turnover rate is quick though, so if you want to sit and eat, just simply wait. I've tried their curry fishball and rice noodles but this one is a bit salty. Their beef rolls are my absolute favorite, other than getting a bit more toppings, there's not much difference between small or large, so I usually go with the small. I've seen them do crepes before but have yet to try it. Store hours are: Monday: 11:30am - 7:30pmTuesday - Sunday: 8:30am - 7:30pm
This is probably the best place to get steam rice rolls in flushing! The shop itself is pretty small and it shares a space with a couple of different stores, so it's kinda hard to miss sometimes. You can customize what you want in your rice rolls by selecting a protein first, then up to three toppings and additional more for $.50. They let you add an egg to it as well which i think is the game changer! And lastly, they top everything off with soy sauce and sesame seed! The reason why I love this place so much is because everything is made on the spot and it's super fresh. The large is $6 but honestly that itself is really super filling! They also have savory glutinous rice balls, which they also make on their own. They have soy milk and tea egg as well. In the case you don't want to customize your own rice rolls, they have a bunch of preset items on the menu. They even have fishball with peanut butter sauce!!!!! Overall, I highly recommend this place especially for breakfast or an early lunch. I believe they close pretty early or until they're out of everything.
There were 2 ladies on line only when I stepped inside, but soon the place was packed within minutes. This old lady cut the line... Whatever. It's too cramped to argue.I ordered a small shrimp rice roll with corn and cilantro as well as a Chinese crepe with sausage. I had no idea sausage meant hot dog, but perhaps that was the right "meat" to choose since literally everyone before and after me chose "sausage." We were able to find seats at least, since it was raining that day, might as well eat inside. You can see everything that's going on which is actually nice. All the rice rolls are made fresh unlike that other place nearby. These rolls are so soft, delicate, and delicious! I really like how thin the rolls were. The shrimp was fresh, the corn added sweetness. $4.50 for a small isn't too pricey considering that it has shrimp. The soy sauce is not that salty and that's all I needed to enjoy them. I definitely should've tried this place sooner. It's the best rice roll I've had. These probably would've been good eaten cold as well but I can't say the same for the other place. Theirs gets so hard...Their Chinese crepe is pretty good, compared to a few I've tried in Flushing. It was a bit difficult to cut up without a knife. I'd suggest you eat it wrapped up instead of it sitting on the plate. They add sesame, lettuce, scallions if you want. The hot dog added a bit of saltiness, otherwise it's a bit plain. Meat is $1 extra. Crepe is $4. Cash only. Would've ordered more if they used cards. We thought it was kinda funny that after the crowd was gone, they had a quick lunch break of McDonalds. I'd rather eat freshly made rice rolls instead of highly processed food!
I might be addicted. I had a hard time wrapping my head around the idea of putting lettuce and corn in steamed rice rolls. But I will eat it any which way now. It. is. all. good. I like my rice rolls plain, which only comes in one size. I don't need no curry fish balls or beef or pork or shrimp..and dare I say it, not even an egg. They just cloud what I really want -- pure, glossy, carby, slippery smooth, thin sheets of rice in sweet soy sauce. Heck, they don't even need to roll it up. It will enter my mouth just the same.I hope they become more than just a stall. I can imagine an entire sit-down restaurant for just rice rolls. If it can be done for Thai Hainanese chicken in Elmhurst (Eim Khao Mun Kai), then why not for every mouth watering delight?
My partner and I came to Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls on one scorching July afternoon, and I loved, loved it. I got the large steamed rice rolls with eggs and shrimp, if I recall correctly. I remember feeling amazed at the silky, soft texture of these dishes and how the accompanying soy sauce made that more prominent on my tongue. There are only several stool seats at the front counter for eating in. But if you can snag one, it's worth staying and watching how the staff workers here make your rice rolls. It's one of my favorite dim sum dishes, so I jumped at the opportunity to get a jumbo version of them here.
For a small shop they make they food fast and right in front of you. The rice rolls were pipping hot when ready and it's just mesmerizing to watch them make it so quick and easily. Affordable and simple. Beef steam rice roll was good.My favorite is the Curry fish ball rice roll with peanut sauce.If you get the large it's just more of the toppings, the rice roll portion is the same as the small.Seating is limited.
Impressive....I have been eating steam rice rolls since I was able to walk as a child in Hong Kong.  That is roughly half a century. This place is legit.  They use stones to grind the rices into liquids to steam them into pasta.  It is smooth.  I like bbq porks.  The shrimp is good as well.  I like the old fashioned style with pasta and protein only.  The sauce mixture is good.This place is excellent.  Be here or be square!
1. Watch them make the steam rice rolls. It all happens on a large tray that they steam with all your ingredients. Totally fascinating.2. Order the fresh shrimp steam rice rolls. The small is actually largely sized.3. Douse it with their brown sauce: don't know what this is, but it makes the whole experience even better. Light, tasty, delicious.5 stars!!!!!
It's like having the best parts of dim sum easily available! My favorite every time I go to dim sum with my parents is always the steam rice rolls! This place makes it right in front of your eyes in less than 5 minutes! So delicious and affordable!I also ordered the Chinese pancake(煎饼果子） from here as well! Fast and friendly service.Great price Vegetarian options available
I went to NYC for a trip, and stumbled here while walking around with a friend... went in, and they made my order fresh and by far, the best steam rice rolls I've ever had in the US! The owner was crazy funny, and super nice! He even laughed at me for taking pictures of the steam rice rolls before I started eating it... haha! I'll definitely go back when I'm in NYC!
I like this place to pieces! I used to work in the Chinatown area where I first discovered fresh steamed rice rolls in the little carts you'd find on the corner of Elizabeth or Bowery - I miss these so much since moving to the west coast! They were relatively inexpensive and a staple in the community! It was such a pleasant surprise when Joe's opened in flushing offering the same feeling of comfort in an expanded way! The sizes are hugeeee and the options are plentiful with choices for beef, pork, bbq pork, shrimp, curry fish balls etc. - and a variety of toppings to choose from like cilantro, corn, scallions, bean sprouts, egg (extra), and sauces (soy sauce and peanut sauce is where it's at!). You can even add curry fish balls to your order (4 for $1). It's nice that the menu has both english and chinese (in a very organized and concise manner) so consumers can order with ease. This is literally one of my favorite things to eat and I'm so glad it's reaching a wider audience!  There really is nothing like actual fresh steam rolls and it's hard to find good places. Joe's does a tremendous job with service and quality. You see the staff making your order and it's definitely a treat! Now, when I come back from the west coast, I have to get some! I won't soon forget the street carts that provided a lot of the breakfasts I consumed when working in Manhattan, but Joe's is an awesome awesome addition to the flushing community and I'm glad Queens has an excellent fresh steam roll place to boast about!
Talk about cheap eats!!I mean, YES! Where better than flushing, queens to get yourself some fresh and tasty dirt cheap great eats? Nowhere, the answer to that is nowhere.Joes steam rice roll has been in my saved photos of "places I need to go to" and it has finally been checked off. And boy am I glad that I went. They did not disappoint.I've always gotten the steam rice rolls at dim sum restaurants, it's one of my favorite things to order, so you can imagine my excitement when I discovered that there was a spot specifically for the rice rolls. UBER excited.any way you have about 8 options with a choice of 5 free veggie add ins. I ordered the beef & the BBQ pork, both small orders which, have you, are pretty big! It's $4 for a small and $6 for the large. I added bean sprouts and scallions. They were both so damn good I wanted more but needed to contain myself.I'm drooling just writing this post, and you know what...I might just go back there today.Like now...See you in an hour !
I love the dim sum version, and Joe's does it better! The made-to-order steamed rice rolls are tasty and fresh with your choice of protein, egg, and two vegetable fillings. I've tried the BBQ pork and shrimp versions, and both were very flavorful. However, I'd recommend the bean sprouts and cilantro as the choice of veggies for a tastier filling - it seems that even though scallions is an option, there were already scallions in them as default. I also tried the Chinese crepe with sausage (aka jian bing), and it was also good, probably one of the better ones I've had in NY!Seating is tight and limited but people eat quickly and my friends and I were able to grab a spot at the counter after only a few minutes. I'd imagine this place getting super busy during peak lunch hours.
Must try if you are in the area! My slippery boyfriend & I split the large shrimp rice roll with corn, scallion, & cilantro (you can pick your own 3 fillings), added egg & topped with sesame seeds & a side of chili oilSoooooooo good. You can see the sign for this place on the street next to the bank, but is actually part of a c small market/shopping area. There are only 5 seats at the bar along the front of the kitchen where the rolls are made fresh right in front of you.Super quick & yummyThe people working there were really friendly.Definitely coming back
This place is AMAZING! I've had a lot of rice rolls, and this is pretty much as good as it can get. Ordering was super complicated in a good way because you have a lot of choices - first you pick something off the menu (pretty much what meat you would like), and then you pick what you want to go inside it, and then the sauces as well. We got BBQ pork added with egg, and then we got it with corn, green onion, and bean sprouts. For sauces we got the normal soy sauce, peanut sauce on the side, as well as chili oil. It was delicious. The steamed rice rolls were so fresh and so good! It was $7 including tax, which is definitely a great deal. Delicious, delicious, delicious; highly recommend![Side note: this is my 1700th Yelp review!]
Fresh rice rolls!! The rice rolls are made as the orders are put in.  It's quite amazing just to watch the rice rolls being made.  I'm glad you can watch them make it, so you know that you're getting the freshest and cleanest ingredients. Many of the choices are about $3 for a small and $6 for a large.  I would say a large hits the spot but then your left wanting just a little more.  I ordered the beef rice roll (large) and it was the freshest rice roll i have ever eaten.  The large rice roll comes with 3 choices of vegetables, I chose corn and scallions.I'm not sure how this place is like if it were busy, might be a long wait?  It appears they only have one rice roll maker.  I came here when the shop was completely empty and my order was made in less than 5 minutes.  I would definitely come back here the next time I'm in the area or whenever I'm craving rice rolls.
Dim dum rice rolls will NEVER be the same! I came here this morning to pick up an order before leaving NY and heading back to CA. I've been wanting to come here for the longest time and finally got to try it on our last day here. I saw a video on youtube featuring Joe's and I wish I came here earlier this week! I got to watch the lady make the rice mixture on their special mill while the guy made my rice roll order. I ordered the BBQ Pork Steamed Rice Roll with added egg ($1) and veggies (bean sprouts and scallion - free). It was so fun and interesting to watch the process of making the rice rolls. I LOVED how thin the roll was; dim sum ones are always too thick for the amount of filling OR too thin and rip/fall apart. Joe's were PERFECT. I liked the added egg and bean sprouts too! They also give you the side of sauce to pour over (I took it to-go). Make sure you check out Joe's when you're in Flushing! It's located across the street from the New World Mall inside a store with more stores/stalls inside. Labeled "MIO" on the overhang. I couldn't find it for the longest time!
Oh, the steam rice roll. These are my absolute favorite at dim sum, and when I heard there is a vendor that makes only these, I had to see it for myself! This small stand is located in the Miolife black awning directly across from the New World Mall entrance. There is an electric sign flashing "open" to let you know they are there. I heard that the store hours had recently changed, they are open at 11:30am now. Today I stopped by around 2pm, not crowded at all for lunch time. Some of the orders were taken to go, and well packed in plastic tupperwares and plastic bags. They take your orders quickly and the wait is not bad. I ordered the pork rice roll (large $6, small $4) which came with a choice of 3 free vegetable toppings aka filling (corn, cilantro, lettuce, bean sprouts, or parsley) and an optional egg for a dollar extra. Sesame seeds as a topping are optional and free. There are no tables, just a bar eating area that has enough seats for about 8 patrons. Since the vendor is located right by the door, it can get chilly as people enter and exit, and also you might feel you are in the way as deliveries are wheeled in on a handtruck (I had to move from my seat twice today so the guy could wheel the heavy packages out).I ordered in English but did not realize the guy was calling my order in Cantonese.. lol. He noticed me looking up from my seat and asked me if I ordered the pork. "Yes," I said, and he passed me my plate smiling. It was a good snack to tide over my hunger. The rice rolls were so soft and thin, still piping hot from being steamed. Everything tasted super fresh, the lettuce still had a good crunch to it, the corn was sweet and plump, not stale or hard. It was delicious! Too bad I spotted the container of sweet soy sauce too late, I would have drowned my rolls in it! They also have vinegar, and sriracha sauce on the counter if you need it. I can't wait to try everything on the menu here! I was fascinated by the process of making the steam roll; the guy who does it is so efficient. Now I can have steamed rice rolls anytime (not limited to dim sum time) to my heart's content! I took a star away because there isn't much seating and this type of food does not taste as good if it isn't eaten right away. I would use the "take out" option if there were a place I could sit down and enjoy my food (park bench somewhere?) Also, I am not sure if this building the vendor is located in has its own restroom.
On Christmas Eve, called ahead to pick up! Wow! Great service. Ready when I arrived. Pancakes was the best. Flakey, crisp dough. We got 1 with sausage but it was actually a hot dog, not good. Would've preferred lop chun (Chinese sausage). Plain was very good. Now to the rice rolls. We got shrimp, pork and fish balls with curry sauce. The shrimps (25/30?!)were large whole pieces. Ground pork was pretty good as well. Added cilantro and bean sprouts to both. Made a big difference on taste and texture. Added a nice crunch. The curry fish balls had a good amount of curry flavor unlike other places I've had. All were large size, great deal for the portion. Will definitely be back. Very nice friendly people.
Different than what I'm used to, but there is absolutely nothing wrong with freshly made steamed rice rolls. Came here ordered the beef and egg with scallions and was so happy that the food options in flushing are increasing in their options and diversity ( as far as Chinese food is concerned ) enjoyed the freshness and how soft the rolls are, and the flavor of all the add-ons in the rolls. Would definitely come back here would personally like to see the rolls a little thicker maybe more add-on option
The food here is amazing. Ordered the shrimp rice roll, beef rice roll, Chinese pancake with sausage, and soybean milk. My favorite was the Chinese pancake - the combination of ingredients and sauces was delicious. Plus the soybean milk here tasted very authentic. Highly recommend.
This is as close as it can get to the steam rice rolls I've had in Hong Kong, they make it on the spot for you, the store is very small inside a small plaza so you might miss it. The process of making rice rolls always impresses me, I love the peanut butter sauce they have and the rice rolls are so chewy and delicious.
Absolutely delicious. One of the best steamed rolls I've ever had, if not the best. While there's only a few meat options to choose from. There's a ton of combinations you can creat. The meat options include pork, roast pork, beef, and shrimp. They also have a plain option. Then you get to choose 3 of the 5 different veggie add-ons for free. You can also add an egg for an extra $1.  They have a large and small option. The difference is the amount of meat you get with it. They also make a pretty good curry fish ball.  Each order comes this soy sauce and peanut sauce on the side.The prices are too bad about $6 for large and $4 for a small.  There's a few chairs there if you want to eat the rolls fresh from the steamer. Otherwise with the container provided you can easily eat it on to go.Overall, great prices, great steamed rolls.  Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a quick cheap breakfast or lunch!!!
Learned about the store on Instagram and all the pictures posted about them, made my sister and I visit the place for the first time a few weeks ago.They have different types of steam rice rolls and you can add corn and meat for extra costs.Once you order you can see them make the rolls and it's always interesting to watch.When we went the place was packed with people eating. The place is located in small little place on Roosevelt Ave in Flushing. Definitely one of the best rice rolls I have ever tasted. The skin was nice and thin as it's hard finding places that make them that thin. Normally it would be pretty thick with little fillings. The proportion was just right and the flavor of the rolls are pretty mellow, which is great because I personally don't like it when it gets too salty. But of course if you are the ones that like more flavor, they do give you soy sauce on the side, so dip away~
Rice roll craving? Joe's your guy! Compared to the other places I've been too, I believe the quality is better. It's thinner which I prefer and you get a choice of 3 free veggies and $1 more for egg if you want. You can't go wrong with the curry fishball rice roll! I took a star off because of the seating it's not ideal. They are the first stall right next to the entrance. I went during winter so anytime they opened the door I felt the cold air. Other than that food is bomb.
Absolutely love it here. It's freshly made and quick. The ingredients they use are fresh! In and out in about 10 minutes or so. There's limited seating. My sauce sauce is their peanut and hosin sauce.
I came here because a couple NY friends told me about their rice roll.  I like how it's right there nad you can watch them make it.  Another thing I like is that we can choose up to 3 veggies to put inside, which is awesome! The steam rice roll place in LA I always go to doesn't have that option :(Anyways, the steam rice rolls were pretty good, I do admit that I've had better, but it still is good (don't get me wrong).  The rice rolls came out quick and there is a condiment place if you want to add some spice or extra soy sauce!
Freshly made steam rice rolls, can be regarded as noodles to the Chinese community. Amazingly delicious yet affordable, great dish for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great job Joe! Keep up the good work. Wish you can have seating for more people... Hopefully soon you will be able to have your own space! Looking forward to it!
The competition for Cantonese rice rolls in Flushing just got even hotter. The crown for best steamed rice rolls in Flushing has been placed on Joe's head.Food: I tried to order as much as I possibly could to try everything. As it has been said repeatedly, happy wife, happy life, and we both found that Joe's was the best experience for steamed rice rolls we've ever had in the entire City of New York. Yes, this includes lots of places in Manhattan's Chinatown, Brooklyn's Chinatown, and downtown Flushing. Yes, I am aware of the immensity of this statement. The thin layers of Rice Roll wrapped in nearly perfectly crafted ingredients makes this space truly remarkable.Service: the guy behind the counter actually working on the food is a Cantonese speaker who happens to have hired staff who speak Mandarin only. I had to choose my language channels repeatedly, but it got the job done.Decor: this is a food stand within a space that has a coffee shop, general seating, and some clothing retailer. I shall return.
Few seating available. Most people order to go. A bit over priced in my opinion, but the steam rice rolls are amazing. Usually a line in the weekend, but the wait is not too bad. Two toppings of your choice are included in your order.
Can't believe I never wrote a review for this! I was so happy to see another rice roll place pop up in flushing. It's located inside a "shopping" alley (? Not quite a center), more like a cluster of food vendors and clothes retailers. You see therm add all the ingredients in front of you and pour the liquid mixture on the flat pan, into the steamer. Add egg! (Best tip of the day)I waited a really long time for my order, which is the only complaint I have, but there's only one person steaming so who can blame them?The wait is worth it! Ask for the peanut sauce along with the soy sauce! There are only a few seats here but you can take it to go and sit at the New World Mall food court across the street (but don't tell them I told you -- or at least buy something from there first!)
YOOOO this place is a steal!great price for a lot of good foooooodi recommend getting the Large (it's the same size as med/small but more meat inside)i got the bbq pork and shrimp which were greatit's also just really cool watching them make the rice rollsFor 10 bucks you can fill up easily. Delicious. make sure you ask for some hot sauce / chili oil on the side
I was mad hyped for the actual food but was disappointed by how crappy the shrimp is. The shrimp from corner 28 dimsum is better than this. The shrimp they use is the frozen ones you buy from the supermarket, doesn't taste fresh and juicy when you eat it. Been wanting to come here for a while but they are never open early!!! I work in flushing & Churngfunis a breakfast-y food for me, and they are NEVER open early enough before work for me to get it. Yes I can try after work but I don't crave it for dinner.. I feel like they would have a lot more business if they opened earlier for breakfast. Overall would not get this again. Yes the quality is better than most places in flushing, its made to order and it is fun to watch them make it.. BUT I think the reviews on yelp are a bit generous.
It's interesting to witness how steamed rice rolls have evolved since I was little. I used to pay $1 for plain rice rolls with peanut sauce and a couple dollars more for fancier versions during dim sum weekends. Now, both versions are easily accessible whether through street vendors or a small booth like Joe's.The booth is situated in a boutique mall on Roosevelt Ave., right by the entrance. Seating is limited as they only have 3 bar stools arranged before counter space that is too narrow to hold their serving plates of choice. However, it is nice sitting there and observing them while they throw your 3 free vegetable selections and choice of ground meat onto the flat steaming pan.  We ordered a small beef roll with scallions and lettuce, a small pork roll with bean sprouts, lettuce and cilantro, 2 orders of curry fish balls and a pancake with crab meat. For a small $4 roll, they give quite a lot! More importantly, they were made to order and extremely silky and fresh. The free vegetables surprisingly amped up the rice rolls a lot more than expected.  I would advise adding bean sprouts for added texture in your bites and scallions and cilantro for aroma.On a bad note, I thought the curried fish balls were mediocre. Not spicy at all and the sauce not thick enough to coat each ball.  The pancake was blah: very greasy and no wow factor.  Stop by for the rice rolls and rice rolls only!
The place is a tiny shop inside of a store, it's basically the cashier and three stools at a small counter, think you are better off eating it at home. The rolls seem expensive at first but the rolls are pretty large so the price isn't terrible, I ordered the small shrimp and it was $4.50.The food:Shrimp Steam Rice Roll with Egg, Scallion and Corn- Overall, I thought this was just OK, I felt like everything was rather bland. The dough itself was nice and light, but the flavors of the ingredients didn't really do it for me. The corn was a mistake since it really just tasted like corn straight out of the can, there was nothing added to the corn at all. The scallions were a non factor, the shrimp didn't really have any flavor and the egg tasted like how steamed egg would taste. This is nothing like the steamed rice rolls you get from any respectable dim sum restaurant. Also, I asked for hot oil on the side, the hot oil packs a punch. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
It's rare to find a place that will make plain cheung fun (rice rolls.) Plain as in the quality of the cheung fun better be damn good - soft, fresh, slight chew and doesn't leave a funky aftertaste (lots of refrigerated rice noodles do.) This has been one of the very few places that makes it HK style - plain, sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds, sweet soy and peanut butter sauce on the side. They'll even toss in a small bamboo skewer like the way it's served in HK street vendors. It's cool to see they have a rice grinder and make the batter fresh. Really interesting to see how it's made and quickly assembled. I just wish they made 'zha leung' / rice roll wrapped around a fresh chinese cruller occasionally found (and botched) in dim sum places.
Always walked by this spot but never realized they had such tasty food here! It's conveniently located right by the subway stations on Main Street, Flushing.There are a variety of different steam rice rolls available with the option of having lettuce, corn, bean sprout, scallion, cilantro and egg in it. I had ordered the dried shrimp with lettuce, cilantro, scallion and egg. The rice roll was very soft and thin, which was very delicious. I had opted for the combo of peanut sauce and soy sauce for the dressing.Highly recommended!
What a treat. I've been eating rice noodle rolls practically since I came out of my momma's womb and I've never had them like this. Fresh made to order thin rolls with custom toppings...ingenious!You gotta watch them make these glorious thin rolls - they pour the batter and your selected ingredients onto a sheet pan and it gets gently steamed into a rice noodle. The way they work the batter and form it into noodles is mesmerizing. A beautiful process to witness!They're glutinous, soft, squishy, and flavorful, just like you'd expect them to be.Ordered mine with beef, egg, and scallions. The egg wasn't really necessary unlike some other reviewers suggested, but definitely opt for a good protein of your choice and scallions. Definitely getting in on the corn next time too!I should also mention as a non-mandarin speaker, I was grateful for English-speaking employees. Not always the case in Flushing unfortunately.These bad boys are dangerously good. So good I'm kinda glad I'm from Jersey. Eat more rolls, gain more rolls. Is it worth it you ask? Hell yes! Go to Joe's!
I am deep in love with this steamed rice roll! I have digestion problem, so recently I was exploring a light, gluten free but still nutritious snack. When I tried for the first time, it just melted in my mouth and smoothly digested. So I felt great after I ate. I chose shrimp, sprouts, cilantro as toppings. Veggie toppings are complementary. The seating was limited and little uncomfortable, so keep in mind when you bring somebody with you. Hope this place gets popular soon and expand to a bigger place! The owner speaks in Chinese mostly but he seemed like a good person.
Small little strip in a larger store on Main Street. There are a couple stools for people who want to stay but it does get a little cramped so I recommend having it to-go. There's a menu of the different rice rolls on the TV (no menus to go YET). You select the main filling (pork, beef, BBQ pork, curry fish ball, dried shrimp, shrimp, or just plain rice roll. Then, you have the vegetable options: corn, lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, and scallion. They give you three vegetable options for free. I opted for the beef rice roll with corn, cilantro, and scallions. They make it right in front of you so that was exciting to watch. There was a good portion of beef and veggies in the rice roll, most places skimp out and only put a couple pieces of meat but this place definitely gives more. It's a pretty solid taste, would definitely recommend to coworkers who are craving some churng fun!
There aren't too many places that make steamed rice rolls in front of you. I thoroughly enjoyed this place because you get to pick your meats and even additional vegetable toppings! Service was fantastic - both a guy (the cook) and a girl were very friendly and checked in from time to time. There were only four chairs and a small narrow table to eat on, but for a quick snack it's not a big deal. The portion is huge. A small for $4 isn't bad when the roll is deliciius, fresh and generous. It's placed on a plate so presentation is better than those places that throw them into a plastic box, which winds up making the food look all mushy and gross.  I liked the soft yet non gooey texture of the steamed rolls, and the beef had great flavor with the addition of eggs, scallions, and corn. We also got the dried shrimp, which in my opinion lacked a bit of flavor. The beef one won this one! Come if you want a quick cheap snack!
Yooo... Joe's Steam Rice Rolls is mad lit. I'm so glad I discovered this place from Yelp! I was really hungry this morning and I just happened to be in the vicinity. The exterior of the place is not really appealing, but good rice rolls invite a steady stream of business. When I try new places, I like to start with basics first.I ordered a Plain Rice Roll w. Corn, scallions, cilantro, and bean sprouts. I really like the texture of the rice rolls! It's glutinous, soft & squishy (hehe), embedded with veggies,  drizzled with sesame & soy-sauce, and piping hot and fresh from the rice roll making machine. There was this warm homemade feeling. I got it in size S, which was already filling enough for me. I wish there was some peanut sauce, and hoisin/oyster sauce. The flavor was pretty basic(basically like eating glutinous rice), and I really enjoy the "biting" flavor of the soy sauce. Customer Service does not affect this review, but I felt it was rude when the lady(prolly the boss) was like, in a low voice, "don't give too much topping.." in Mandarin right in front of me. wtf? I can understand Mandarin lmao. Vegetables are not that expensive, especially in flushing. *rolls eyes* Train your employee behind the scenes, not when your potential loyal customer is right in front of you. Overall, I really, really, really, enjoyed my rice roll, especially the texture. I've enjoyed the rice rolls at Fu Yuan(around the corner from Coco's), but I always thought it was sort of lacking. The answer was in the texture.
This place is AMAZING. I'm so glad it's located in the heart of Flushing. Not gonna lie, according to the address here it was a little hard for me to find at first because it pointed me to a office building..after staring at the building for about 5 minutes I looked to my right and there it was! The place looks very small on the outside but the inside is not bad. There were about 3 people working, one in which I believe is the owner. The lady that helped me was very friendly and spoke great English. Basically you choose the type of meat you want (Pork, Beef, BBQ Pork, Curry fish ball, Dried shrimp, (you can also get it without meat)) and then 3 side ingredients from the 5 (corn, lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, and scallions) and then you have the option to add an egg in there for $1 more. There is a large option for $6 and small for $4. I went with the large because that's the way to go. You can also watch your rolls being made which I thought was quite mesmerizing. 5 minutes later, I was presented with delicious rice rolls. I honestly didn't think I would be able to finish the whole thing but I devoured it in like 47 seconds. It was DELICIOUS! I plan to come here again and again...will recommend!
Growing up eating rice rolls from street carts, rice rolls have become a staple of my snack diet.There is now a place that makes fresh rolls, and you can add whatever toppings you want.$4 for a small, $6 for a large.  Toppings included in the price are scallions, corn, cilantro.I usually just get the classic dried shrimp with scallions.Takes about 5 minutes or so per order if there's no other orders ahead of you.  You can watch the chef in action spreading the liquid rice mixture into the steamer and sprinkle your requested toppings.Small seating area in the middle of the mini mall.
Joe's rice rolls are quite unique as I have never had them with corn and scallion before. It's also made fresh to order and the batter for your rice roll plus toppings are poured and mixed together in the steamer. I came here right when they opened Sunday morning and really wanted to try the curry fish ball rice roll but unfortunately, they didn't have any fish ball so I ended up getting the beef rice roll and opted for the corn and scallion toppings that everyone gets with no egg tho. Regular soy sauce (not the sweet kind) and hot sauce were given but next time I have to remember to ask for extra hot sauce. The rice roll was smooth and tasted pretty good, I actually prefer this kind over the ones with the peanut sauce. The staff here are very friendly and answer any questions you may have about their rice rolls. Definitely going back soon to try the other flavors and toppings they offer with an egg this time and the curry fish ball that I didn't get to try last time.
** 3.5 stars **Freshly steamed Cantonese rice rolls are one of my favorite foods, and it takes some looking around to find places in New York City that do it, and I'm still looking for one that can come close to places in the GTA in Canada, which are good enough to spur regular family trips just to eat, or just proof of how dear this humble food is to us.Joe's is one of the street-side vendors in a small indoor mall, across the street from the Roosevelt Avenue entrance to New World Mall.  Their specialty are Cantonese rice rolls, the rice ground in a stone mill, the batter poured out on a metal tray and steamed.  Those rolls make up the majority of the menu, which includes curry fish balls, tea eggs, and Chinese pancakes.Assemble the rice roll order by choosing from the following:- Size: medium or large (latter fills up a standard 9-inch styrofoam plate)- Main filling: shrimp, beef, pork, bbq pork, curry fish ball, dried shrimp (or plain, one size only)- Additional fillings: corn, lettuce, scallions, bean sprouts, cilantro, egg ($1 extra)- Optional sauces: soy, hot sauceMade to order, they'll come hot.  The rolls are very thin and wrinkled in appearance.  Mouthfeel is smooth, with quite a bit more chew than expected.  The flavor is bland, with less of a rice aroma than might also be expected considering the rice is milled on-site.  Sauces are needed.  The fillings are serviceable but they don't make or break the experience.  While these can be taken to go, they're best consumed right after being steamed, and some shared tables are available a few steps further into the mall to have them on.While Joe's rice rolls are much better than average rice rolls available from many a dim sum parlor, they are perplexingly forgettable, somehow just a bit too bland, a bit too chewy, and not silky enough.  Still worth a trip because of their freshness, and I will likely be back to sate an occasional rice roll craving.
This place is amazing. I Heard that he spent three days figuring out the perfect rice to water ratio and oh boy was it worth it. The staff are friendly and the Cheung fin is divine. You will never be disapponted
Fresh rice rolls made in front of you.  Fast, efficient service within a shopping alley in Flushing.  The rice rolls were good, as they were hot and good-tasting for 3 of them for $5 (including $1 egg) My only concern was that there was only a small amount of dried shrimp and I can only barely taste it.  Plus, the price is a bit higher than other places that serve the same thing.  But overall, I would maybe come back again for their fresh rice rolls.
Located in Flushing across from Macys on Roosevelt Ave.  I have been seeing pictures of Joe's steamed rice roll on my instagram feeds and on my Yelp feeds.  I just had to have it!  The store front is tiny and it's shared with other business in a mall.  They do have a sit down spot inside for to-stay diners. The process of making these is actually quite beautiful.  They pour rice flour mix into a giant steaming pan and they mix all of your ingredients in.  I ordered beef, corn and egg which came out to $7 (4 for steam rice roll, 2 for the beef, 1 for the egg and corn was free)The pan goes into an industrial steaming unit and in about 3-4 minutes they pop it out and roll and cut it up for you.  The rice roll is silky smooth, maybe the silkiest I've ever had. Everything was pretty good in terms of quality.  I still prefer the fishball steamed rice noodles with peanut sauce from other places over this if I had to choose a type of steamed rice rolls.  The soy sauce is not sweet like the dim sum soy sauce either, nothing wrong with that but I expected a sweetness to it.  I also feel like the egg can be skipped.  It doesnt really add anything to the flavor.  I would like to try the pork liver next time, that just sounds weird and I love bizarre type foods. Overall a good meal and worth a try.
After reading my friend Rich W's review, I had it bookmarked and decided come here tonight. I was rushing from the train station because this spot closes at 7pm says Yelp. I ordered a large Beef Rice Roll...he informed me that toppings are free...I choose corn and scallions and he suggested adding an egg which is definitely quite unique. I recorded videos of him working his magic making these delectable rice rolls but unfortunately they aren't supported for Yelp uploads #bummer!He gave me a little history on the rice roll...it's made with fresh ingredients! Awww too cute he offered one of mines piping hot from the steamer but I wanted to enjoy it with my parents. Shoot it takes me 25 mins to get via my bus. Finally got home and it was semi-warmish but tasted pretty yummy. The hot sauce lit my mouth on fire lol Definitely affordable for $6 (large) and $1 (egg topping)!Follow them on Instagram @steamriceroll
Joe's is a new stall at this location (Mio Mall) and makes fresh Cantonese style rice rolls.They are just like to ones I remember near Henry St and Market St (Sing Hing Lung) downtown Chinatown when I was growing up.Their style is from the mainland China where the rice roll skin is very thin.I tried the large beef rice roll with sesame seed and soy sauce. They didn't offer the heavier sauce or the peanut sauce other places use.  Rate 4/5.Try eating it asap for best taste! There is a seating area directly inside.I definitely will be back to try the other rice roll selections.
Freshly made right in front of you. I ordered shrimp steam rice rolls large size with add-on  eggs and veges all for 6 dollars. Diggin bc you'll love it. There could be a line but it's worth the wait. Joe, the owner, prepped and cooked my order--It's so DELICIOUS!!! come and try it!
The rice rolls are cooked fresh on demand, and it is quite tasty when you add the soy sauce, sesame seed, and white pepper. I like the rice roll with shrimp, egg, and various vegetables.
The steam rice rolls are very smooth. You have a choice of fillings. Shrimp, beef, pork, fish balls. Veggies , sprouts, scallion, cilantro, lettuce, corn can be added into the rolls.  Limit of 3.  They offer soy sauce and not sauce on the side. You can eat at the counter or to go. Small and lace but good food!  They have a crepe/pancake place next to it.  Not sure who runs it. The staff speak mandarin but if you order from the menu, you will be okay
Lead by my Yelper friends I arrived at Joe's Steam Rice Rolls for a late lunch at around 2pm and was glad I did. There was hardly a line. Ordering was super easy. You pick your toppings which include shrimps, beef and barbecue pork. I asked Joe the owner what the difference between small and large size were and he said that the toppings were larger in the large size, but the rice rolls were the same size. For example, for the shrimps the small size has only 5 shrimps, and the large, 10 shrimps. You have choices of 3 vegetable toppings which include scallion, cilantro, lettuce and corn. Extras include eggs and pork threads. Sesame seeds were a free offer.  As hungry as I was I ordered two small sizes of shrimp & BBQ pork toppings. The orders took awhile to be ready but that was because they made everything freshly in front of you. The rice cake is served with tangy soy sauce, and you can also add chili paste or chili oil. I went with the chili oil that added a nice nutty flavor. The rice cake itself was a little bit softer than the Vietnamese version that I'm used to, nonetheless it was still very enjoyable. The two small orders were large enough to satisfy my hunger and the damage was only $8. Will I come back? You betcha!
Quick snack bite.  No line on a Sunday afternoon at 3ishpm.  Ordered for takeout cause appparently parking is close to impossible.  Fresh indeed rice rolls however but lost on its flavoring sauces.   Good texture on their rice rolls and fresh ingredients in additions.  However their sauces were all in disappointment.   Their soy sauce were too salty when its supposed to be somewhat sweet.   It literally numbed my lips.  We ordered the rice rolls were special sauce (peanut butter sauce and hosien sauce).  There was no balance in the sauce and only tasted peanut butter and less hoisen even adding their soy sauce did no justice to its taste.  No good sauce no good rice rolls.  Probably will not go out the way to have it again.
The texture is amazing. I love a rice roll that's thin and yet silky. When you bite into it, there's a little chew. That's exactly what its like here. I took out one star because the sauce that came with the rolls weren't right. I'm used to the sweet soy sauce that's served in dim-sum rice rolls. Their sauce tasted more like the clay pot rice sauce, more salty. If they can get the soy sauce right, I'll update this review.
Joe is extremely hospitable! These were the best cheong fun I have ever eaten. The texture is just right. I recommend the peanut sauce with cheong fun. I don't even care for the meat, the noodles are that great! Next time I'm in flushing again, I'm definitely going to visit this place again!
Had an amazing experience with the rice roll. I tried the beef rice roll with corn, lettuce and bean sprout! You have to add the egg! The curry ball was a let down thou!
Very nice food presentation and the price is just right for the quality ingredients. I spent $22 lunch for 3 person. It is hard to get a seat.
So yes, $4.50 for a "small" portion of this is blasphemous in Flushing. But the quality of the rice roll (so soft and fresh) and the ingredients (plump, fresh shrimp and fresh herbs and veg)- not to mention each one is made to order- makes this a $4.50 very well spent. Wasnt too crowded late on a Sunday morning and order was ready within 5-10 min. There are no tables to eat at though, so be prepared to stand/walk and eat.
tasty authentic steam rolls here! I got the large pork steam roll with egg. They give you a generous helping and I was pretty full. The egg and free toppings definitely make the steam rolls tastier so pile up. I waited about 5-7 minutes which wasn't too bad. It was cool watching them make the rolls in front of you.
The noodles tasted good but the shrimp was not deveined and did not taste fresh.  I ordered a large and paid $6.50 so I was a bit surprised at how small the order turned out to be (comparable to a typical dim sum order)
I'm in the area frequently and I love getting quick, cheap food from here. I know there's many places in the area that can cater to plant based diets but the language barrier sometimes makes it difficult to be completely sure of what's in my food. This isn't the case with Joe's Steam Rice Rolls. I get the plain rice rolls with bean sprouts, cilantro, and lettuce. The food is made right in front of you and doesn't take long. They offer soy sauce on the side or a peanut butter sauce. A great deal for $3!
It's better than I expected.  I ordered a large size of beef with corn and cilantro.  I really enjoyed it.  I could eat another one but I decided to make it two large to go orders instead.  I think the texture tastes better when it's slightly cold.  Also, the to go boxes are not those small white plastic pint or quart containers. They are the plastic rectangular containers, so there's plenty of room the rice rolls won't stick it together.  Friendly staff and I think they are the family members and take term to run the place. There are no tables at all.  Only three high stools by the cashier.
3.5Cheap, but not enough meat......I only saw like 3 pieces of meat for the whole bowl. I wish they charge slightly more money and give me more meat. The fish ball is pretty nice and it's just a dollar. Basically I spent 5 dollars for 2 adults so it's a good deal.
Great spot to try out for their HK snacks. Got the rice roll with corn, lettuce and bean sprouts with beef and liked it. Loved their salty dumpling since it came with radish and pork as well (probably my favorite). It's a little small business and I wouldn't hesitant to come back if I were in flushing again!
This is kind of fast food place, it has a counter where about eight people can sit down and eat. They make the noodles right in front of you, so its really fresh. You pick what meat you want and what vegetables in your steamed rice noodle, add soy sauce, hot sauce or curry whatever you prefer and ready. I liked the pork dumpling with eggs, scallion, bean sprout, cilantro with soy sauce. If you are not in the mood for going to a restaurant, or just want to grab something fast, its a good place to eat in or take out. I will stop by again, if I come to the area.
Guangzhou steamed rice noodles! They let you choose the ingredients and they make it in front of you. It's quite interesting to see how they make it and the machine they use. Food is absolutely delicious and service is very friendly. They are located at the entrance of a mini shopping mall. There's a few tables and seats towards the middle of the mall but very limited. And they only have one steam machine so orders get really backed up when a crowd shows up.
OK, this place is just great. They imported their own rice mill and steamer to make this one dish to perfection. I could eat this every day. Maybe twice a day even!
omg. this is absolutely delicious, reminds me of my childhood when there were a bunch of steam roll carts in chinatown. this place couldn't have shown up at a better time. i could definitely eat these all day, everyday. also the difference between a small and large are the amount of toppings they put in, the amount of noodles are the same. also, if you want the curry fish balls just get the steam rolls with the curry fish balls, so much more worth it!
A great option for a snack/breakfast in flushing. I always appreciate it when establishments make the food fresh and in front of you. I went in on a weekday morning, right when they opened. Unfortunately they could not supply me with the BBQ roast pork version so I ended up getting the regular pork & of course I added an egg. It came out in a few minutes nice and fresh and you have a choice of adding the corn and the fixins. I added some chili oil on top of mine. If I ever need my fix of steam rolls, I'd come here.
They have a pending health inspection grade and the ingredients like shrimp aren't the highest quality, but I'll be damned if it isn't the best and freshest steamed rice rolls I've ever had. On top of that, they're also reasonably priced. Really would be great if they found a cleaner kitchen and higher quality ingredients because I would happily pay 50% more for it.
Nice place to go for a steamed rice roll breakfast, lunch, or snack. They make your order fresh in front of you. You pick the type: pork, beef, dried shrimp, shrimp, or curry fish ball. Add an egg $1 extra. Pick 3 vegetable filling like corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, or scallions. There is a small counter with 3 stools to eat-in. Large order is $6 and small is $4. The shrimp large $6.50 and small is $4.5. Can soda and bottled water is $1. One large order is good enough for me. The pork and beef were really good especially if you drizzle a little bit of hot sauce on them. The curry fish ball I would not recommend unless you are a big fan of curry.
Fast fresh and cheap. We order 4 plates shrimp stream rice rolls. Basically nothing was left off or plate at the end. Everything is cook by the order. Very lite and yummy.
Walking in, first thing to the left is a large pan with a steaming white sheet of rice noodles. To order, I went with the $4 small beef, scallion and sesame on top (accoutrements gratis).  For those who have had dim sum, with this, it is a different animal. Usually I would go with supple shrimp over a gray beef blend.Instead, this beef actually has some meaty flavor, less filling in it. The noodles are the highlight. Extremely thing, layered over and over on top of each other. The scallion cuts through the beef and sweetness of the noodles. I would go with a bit of chili oil to offer more complexity to the dish. A great portion for $4 as the large seems like too much, and better for 2 people.
I've been seeing this place on my Instagram feed lately and just had to give it a try. I was impressed, it was fresh and made to order. The rice rolls were light and silky and very smooth. Went during the evening so only got to try one order. Got the BBQ pork with cilantro and scallion, wanted to keep it simple. The cook though, said his fave was the beef and egg, so I will be trying that next time.
The rice roll is really tasty. I had a barbecued meat rice roll it's morning. With FREE corn and lettuce. I never had a rice roll with toppings. It turn out amazing. The mixture is wonderful. Price is reasonable. The sever/owner is very friendly. I will be sharing this place to my friends and coworkers!
The best part of this place and being able to watch him make it for you from grinding the rice into batter to the actual steaming. Only place in flushing where you can see it done. Very tasty, light, and fresh steam rice rolls for $4-6 each. I usually get the beef or pork with cilantro, scallion, and sprouts (adds a great crunch). Add an egg for $1.The stall is in a little space w other food and clothing stalls. There is some seating in front of the stall or a few steps around the corner.
Joe's served the best cheong fun (腸粉) I've had on this side of the Pacific. This is not the dim sum style, where the protein is wrapped in the noodle, but a different style where the toppings are mixed into the noodle batter and steamed together. It's definitely not a winner in the looks department, but lends itself to easy customization.The rice "noodle" is paper-thin, translucent, and smooth on the tongue. I chose beef as my protein and corn as my only veg (though you can have multiple vegetable toppings). The noodle is served with a sprinkling of sesame (optional) and soy sauce for dipping. A small portion was $4 and the perfect size for a light lunch. I took my noodle to go, but there's some seating in the back next to one of the stores in this mall. Service was friendly and multilingual.
I am a rice noodle/roll fanatic. It is a childhood favorite growing up so I try to get them as much as possible. I came here before I knew Anthony Bourdain decided to make his way over here at Joe's Steam Rice Rolls. The rice rolls are made to order and you have different choices of fillings. Not the absolute best rice rolls I've had, but definitely worth a try!
The rice rolls are so good, best I ever had. There is something about the rice rolls itself. I have had them twice already, once at the restaurant and once take out. They are chewy and soft all at the same time. There are a variety of toppings and the rice rolls itself are just so tasty. They aren't too thick. Service is exceptional as well. I love and wish this place was closer to the apartment.
I only find this rice roll place okay. I find it too pricey for what it is, rice rolls. It barely has filling. For $6-7 at Joe's, I expected a lot more filling in the rice rolls. I prefer the tiny rice roll place a block over on the other side of Main Street. Where a large is $4 with filling in it too. Sorry Joe, I find your product expensive for the area and I prefer the HK style street rice rolls and dim sum style too. And I'm sorry the soy sauce was not for me. I like the dim sum style soy sauce better and I like the sauces for HK style fresh rice rolls better too. Joe's soy sauce needs to be worked on.
Amazingly cheap and tasty. The curry fish balls really take me back to the street food in Mongkok Hong Kong! There are two sizes, regular and large. If you're looking for a satisfying small snack, get the regular and share with someone. For a meal, get the large! There's only a 1$-2$ difference, and the regular is around 4$. If you want a little sweetness, they offer to put peanut butter sauce on it! There's only a couple seats to sit, so you can take it to go.
Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls is the first food stand on the left hand side inside Mio Mall. I dropped by on a Friday night around 630pm and was surprised to hear that there was only enough rice flour for one more roll. While they are technically open until later, Joe's uses freshly milled rice slurry to make their rolls using the grinder in the front of the stand and often runs out early. I very happily ordered my rice rolls with pork and scallions and light sauce to go. The prices are a little pricier than I usually pay for rice rolls ($4 for rice roll base, $2 for additional toppings like meat, $1 for eggs, and vegetables for free) but the portions are large. My order filled a large takeout box and was relatively filling. The rolls were silky smooth, the pork fresh and the sauce flavorful. I ate mine quickly when they were still steaming hot but these definitely do not keep well and get gummy when cooled. I didn't see any seating in the area and it was a bit awkward to find somewhere quickly to eat. Hopefully with warmer weather, this won't be as big of an issue. (EDIT: it seems like there is some seating available so keep an eye out!)The staff team at Joe's were extremely pleasant to talk to and were knowledgable, accommodating and helpful. They also mentioned that they may be extending their hours to meet the breakfast rush with more offerings available so I will most definitely be returning.
Very interesting and entertaining to see them make the rice rolls right in front of you. It is definitely fresh. I still prefer the rice rolls at the dimsum houses because there's more flavor. Overall, not bad. Not too much stuffing and it's more expensive than the dimsum house.
If you were too walk inside, your eyes will definitely roll around and around trying to take in all the stimuli. In one area you see Chinese crepes and steamed rice rolls being made right before your eyes, turn right and you might be looking at a make-up cosmetics counter, and further pass the food signage, cute children's lunch boxes on shelves.  Ignore all but the food area. If you are lucky to snag a seat at the counter, you can enjoy rice rolls made to order. There is small ($4) and large ($6) and your choice meat/protein or plain, then again choose three veggies, which get enveloped into the rolls. If you want an egg that is $1 extra. A nice added touch is the sesame seeds and don't forget to have sauce your way too!  Never thought lettuce would taste good in my rice roll, but how wrong was I! They cut the rolls for easier eating so each square is a billowy delicious pocket of goodness.  Lunch time is very busy, so take out might be a good option. The folks here work really hard. The Chinese crepe looks good too, can't wait to try it next. Some of the folks here speak English very well, so don't be deterred. Get in there and get some custom goodness.
The novelty lies in the grinder and since I came later in the evening, it was already retired for the day. Staff was very charming and welcoming in a way that's uncommon in Flushing when you're an English speaker, but the food was subpar.The rice noodles are definitely fresh: fresh in a way that you can taste and smell the rice starch very keenly, which is unfortunate because it's a very raw flavor akin to a freshly opened bag of rice flour. It is neither masked nor improved with the selection of toppings. The variety is like the bubble tea gimmick--add anything and everything whether or not it complements. While I love corn, why wrap grain in grain? On a positive note, the shrimp was fresh. Lastly, the sauce tasted like diluted light soy sauce with water-like consistency. I don't really have an opinion other than it's palatable and a change from the usual slightly sweeter mixtures.Ultimately, the grainy albeit fresh noodles accompanied with a frugal smattering of filling was anticlimactic. While not the most exciting, even standard dim sum cheong fun is leagues better, and half the price to boot. Really wanted to love this place, but the lovely staff can't comp for expensive and mediocre street food.
The best Cantonese rice roll ever! In New York, the Cantonese rice noodles and rice roll are always thick and really semitransparent with a strong sauce absorption. Joe didn't follow them. He got the point of the best rice proportion, and make the rice skin in a very Chinese way. The ingredient of the rice mixture are really orthodox, and tast different from other venders.  Take a sheet of rice skin with meet or shrimp. Steam it for a little  while. A smooth, unsticky, pliable with just a little semitransparent rice roll can be done . If you try once, you will not forget it anymore.But I would like to say that the space is pretty limited for seating there. I have to take them back home.
I really like this hole in the wall place. Line moves pretty fast. The food is fresh and delicious.
I read about Joe's steam rice roll in Edible Queens. I am glad I looked for this tiny shop! The location is a little mini-mall in Chinatown with a small counter. My first time getting a steam rice roll. I could see my meal being prepared. Very interesting! My fresh shrimp with scallions, corn and sprouts with egg in the rice roll was delicious! I highly recommend! They serve Chinese pancakes as well as rice rolls. coffee/tea/beverage service was not available yesterday. With the 'extras' on my roll, my meal came to $10.50. There are many options available with the rice rolls - vegetables, pork, dried shrimp, fresh shrimp, etc. I recommend you go check out Joe's Steam Rice Roll.
Fantastic fresh steamed rice rolls made to order right in front of you. Definitely a must on your flushing food crawl.
Came here after 2pm on Saturday to try steam rice roll at this new place.  I missed my favorite scallion steam rice roll at Lok Lok (closed permanently).  Ordered the plain with scallion.  Based on owner's recommendation, ordered beef with scallion and corn.  They were made right in front of you,  The texture is thin, silky and smooth.  The plain with scallion does not have enough scallion compared to Lok Lok, also this is more expensive.  However, I do like the beef steam roll.  The beef added a good flavor to the whole dish and the corn was surprisingly a good addition too.Seating is VERY limited.  Glad that we came after lunch rush and were able to get a table and chairs.Soy milk and curry balls are not available.Will definitely come back again.
Nestled away in a tiny food strip mall across the way from the New World Mall are some of the best (and only) nice noodles you can get outside of dim sum.The rice flour is stone ground on the premises and then each rice noodle is steamed to order from the freshly ground rice flour.You have a choice of pork, beef, shrimp, dried shrimp-and some others. Prices start at $4-4.50 for small and $6-$6.50 for large. We split a large because this was our second stop (we had which bear dumplings, which is about a block and a half away). For an upcharge  you can add egg. You get three free add ons. Out of the five options we chose corn and scallion. At the end they topped the rice noodles with some sesame seeds and a light brown sauce, perhaps Hoison. Overall, I would highly recommend trying these rice noodles! There are tables in the back to dine.
I am a Cantonese and this is the best place to get steam rice rolls unless you are taking an airplane back to Guangzhou. The outside rice layer is very thin, smooth, and soft. Meet is also fresh. Rice rolls with curry fish balls are also tasty and very close to what you would get in Hong Kong.
Amaaaaazing rice rolls. A real treat that is impossible to find in this country.Melt in your mouth texture, with balanced delicate flavors. Highly, highly recommended.
You can easily walk past this place since it's so tucked away but that would be a mistake. For a measly $4, you can get a "small" plate of rice rolls that are perfect for lunch. I got beef with corn, scallions, and sesame seeds and it definitely filled me up. They have extra sauces on the counter if you need more which was a nice touch. The rolls were perfectly made and I couldn't be happier. My friend got the barbecued pork with scallions and it was great! I didn't know what to expect with the sweeter meat but it didn't disappoint. This place is definitely a keeper!
It is very good & steam rice rolls are my favorite . I always come and eat steam rice rolls once a week. The boss and the workers are very friendly .
Rice rolls that focus on fresh and made to order. I don't know how they can make the rice rolls so soft, silky, and thin creating the perfect marriage of meat, vegetable, and rice flour. Got my order in fewer than 5 minutes and I love how they put soy sauce on the side so that your rice rolls do not end up soggy like other places. Definitely the go to cheap eats in Flushing.
Cheap, delicious and fresh. Fun to watch them make it too. Vegetarian friendly (free veggie add-ons like cilantro, scallions, bean sprouts, etc.) Seating is limited but available nearby. I order a small dried shrimp roll and it was a nice size -- pleasantly surprised. Also tried the beef cabbage roll. Yummy. Three orders plus the fish balls came to $14 with an egg add-on. (Skip the curry fish balls tho. Small and salty. No flavor.)
We wanted to grab a quick snack in Flushing. Since I am a big fan of steamed rice noodles, we stopped here for a quick bite. The noodles are freshly made and super thin almost like paper thin. You can add  toppings to the noodles.
Cheap filling and delicious little Cheung fun place. Hit the spot for cravings and had a small but good enough selection. Curry fish balls were not my favorite but the pork and beef are good.
Made to order steamed rice rolls with your choices of veggie toppings, you can pick up to 3 kinds for free! Add an egg for extra charge! You should definitely finish the food right after it's served, they have a tiny counter and some tables inside the store.
100% freshly hand made. I love coming to this place every time I'm here in Downtown Flushing.   They do offer medium for $4 and large for $6 (except fresh shrimp $4.5 for medium and $6.5 for large).  The owners are extremely friendly and welcoming.
Joe's steam rice rolls are very soft and fluffy. You first order your meat that goes inside your rice rolls and choose three veggie garnishes. Eggs are $1 extra. The steaming process takes about 5-7 minutes. On weekends this place is packed. Lines end up outside the store. You can also call ahead to place orders. The workers speak both English and Chinese mandarin. The owner I believe speaks Cantonese. Try their fresh made soy milk. Very good and taste way better than the ones you get at a supermarket. Wish they had more seats inside.
First i had no idea i would be eating here today. Wifey and I decided it be a good thing to goto Flushing and try something differebt and new. So we walk and upon arrival right at the door we notice the small shop. It was about 1130am, so they had just open. I got to watch first hand how freshly made the steam rice rolls are made. We asked for 3 orders. Shrimp rice roll with cilantro and scallions and a side of hot oil. Hands down this one has a nice crunch and taste. The shrimp was very tasty and the dish itself was very light. The shrimp with cilantro and scallions was a perfect combination.  My wife loved the curry fish ball rice noodle, very taste, had a little bit of sesame, abd very well balance dish. The dish was drizzled with the traditional peanut, sesame and plum sauce.   My least favorite were the beef rice rolls. We both felt the beef did not carry enough flavor to compete with the 2 others. Will come back again and bring the rest of the family. Only problem i can see is that there were only 6 seats in the back area, so seating down maybe optional. I think this would be more of a togo meal. Either way Joe has a winning recipe for his steam rice rolls.
I visited for the first time today. The stall is conveniently located right by the 7 train subway station (as well as many bus stops). I ordered small rice rolls with three (free) veggie add on's (great for vegetarians) for only $3. It was pretty fast too, less than 5 min, the guy was done. You can watch them make it right in front of your eyes so you know it's fresh. It was delicious and filling. I would definitely come here again. There is some limited seating in the back; it's a bit dirty and unkept. Unfortunately, I did not see any trash cans for me to dispose of my garbage. Other than that, a quick and delicious bite.
Joe's Steamed Rice Rolls located in Flushing. This place offers authenti and traditional Chinese foods. This is a place definitely worth trying. The owner brings the old fashioned Guangdong stone milled rice rolls and makes with fresh toppings and you can also ask for add egg on it. Great food and great service. They also have curry fish balls, scallion pancake, tea egg and stone milled soy milk to serve.
I never used yelp before but Joe's steam rice rolls is worthy to spending the time to sign up an account! Four days vacation here in New York and wanted to explore traditional Chinese cuisines around Flushing. Instead going somewhere else, I was stuck with this shrimp and beef rolls with egg, no vegs. Had to have it everyday no matter what. Never know how smoothy and wonderful steam rolls can taste and how patient I am waiting in a long line before this one. The owner is nice and employees are friendly. My flight is in 3 hours and Joe's steam rice rolls is my last stop before heading to airport. What should I do without this yummy steam rice rolls?
Really delicious perfectly balanced fresh steamed rice rolls. Got the beef with egg bean sprout and corn. $5 for a small. Good enough for a meal or snack. Minimal seating and quick service.
I like to eat rice rolls almost every weekend either from the cart ladies on the street or at dimsum or wherever I can find them. So when I found out that a fresh rice roll place popped up in Flushing I decided to check it out. This location is at the front of the mio life mall right on Roosevelt. After trying to come here a few times during opening week and being unsuccessful at getting some- they were either closed or no one was behind the counter or no rice base left I finally got to come in the middle of the afternoon to try it. What makes Joe's different is the freshly made rice base created by using a mill to grind and make his own homemade rice flour for the slurry that makes up the rice rolls. The whole process is fascinating especially as he swirls your toppings deftly over the wide metal pan and slides it expertly into the steam drawer. There are a ton of toppings to choose from but I mostly go for the plain noodles no meat filling since veggies like corn, scallions and beansprouts are free. The meat fillings are an extra $2 like baby shrimp, regular shrimp, beef and roast pork. I only added an egg for $1 which is cracked in over the fillings and yolk is scrambled over the top right before steaming. Even the cutting process is cool as it is delicately folded and sectioned. The end result is a very soft almost translucent noodle. I liked the egg, scallion and corn combo I got. It was like a medium sized portion and filled me up just enough. Each order takes awhile since these are all freshly steamed. But there are a few stools at the counter to watch the show as he makes each one. They take about 5 minutes to steam. They also gave me a good sized container of sweet soy sauce and peanut sauce on the side for the noodles and sprinkled some sesame seeds on top as requested. I think they use creamy skippy to make their sauce but either way I liked it. The best time to come is half an hour to an hour after opening so he gets the rice flour and everything else prepped and definitely before 5 in case he runs out cuz once theres none he's done.
I think I would give it a 3.5, but rounding up because I think they are pretty good.The first time I came here with a friend I had the pork rice roll with egg, bean sprouts, scallions and cilantro. My friend picked the shrimp one with the same toppings. The pork one was ok, but nothing too special. It felt like when you have leftover roast pork and you throw it in for a little extra heartiness. The shrimp was ok too, but it was a little disappointing because they were a bit overcooked, so they were getting a bit on the mushy side. The bean sprouts added a little crunch and the egg made the dish a little heartier. Bean sprouts added a nice crunch to it. Although I asked for cilantro, I couldn't really taste it but I did notice they put lettuce it, so they might have mistaken that part. We both ordered a large and it came out to $14 which was pretty pricey for two orders. We both weren't really full from it but thankfully we were going to eat other things that day.I came back again with another friend and this time we shared one large order. We went for the beef with egg, corn, scallions and cilantro. I would say beef is the better one of the three. I usually dislike beef rolls because most places have a beef paste for the filling, but this place uses minced beef which I prefer in terms of texture. The corn added a bit of sweetness and texture to it which I liked. The scallions and cilantro added a little freshness to it. If I do come back, I would probably just order the beef one next time. Again prices are a bit high for it, but they do make it right there for you to see so you know it's fresh. There is very limited seating in this place because it shares a space with various vendors so it is best to get it to go. I did notice they had seats right in front of their space, but it gets packed around breakfast time, so unless you want to be surrounded by customers trying to order, I would just take it to go.
I was so excited to finally get to try these rice rolls! After seeing the videos of how they're freshly made to order, I had to have it. I was disappointed either. They're located in a shared space with other vendors and they have a few bar stools at their tiny counter for customers who can't find seating in the area a little further back into the strip. You get to pick a protein (beef, pork, shrimp, etc) and then 3 add ons (lettuce, corn, scallions, cilantro, and egg for extra $). They then make your order right there! They add a soy sauce and if you want, peanut sauce and hot sauce. The rice rolls are fresh, silky, and reminds me of Chinese comfort food. I would've liked if the soy sauce was slightly sweet like they serve at dim sum since it was mostly salty and didn't completely compliment the rolls. I got the beef rice rolls with corn, scallions, and cilantro, and added egg, and shrimp with lettuce, scallion, and cilantro. My other tiny gripe was that the shrimps were a bit small and still had the poop vein inside. Other than that, I really enjoyed it and the egg was a nice addition. The order was made quickly and I would definitely come back to get my cheurng fun fix.
Delicious rice rolls, got the large beef with lettuce, corn and eggs (extra charge to add eggs). Loved how well their soy sauce went with everything and service was friendly.
They use a big steam pan to make their rice rolls, so the noodles come out especially thin and silky ^_^
Best rice rolls I have tried in Queens.  The skin is think with a nice chewiness.
I had a shrimp rice rolls and pancake... Its pretty tasty "Cheung fun" and pancake. Huge portion too!
I ordered the steam rice rolls with bean sprouts, eggs & green onions.  It's my first time having steam rolls mixed with eggs.  It was good, silky and innovative.  It could've been better.  It's lacking the rice flavor which was why it was very translucent.  The staff was efficient.  I only waited 5 mins for my order considering there were 3 orders ahead of mine
Excellent quick meal or snack. $5 gets you fresh made rice roll with choice of meat, veggie toppings and an egg. I've had the beef (sliced) and the pork (ground). The small size is enough for me and it's only $2 more for a large. Ingredients are fresh and the texture of the noodle is great. The store is in the front of a mini food mall with a coffee store and dessert store as well.  Nice addition to Flushing.
Finally a place that uses 100% beef for beef steamed noodles (gnow cherng / niu chang) and none of that pasty shit!!!So when I was a kid... probably 20 years ago or so... (damn now I feel old bringing it up) a handful of places used real beef in steamed noodles. Every one knew where they were. Then commodity prices went up. Along with rent. Cost of living. And one by one they replaced real beef with some pasty mushy brown stuff in the rice noodles. I accepted that this was the evolution of times and some things I had no control over. Yesterday I took the subway home to see parents for the weekend and see a line for this rice noodle place --- oh yeah?! Is the hype for real???IT. WAS. REAL. REAL BEEF.  This will be my excuse to "go home to see parents" more often. (Oh damn after checking pics I think I might have my rice noodle stalls mixed up... too many on Roosevelt :X you can hold my 5 stars for now)
I love made to order rice rolls. They don't stick together when they're fresh and there's such a pleasing fluffiness to them. They make em fresh at Joe's and they're great. Make sure to spend the extra $1 to and an egg and another extra $1 to get four curry fish balls (that were kind of lukewarm, disappointingly).
Very good steam rice rolls! Staff are friendly and it's interesting watching them make ur food in front of you. Fast service.
Uniquely different from the usual rice rolls served at dim sum restaurants, the rice rolls served here come in much lighter dough and has very generous portion sizes. I definitely prefer this version to its heavier cousin...my thinking is that somehow rice rolls got bastardized in the US as Chinese restaurants slowly adapted to white ppls' tastes. Oh well. At least it's making a comeback now! The large and small options are priced at $6 and $4, respectively and it's totally worth grabbing as a snack before you continue on your Flushing trek.
Smooth and thin rice rolls. My only complaint is that their soy sauce is terrible. They dilute regular soy sauce and give that crap to people. First I tried it with their soy sauce. It was absolutely horrible. Good thing I took all the rice rolls home and used the Lee Kum Kee Sweet Soy Sauce that I had at home to save the dishes!!  With my own sauce I bought at the supermarket, then I really enjoyed the food.  3 stars only because without the soy sauce correction it isn't great.
I always wondered when someone was going to open up a shop exclusively for rice rolls.  That dish is my favorite part of dim sum but I've never found a truly great place that made it like they do in Hong Kong.  Well, now I finally found one!  You are able to put in lots of other toppings that they don't have in dim sum places such as cilantro, eggs, bean sprouts, etc. And seeing the grain mill in action makes it that much better.
The owner was very friendly and kind. The steam rolls were freshly made on the spot right in front of you. He even was kind enough to upgrade an egg for us. Would return for good customer service, and freshness of food.
This steamed vermicelli roll in here is really good. It made me feel like in Guangzhou again.
I've tried many times of Joe's Steamed rice roll. Overall I give Five stars. In the beginning the rice roll i had tried was sticky and thick. And now over months of improvements, they made it right at the spot! The rick rolls are snow white, smooth smooooth smooooth and fresh!  Willing to recommend? = YES!
Awesome steam rice rolls! Fresh! Made from scratch! We got the curry ball and the bbq pork rolls. Pretty good. You can add toppings to your order like egg or corn or lettuce. Good flavor. Decent portion. Totally coming back to try the other items. They sell tea eggs and soy milk too. There isn't any places to sit. More of a take out place. They charge $6 for the large size and $4 for small size.
This is the best rice rolls that I've tried in New York. Highly recommend it! The rice roll skin is thin and chewy, just like what I had back in Guangzhou. Ordered three different ones: beef, shrimp, and plain with egg. All are good. I finished them all before I remembered to take a picture. Will come back for large portion.
I ordered the pork, beef, roast pork & shrimp. I loved the pork the best. The steam rolls were all consistent and soft. They just get it right!
The service is good and price is affordable. I ordered a egg steam rice. It tastes awesome. Next time I will try again
How do you determine if a steam rice roll store is good? The roll has to be smooth, and put lots of sauces. You know, steam rice rolls do not come with any taste and they really rely on the sauces to give the flavor.This place? Meh. First of all, it's not even in a roll shape but rather, some steamed thing pushed together. Is it smooth? Kind of.. yeah, I'll give you that. But here's the deal breaker.... they are very stingy on sauce. That really killed the fun of eating steam rice rolls. Is the food edible? Yes. Did I enjoy eating it? Nah...
The rice rolls are to die for. No seating available so you kinda have to eat standing up outside on the sidewalk. So so so delish.
You can't beat fresh tasting food, that is also delicious. My favorite is Barbecue Pork, with Corn and scallions.  Get Large, that is a meal (for avg size person).
they open at 8:30am does not mean you can get your food before 9am. i came here twice at 8:45am,and8:50am, they are opened but nothing got set up yet. rice rolls is not bad, they have Oden, but only the Daikon is good.
Watching these being steamed in high-tech equipment was an experience in itself. Actual taste of the rice roll was great but some may find slimey.
Go to Chinatown in manhattan u can get real rice rolls with meat inside.... the meat here is old and decaying lmao
This is the best type of dim sum food I have ever tasted ... it's something you cannot find anywhere else ... I've been here twice in three days ... it's a must try
Just tried the small size steamed rice roll with shrimp. It's good. And small size enough  for a girl.
Surprisingly pricey for rice rolls compared to other places I've been.... but the quality is better. I ordered a large beef ($6) with egg ($1 extra) and ordered three free "vegetables"- corn, cilantro and scallion. Re- Steamed it when I got home and poured on the sauces they generously packed for me. Delicious. If you think about it being a meal for one, it's not that badly priced. This place was the least oily and most tasty rice roll place I've been to.
I ordered based on the positive reviews I read here. What a let down. 4 stars for entertaining value of watching the rice sheets being made. They have no idea how to roll it. It's scraped with a scraper into a convoluted pile and shoved unceremoniously into a styrofoam box. I ordered the roast pork (Char Siew) and the shrimp version. It wasn't Char Siew as I know it, just shredded cooked pork - tasteless. The shrimp was precooked - bland. The soy sauce that came with it was just that; not like the sweetened version you get with Cheung Fun at the Dim Sum restaurants. Not Cantonese Dim Sum by any standards.Also ordered the crepe, I don't remember the name they gave it. It comprised of a fried pancake dough with bean sprouts, egg and choice of ham or bacon. Looked interesting - the result was a tough and chewy Burrito. Definitely not worth the time to stand in line to order.4 stars for the concept - good location with large window by the street that catches the attention of pedestrians. Lots of foot traffic near intersection of Roosevelt & Main. Their success also comes from reviews here and other sites, possibly through Social Media also.4 stars for value; you get the carbs and protein in an inexpensive meal. Fills the stomach. Knocked off 1 star for waiting time and lack of space to eat it.
fresh rice rolls, great service. tasted different than the typical dim rice sum rolls because they make their own rice paste.
Great place to stop for a snack. This needs to be a chain around the city. I'd eat here 3x a week if I lived Flushing.
Like many people who love dim sum, I always look forward to the steamed rice rolls. Hearing about a place that ONLY makes steamed rice rolls? I cried tears of joy. The menu is simple. It's made fresh before your eyes. If there's a seat, sit down and enjoy. Or if you're like me horde a few large orders, carry them home, and eat them away from everyone's shaming gaze. I chose not to add an egg because I like the classic texture of the rice roll and the filling I chose; no distractions. Maybe next time, I'll add an egg to one. Maybe.
Joe's Steam Rice Rolls are satisfying on so many levels: the rolls are freshly-made by hand right in front of you by the owner and are super delicious; the additional veggies, sesame seeds, and hot oil provide the perfect umami flavor profile; and, the large-sized rice rolls sit well in your stomach and completely wiped away my hunger pains. There are small wooden tables to the side where you can sit and much on your rolls without interference. Would definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat when you're hungering to satisfy a craving for rice rolls. Say hi to Joe!
This is a great place to eat steam rice roll ( Cantonese style). Best in town rice rolls and the young owner learn from China the skill to make rice rolls. Passion and quality very good place to eat.
I've had rice rolls in the past at either the food trucks or the random open store window, but never one that makes it so fresh! What a difference in flavor! Sooooo glad this spot is open. The texture is soft and chewey while the extras add a nice touch. Best part is that it is right near the train so I can grab one before work!
So yummy, the price is good, and environment is comfortable. The pork steam rice is very special and delicious.
It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing.  How this place got 4.5 stars, I have no idea.  Their noodle's are good quality, but their filler isn't that flavorful, which is why this place is a 3 star for me.  I heard Anthony Bourdain came here. Don't let that hype you up.  He's great on TV, but that doesn't automatically make this place incredible.
Flavors are good but they didn't clean the shrimp. I had to throw the whole thing out.
Had high expectations for this place because of the good reviews. But the steam rolls tastes really bland, even with the sauce they put on it. Won't come here again.
The food is cheap and the food came out hot. I've tried the pork rice roll, BBQ pork rice roll, beef rice roll, and Chinese pancake and they all were very basic..nothing mind blowing. I Wish they had different sauces that can enhance the flavor and make it more tasty. If you're just looking for quick cheap eats, this may be the place for you.
Silky and smooth steam rolls I ever had in New York. Super nice boss! 10/10 will come again.
The rice rolls were great. The slurry comes from a stone mill ground rice and water not from flour. It is really fresh. It is the right consistency that even some dim sum places don't get right. It is just the right firmness and not mushy at all. The menu is simple but in Chinese. That is ok, Joe is really friendly. I got the shrimp and my brother got the beef. Large order. He cracks an egg onto the roll and steams on a metal sheet with the filling. The shrimps could be larger. I also would have like some peanut butter sauce too. But the roll was perfect chewiness.
Visiting from Miami, staying in Flushing n found this hidden gem. Gotta say I'm amazed by the rice rolls they have comparing with ones they sell at dim sum places. Will def come back for my next visit!
Best steam roll ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The toppings are fresh. The owner is funny and knowledgeable. I will definitely be back for their new menus.
This place is great, pretty much the best steam rice rolls I've had in NY. their small portions are big!! as in you will be able to finish it by yourself but won't be eating anything else after that.Apparently they are going to start opening even earlier during the summer (around 8 am). Which makes me very excited about getting my breakfast here for my summer classes. from this location I have tried both the pork and the beef, both very good. somehow they manage to make the rolls thinner in this manner making the rolls wrinkly (which is very good) so more sauce can seep into this delicious simple treat. so good so good.
I hear a lot about this place ,finally I have a chance to check this place out on my summer vacation . Tried the small beef steam rice roll with free topping / corn and scallion ( because I want it to be more simple some I can have more taste of the roll ). $4 for quite a lot portion of rice roll. The owner is very friendly love to share his story about why he wanna making this amazing rice roll,he simply just told me . That he wanna bring his hometown taste to New York  since no body wanted to . Amazing roll. Really soft and taste . I will come back for the next 4days and have enough roll before I leave NYC.
A take off of the traditional beef and shrimps Chong fun rolls.  They are very good here.  A great brunch item.  I can't get enough of it.  All the items on the menu are very good.  Go for it even though if there might be a sustantial waiting time.
As a Cantonese, I can tell the rice rolls here are really authentic, better than any other rice rolls I've ever had in New York. I will definitely come back!!
This is my mom's favorite place to go. It's all she talks about now. Why? She is from HK and this places bring back memories for her.  They make authentic steam rice rolls - not the kind that comes out cold and hard in tea house. These are pillow soft!  Even I can tell the difference! This place is also SUPER CHEAP!
The steamed rice rolls seem pretty orthodox.Something you can only taste in China.You wont regret trying. The portion is quite big as well. I would definitely come again.
People proclaiming this to be the best rice rolls ever have never had good rice rolls. He is clearly ripping off the popularity of Sung Hing Lung in C-town or any of those street cart venders. I love rice rolls so when I saw this I immediately wanted to try it. These rolls were ok but for the price not worth it especially considering I could get cheaper and better from a street car. When you come to Flushing you are looking for cheap eats that also has to taste good. Also the service was not great, my order was ready and I had paid for it when I ordered. The person behind the counter wouldn't hand it to me because she was helping other costumers. At one point she even walked off somewhere, I think to get some change. Finally I had to ask if that was mine that was just sitting there. Of course it was cold by the time I got to eating it. They only included one container of soy sauce for my take out & didn't even ask if I wanted peanut or hot sauce.
Best cheung fun in NY. Thin, soft, slight chewiness. Fresh steamed to order. Got the beef and dried shrimp. Mixed in some veg as well. Tasty. Nuf said.
Happy I came here with my mom after searching yelp for breakfast. I got bbq pork steamed rice rolls--they were soft but could've used more generous filling. A small will run you $4 and a large is $6. Veggies are free. Overall it hit the spot and I'll probably come back another time.
The texture of the rice roll doesn't feel like hand made, but still very traditional canton food which I love.
Quite authentic rice roll  in Hong Kong style with a modern twist: can add some new ingredients like veggies, onions etc. The rice roll itself is perfectly cooked, though I do recommend making better sauces. The chili sauce is not spicy and aromatic enough. The soy sauce is fresh out of the bottle without additional seasoning like usual rice roll dim sum place: one shall cook it with vegetable oil and sugar prior to serving.
I'm appreciated the owner's attempt to bring authentic Cantonese rice roll. However the roll itself lacks of flavors. Also the price is way higher than other similar street foods in the neighborhood.I will not go back.
Delicious and delicate.  Rice roll was silky smooth and perfect. So much better than any dim sum place. You can choose your fillings and they make it on the spot so it's fresh and yummy! Must try!
Came in an hour prior to closing and ordered BBQ pork rice roll. It was cool to see it being made fresh. Portions are pretty decent for price you paid. Flavor is unique with rice roll (much thinner than usual din sum resraurant). There are a few seats to sit in food court. Will definitely be back to try other flavors.
Delicious  snacks, bring back lots of childhood memories in HK.  Wish the mall has an area for dining
Definitely the best steam rice rolls in town.  Unlike other places, the rice rolls here is amazingly smooth and fresh. The roasted pork rice rolls is a must have.
Super good rice rolls! We got the shrimp with all the yummy add ons (bean sprout, egg, cilantro) for only $4 and it was big enough for two people to snack on. Will come again when in Flushing for sure-5 out of 5!
