I'm so happy my colleagues brought me here for dinner.  Raised in LA spoiled with great food, I have to tell all this place is superb!  A very skilled Chef pays attention to detail and put a lot of thought in preparing his dishes.  My favorite is the large sashimi platter we ordered;  quality is fresh, beautifully and delicately cut in the correct thickness.   Highly recommended!
My friend and I had a good first experience at Robata for lunch on a Saturday. We came here early when it wasn't busy and we were seated right away. First impressions, interior decor was clean, comfortable and modern. Didn't feel like we were in Flushing..lol They had a decent sized menu, with plenty of options, including a lunch menu, but we were both craving sashimi, so we went with the sushi/sashimi combo for 2 for $80, which included a few pieces of sushi, 30 pieces of sashimi and a signature roll of your choice from the menu. We opted for the Fantastic Box signature roll, which had spicy tuna over salmon and tuna filling. The wait for our food wasn't bad..I think we only waited about 15 minutes. In the meantime, they brought over a small plate of edamame with sea salt sprinkled on top, for us to munch on. This was nice, because many sushi restaurants make you pay for the edamame..and they can charge as much as $5-8. I'll give a solid 4 stars for their presentation of the food. Generous slices of sashimi, over a leaf and presented over a bed of shaved ice. And the Fantastic Box was served on a separate plank. Everything tasted pretty good. The fish was of good quality. The signature roll was quite delicious, with a good rice to filling ratio. We really enjoyed the King Salmon and the slices of Toro were probably the highlight of all the fish! Service was pretty good for Flushing. The only complaint I have for their service, is the waiter who brought us our food, didn't do a good job in explaining which types of fish was in the combo. And I didn't think the amount of food we got in the combo, warranted an $80 price tag. Other than that, this was a great first experience here. I do have to point out, that I really like their restroom..LOL The design of the sink is quite interesting. (I didn't have my phone with me, so I couldn't take a pic unfortunately.)
Food: nothing special, it's not real robata, but good deal for lunch special and their fish is fresh and good quality Atmosphere: nice and cleanService: good for flushing area
Food is a 3/5 at best, and price is a 1/5. The uni is bitter and it doesn't really feel that fresh, but it didn't stop them from selling it for $40 a dish. Unagi is good but then again, those cold packaged ones from a decent Asian market are just as good, except they are probably 70% cheaper. Overall this place has not offered anything more than something I can either already get from any grocery market or make myself, and therefore I feel I have been cheated out of my money. I got shilled into this place from a Wechat group that recommends restaurants in the New York area. I will not make the same mistake again next time.Also the waiter never bothered to ask if I want to pack away the leftovers, he kind of just took the away before I could say anything.
The fried rice was good. The robato sushi was okay. If you like crab meat you'll really like it. The spicy angry dragon is good. Baked clams were good. Bacon with scallops you can't go wrong. Robato sushi and sashimi was disappointing. The tuna was not that fresh. The salmon and the white fish was the only fresh fish. The freshness is very important in deciding how well a sushi place is.
Robata takes the place of another Japanese eatery in the same location but is far better than its predecessor.  The menu here is standard Japanese with sushi, cooked items like katsu and teriyaki as well as a few noodle dishes to boot.The quality of the fish here is pretty good, especially if you're used to getting suspect cuts in other Flushing sushi spots.  The lunch specials here are also a really good value as you get a lot for your money and its hard to leave hungry.Service here is also pretty good and is a cut above your usual Flushing service.  The servers are polite, attentive and treat their patrons well.  I'm still not sold that Flushing can ever produce an excellent sushi restaurant but this place is a good start.  Thumbs up.
This is one of the better sushi places in the area. Although it was not the best sushi/sashimi I have tried, it was fresh and if I was nearby and wanted sushi/sashimi I would come here again. The service was great considering that it's in Flushing. The staff was friendly and the waitress was really attentive to refilling our hot teas. My family and I were seated at the sushi bar seats since it was busy one weekend night and the staff there were open to talking to us about dessert options (there are some specials that are not on the menu so don't be afraid to ask). I also tried other foods besides sushi/sashimi. The wagyu beef heated up on top of pebbles was a nice presentation. The desserts are worth leaving space for at the end of the meal as well.
A new sushi addition to Flushing, and I was pleasantly surprised! At around 6PM on a weekday the restaurant was empty, but other diners began to pile in after we were seated. There's a sushi bar that offers Omakase, as well as tables for the regular menu options. We ordered the tuna appetizer as well as another sashimi appetizer to start, plus a dozen oysters; the fish was fresh and nicely seasoned! The oysters were fresh as well, and they were topped with caviar! Judging from the pictures on Yelp, I had to get the sashimi platter, which is said to feed two. It comes with two additional rolls of your choice, but we ordered two additional rolls on top of that, as well as various separate pieces. The fish was all so fresh, and of course the plating was beautiful! As advised, it is pricey, roughly $100 for the sashimi platter. The servers were very attentive and were there in a second with anything we needed. It is a bit more pricey than your average sushi spot, but I would come back regardless. Great addition to the area!
food is mediocre, not so bad but not the best either. The waiter/waitress making us to order expensive drinks and extra food. Not coming back ever again and i told my friend to avoid this place too.
That was great experience. Food was great and service was excellent.  Durian pancake was great. Actually I can't eat durians but this one was totally fine and I ate all of them. I wished I could have two stomachs. Lol. Anyway I recommend it
Very pleasantly surprised at this premium class Japanese sushi restaurant in Flushing. Quality of fish is fresh and texture is mouth watering. We ordered the meat platter and everything on the plate was so thoughtful and experienced so many flavors. It looked like an episode of Netflix's Chef's Table. We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the fish was so fresh, they also gave a large amount. For those who care about service more than food, service here is so attentive.Menu is very thoughtful and they really care about the tasting experience.
I was mildly impressed with this restaurant. I probably came here a few months back and cannot pin point any memorable moments during my one visit. What I do remember was that I came on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty empty, and yet service was still slow. We did get our beers and waters not too soon after ordering but everything else came at a glacial pace. The food here is average; a 3 on a scale out of 5. The sashimi and sushi were dull in color which made me wonder if the fish was not as fresh as it could be. They do serve ramen here which is hearty because of the broth and noodles, but I've had better ramen in the city at a cheaper price. I will probably not return due to my lack luster experience.
Hot and new restaurant in flushing? Japanese cuisine? Highly rated by yelpers? This meant I had to give it a try! I came by on weekday night and was immediately seated. I decided to try the Robata sashimi, which comes with 18 pieces. It was really fresh and nicely plated. As for rolls, we got the dancing eel roll which is an eel wrapped roll with crispy eel on top. I found this to be a very interesting combo and it was pretty tasty as well. I felt it would have been even better if they added crunch inside the roll. The miso cod appetizer was on a skewer with the perfect texture and sweetness. Their fried chicken wings was very flavorful and also had a nice presentation. Being adventurous, I decided to try their sea urchin a la carte. I normally stray away from ordering this unless it is at an authentic Japanese restaurant. Their a la carte items come with a choice of sushi (one piece) or sashimi (two pieces). I opted for the uni sashimi for $9. It usually is a hit or miss at restaurants. Unfortunately, the uni was not fresh at all.The staff were really friendly and service was exceptional. They kept refilling the waters and even plates! Overall my experience here was highly positive. I would rated Robata a 6/5 if not for the uni.
Came up on my yelp as a new restaurant so I had to go give it a try. I've been craving sushi for a few days now so finally got the chance to come give this little place a try. This place is very nice and clean. The service is good and they are attentive. My cup was full my entire meal. Husband and I had ordered the ribeye with bone marrow and they thought we said ribs so the waitress came back to ask if it would be ok if we want to try ribs but we turned it down because we really wanted to try the steak. She was understanding, however it lengthen our time there. So we got steak with one marrow, which was good, the marrow was cooked too burnt on the sides so had that burnt smell to it. But the steak was great, it was cooked medium. We also had the dancing eel roll, that is our third favorite roll in our book of favorite rolls. Lol! The crispness of the eel on top is very different. Other than these two dishes we also got a sashimi and nigiri boat special which was 28, came with 5 nigiri, 12 sashimi and a shrimp tempura rolls. That was all delicious too! Would I come back here again? Honestly no. The sushi is good, but the price points are not in my range. It was a great place to try though so don't hesitate if you're in the area.
The food is good but not amazing. The ambiance is a little tacky- but go figure, Japanese restaurant in FLUSHING, NY. The fish all tasted fresh, but the robata grill items, mainly the meat (ribeye w/ bone marrow) seemed a bit too fatty. Slightly overpriced for Flushing as well. Menu is broad, so you can order so many different items off the menu from sashimi, robata grill, and even fusion-like appetizers like tuna pizza (something like that.)
The food is ok but the price is way too expensive. Three of us ordered food around $230. We went to Michelin one star restaurant for only $65 per person of tasting menu. I don't know why this restaurant charged that much. We ordered oyster (6) for 20 bucks, the oyster is very very tiny.Decorating is good. But will never go back.
Robata is probably the best Japanese restaurant in downtown Flushing area. On a warm Saturday afternoon, I wanted to try something different other than the typical hotpot, spicy noodles, and dumpling restaurants. I open my trusty Yelp app and search for small tapas. Robata appears and this Japanese restaurant is fairly new in downtown Flushing. I decided to check it out.The restaurant is hidden in Prince Tower condominium and located on the first floor next to dolar shop hotpot restaurant. Upon entering, the first thing I noticed is the restaurant has a modern contemporary feel and a bar area for solo diner with big screen TV.I was seated immediately by their friendly staff and presented with a beautiful picture menu on an engraved wooden clipboard. While I was browsing the menu, I noticed second to the last page says "Lunch Special" and immediately in disbelief that their Robata set lunch is only $12. I ordered the Miso Black Cod set lunch which comes with miso soup, seaweed salad, steam egg, onigiri rice, bacon enoki mushroom, and asparagus. I also ordered the Robata sushi.The set lunch and the sushi arrived and the presentation was delicate and alluring. I started the sushi, and I was really impressed with the freshness of the fish especially the bluefin toro tuna. The fatty tuna was the best of all. Secondly, the Robata set lunch also presented on these little charming square wooden boxes. The Miso black cod was well seasoned and perfectly grilled, the bacon enoki mushroom skewers tightly rolled together and both were heavenly. Lastly, the charcoal grilled onigiri creates a slightly crunchy crust, which has a smokey wood flavor and makes the rice taste so much better. The only thing I regret not checking is their dessert menu. Don't judge me.They have a decent selection of Japanese sake, but their wine and beer list is limited. I would like to see more Japanese beer on the menu such as Asahi Black or any Hitachinos.Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch at Robata and I will visit more often especially their lunch set is so affordable for your typical lunch and their upcoming promo. I have found a hidden gem in downtown Flushing and will be coming back for more.
Man, good reviews led us to this restaurant. First impression was good. Nice and clean place with a friendly staff. Prices were good and the menu looked good as well. Unfortunately, I can't be as positive for the food. Sushi was not fresh, at all. I have had sushi in many places, including some well known places in Japan. This place was the worst of them all. Not fresh at all. In fact, 3 of us had stomach issues immediately after. Hopefully, it was a one-time incident.
Best sushi in Flushing my god the fish is so fresh. Thanks executive chef Ming love this place.
Just do not like restaurant cheat us.When they open a Uni, they found the one is not good and fresh. They did not throw it but still put them on the plate. Then they took one piece from refrigerator, not a fresh one and put on top of all uni to cover bad ones. The uni taste was really bad. You can see the color difference from picture. The restaurant was trying to cheat customers and charge $40 of uni.
Disappointed. The waitress recommended Uni to us but It was not fresh at all, it's bitter. We would be glad to pay $40 for something good but I don't think it worth the money. Other dishes were fine but no kimchi in kimchi fried rice though.
Absolutely impeccable !!!! Had the sashimi for two and it was an such an adventure. Service was great, beer and sake was on point and complimented the food perfectly. Definitely coming back with more people text time!
Great location and great environment and friendly service.  This location is near heart of the flushing location. Clean place for good food. We were there for lunch.  There is variety choice on lunch menu.  We had sashimi lunch and set lunch box and appetizers.  All food were yummy and fresh.  I love the set box since it is good size for lunch and variety of food in the box.  Waiters are nice and friendly. This place is great for couples and family party.  We will definitely come back more often.
Sushi was really good. Miso soup was really good. Stir fried udon noodles were really good. Fried rice pot was really good. Overall really good. Don't rely on one meal, some plates are really small. I'd suggest going all in family style to get a bunch of everything to share.
I got take out from there, and so this is not a full reflection of the restaurant. The food was standard, and the delivery was on time. Kudos to the delivery man for braving the cold, cold rain! The food just didn't wow me in anyway, and it was a tad expensive for what we got. Otherwise, it really wasn't bad. I may try going to the restaurant to try more of their menu items and perhaps see what this excellent service other Yelpers speak of is like.
Went for lunch on Father's Day. They have lunch special on Sunday and in my opinion it's a really good deal. It was a good experience overall.Tako Salad: 4/5 The octopus was well flavored but there's only around $5 thin slices and half of the salad was seaweedTuna Lover Roll: 4/5 it's tuna on top with soft shell crab inside if I remember it correctly. Next time I would get this only if there are at least 3 adult it's tasty but after 2-3 pieces you would not want another onePoke Lunch Special: 5/5 We choose Tuna & Salmon with Wasabi Yuzu. This is like the Japanese sashimi rice bowl which you have sushi rice and sashimi on top. It's very fresh and I love the dressing. For $13 this is definitely worth it.Robata Lunch: 5/5 Choose 2 veggie, 1 meat, and you get miso soup, rice ball, and seaweed salad on the side. I choose Miso Black Cod. It was 2 very tiny little pieces of fish only about 5cm diameter. I choose asparagus and bacon onoki mushroom. It's basically 3 bacon pieces wrap around the onoki mushroom. The riceball is grilled to perfection and very yummy. I love everything on this entry. The portion is very small though. I think a grown men would need at least 2 to not feel like starving.Kurobuta Dinner: 4/5 It's basically grilled pork. The portion is so so so small it's about the size of a women's fist. For $21 I don't think it's worth it even though it's pretty tasty.Staff: 5/5 Very friendly and helpful while answering questions and keeps coming to ask whether we need anything.I would definitely come back for their lunch special. Maybe I will try some more of their dinner menu but I think their dinner is overpriced.
This is probably one of the fanciest restaurants in Flushing. If you're looking to impress a date, I'd come here. The prices are similar to that of the city, but there's no wait to be seated. The food is good, but it's nothing out of the extraordinary. I would recommend getting the ribeye with bone marrow if you're looking to experiment. It was juicy and fatty with a butter-like consistency!
Everything is yum. We ordered $120 omakase that each fish piece is so fresh. The grilled meat platter is good amount and tasty.
Ordered 5 bento boxes for our company's lunch today and got one for FREE! Very satisfied and  they tasted sooooo good! This is the first time trying their lunch bento box but already visited them many times for dinner. The dinner menu is even better, def. the best choice for me and friends when craving for Japanese cuisine.
Food was great, staff was exceptionally nice, overall we really enjoyed ourselves.  Would def come back. Note: they hadn't gotten their liquor license yet, so byob... store down the block bought a bottle of saki. : Sweet.
Walked in because one of my friends wanted to eat Japanese food. While we were debating which restaurant to go we wanted to give this place a try. We all had their omakase, was a little bit expensive in flushing but compare to the ones in Manhattan the food was definitely worth the price. The restaurant looked small but it was actually not that small. It was next to dolar hot pot and Congee village. To be honest, non of us were expecting too much but surprisingly, the food was very good. I really liked the wagy, they were so so so good. The wagy was definitely the must have. All of the other dishes were good. This place is great for dates and special occasions.
Was looking for late night snack and ran across this place and lucky for me I hit a gem.This place has the freshest seafood and crazy tender ribeye and bone marrow.And let's not even mention the buttery wagu beef!!So good everything!!
Service was good, the food was not.The seafood platter was very salty, use cheap ingredients, not worth the price. The dancing eel roll was ok, nothing really special. The sear salmon was very bland, I only taste the yellow radish inside. Overall very expensive for what we had. Our bill was $175 for two people. We are not planning to go back to this place again.
Let me start with their level of service: it's top notch. My wife, who is of darker persuasion who have experienced inequitable service in the past, was at the place before I did. The staff at Robata treated her warmly, and continued to do so until we left. She's happy, I'm happy. Food wise, it's of very high quality at a very reasonable price. Their grilled appetizers are top-notch, and their raw stuff are very fresh. Speaking of raw fish, one of the main determinant in terms of how good is a Japanese restaurant is its sashimi. And the sashimi's here are ultra fresh, as one can really tell just by their texture. This place will definitely become our regular. We know we'd get a product that is comparable to high-end Manhattan, without having to pay Manhattan prices.
The foods were okay, however the waiting time was too long. Their sushi suppose to be good, however the rice was too hard. We waited forever for the BBQ foods. And the management of the restaurant wasn't that good, because the orders are such a mess, the waitress didn't even know which order for which table.
Robata offers amazing price and selections for their lunch premium bento. Six sets to choose for only $12.95 from 12-3pm daily. You can taste the freshness of the sashimi and immediately you will know that it's of top quality fish. I think their bento box is so much better and unique when compared to Manhattan. Even the presentation deserves compliments. Their staff is attentive, friendly and service are great. Their restaurant has a cozy ambiance which is great for family parties and office gatherings. I will definitely keep coming back as their dinner menu is equally intriguing and exciting!
So pleasantly surprised to discover this hidden gem in Flushing, of all places!...the very fact they're constantly introducing specials which are pretty unique(foie gras uni toast; Beef tendons Yakitori, etc) and updating their sake selections literally thrills and excite me!!...not to mention their ridiculously super value added Bento boxes during lunchtime...hope they'll attract all the right demographic type of customers like me who's always looking for something new, unique and tasty with not so much regards to price/costs...and stay in business for as long as possible...Good job, Robata!!!
Found this place last minute with my girl. Went to dinner here for her birthday and it was fantastic! Staff was great drinks were amazing and the food was exceptional!! Definately a must go to!!! You will not be disappointed!!!
Great Atmosphere!  Fresh Sushi!  Nice Chef!  Great Services! Reasonable price!   Love this Place.
What an unexpected surprise! Drove down to LGA only to find out my flight was delayed for at least 4 hours - so what do we do? Explore Queens of course - first stop in Flushing. What an awesome neighborhood and this restaurant was tucked so neatly into a corner that we almost missed it! Thanks to all previous Yelpers for taking the time out to review this gem - that's how we found out about it. Had to try some robata and some sushi - I wasn't a fan of the Tamago (Juno in Chicago spoiled me with their homemade soufflé-like egg) but the unagi, Hamachi, sake and the delicious tuna tartare saved the day - wish I had ordered more fish so I could have a fabulous display of food like my fellow diners!Husband had the ribeye with the bone marrow - yes the size of that dish caused a major jaw drop (see pic) - slather it all on a piece of that garlicky toast and you are in heaven! Cannot wait to return and try some more goodies!
This is really excellent food,all sushi and sashimi is really fresh compare with other sushi restaurants in flushing. The kitchen food also have a lot different type! Highly recommended!
The service, menu selection and food quality are all above average and decent.  After trying their omakase & regular table dining, I was pleased, but not impressed.  There isn't one item that would give me the craving to go back again, unfortunately.  Overall, it is still a decent Japanese restaurant in downtown Flushing.
I came here with my family on a Saturday, we ordered a kani salad, dragon roll, sashimi combo, and grilled meat kebab combo. This was a lot of food for 4 people. The service was good, the food was fresh and delicious. Definitely worth the try!
Great restaurant, delicious food and nice presentation.. staffs are very polite.. owner Kenny makes good suggestion on food.
Great new Japanese place in Flushing main st area - I'd say the best I've tried in the area. Super fresh sushi with high attention to detail amongst both the chefs and wait staff. Prices are decent, especially for their lunch specials. Extra points for: (a) presentation - beautifully presented sashimi on a bed of shaved ice (wish I took photos)! (b) super well-trained staff. Great place for a casual hangout or a date spot. It's new, so still relatively quiet and unknown, but I suspect in a few months it'll be a popular sushi destination in the Flushing area. I wanted to try their prime rib (and bone marrow) but they had sold out the night before. Coming back to try that later.As always, the bathroom was very clean, meaning the kitchen is clean too!Overall, thumbs up. Check it out.
This was probably the best sushi meal I've had in a long time.  The service was spectacular, the quality of the food was really good, and the price was extremely reasonable for New York.   We ordered the sushi and sashimi platter for two.  I can certainly eat a ton of sushi and this was plenty for two of us. If you are in the area I highly recommend this place.
I came here yesterday during my lunch break and I tried the black cod Robata grill. Holy cow the black cod is the ****!!! So good that I actually came back to the restaurant after work for dinner to get myself a second helping along with stir fried noodles and other stuff. This place is perfect to go with friends or alone! (I went alone with my mac since I had to do work during lunch and it was still a wonderful experience) Service was exceptionally great and kept me amused and entertained the whole time since I was by myself! (I just moved to NYC two weeks ago and I think I found my go-to spot)
Wow! Everything was taste good and fresh. They had a great food presentation. Atmosphere was awsome too. Price is little higher but its worthy if you looking for good quality of fish. Try it. You won't regret :)
We enjoyed this restaurant overall. The grilled meat platter A was excellent, the lamb and pork belly were my personal favorites. Everything on the platter was good. We also tried many different items, the bone marrow was ok not but as good as other places but the prime ribeye that it came with was amazing. Tuna pizza and Robata crab roll were both very good. Regular rolls selection were limited and ok. Wish I could give it 3.5 stars. Service was great and very attentive so that's why I gave it a higher rating.
Everything we ordered was amazing, the sashimi was super fresh. The service was great as well! One downside is that they are pretty pricey. We ordered a " jumbo oyster" off their special menu, and it was $24, for one oyster.... it tasted great! But just too expensive for flushing standard.
Everything here was about Delicious!The service was impeccable and our server always  made sure to explain each dish in careful detail.The sashimi and sushi is must try. Overall great experience. ..would love to come back!!Highly recommend!
Came here Friday night for dinner. Place looks nice and clean, took us a while to look over the menu and pick what we wanted. The server came up to us every few minutes to ask if we were ready 5 or 6 times while we were still deciding. We got the corn for an appetizer. It was very deliciously seasoned, but seemed like it had been cooked and just left there for 15 minutes. Would've been amazing it if was hot off the grill. 2.5/5We also got the sushi platter and the dancing eel roll. Both were good, I appreciated actually being able to taste the eel. Sushi platter had a variety of fish, chosen by the chef. 4/5 The last thing we got was the rib eye steak with bone marrow. The sauce that it came with was very good. We got the steak medium and it came out medium rare. The meat tasted good though. It came with a little Bowl of rice as well. I've never had bone marrow before and it was interesting to try. 4/5Overall food was good and I would try it once for the price. Probably wouldn't go there again but it's a nice date night spot in flushing.
Went there for dinner with wife. wow what happened to the chef's knife? Yellow tail sashimi all in different shape and sizes. One piece is 3x thinker than the other, one piece is round and and one piece is square! I hope they didn't put some left over together to make me a plate. I mean if this is a sushi buffet i understand but this is somewhat a higher class japanese restaurant. sashimi is all about how chef controls the thinkness of certain fish to achieve the best texture. I did mention to the waitress very nicely, She said "ok"!
Really enjoyed our meal here. Server is very friendly and attentive, food was amazing. Black cod is a must try! Kobe beef sushi was wonderful and omg don't get me started on the bone marrow. This place is definitely on the higher price range but you get what you paid for in my opinion. Not a huge sashimi person so I'm not sure on the scale of freshness, which number this place will land on. My boyfriend said it's great tho so I'll take his words for it. Overall, loved every dish we ordered. Give it a go and see for yourself before it gets too popular lol
Excellent sushi. Good service. Great decor and music. Everything was just right. Would come back.
This is my first time at this restaurant   After just ate at another sushi restaurant next to Hyatt hotel last week, I didn't have any high expectation; honestly, no expectation at all. But to my surprise, the sashimi there were so fresh and the sushi rolls were so tasty.
Best hidden gem in Flushing. The food and the service were excellent. The sashimi quality is fresh. I highly recommend the rib eye. (It comes with a bone marrow). A++ ; will come here again!
The space is a lot smaller than I thought.  The sushi is 3.5 to 4.  The steak and bone marrow is at best 3. And the combo seafood platter is awesome looking but nothing worth the 110 dollars price tag. Considering they gave you very little king crab and skinny snow crab for that price. Service was great but no wet nap is offered however, it is over hyped a little I believe, will give it another try later.
Came here with a party of 5 on a Friday and left full and satisfied. Finally found a place in flushing that serves Japanese style skewers that I don't have to drive to city for. Their sashimi appetizers are very tasty as well, especially their scallop top with toro and caviar. We ordered the robota seafood combo and wanted to order the meat combo as well but good thing we didn't cause the seafood combo was more then enough food for 5 people. The waiters are very attentive, kind and helpful. I will definitely return to try the meat combo next time.
It's a new restaurant in Flushing with nice decor and friendly staff.The sashimi was too cold, not defrosted completely.The "sauce" is tooooo sweet on the bbq items...
I've been here twice. This has to be the freshest sushi available in flushing. Both times, I've gotten the sashimi platter for two. It's plenty of food and we actually struggled to finish it. The second time, they added a certain fish to our meal because it was in season so that was pretty nice of them. They were kind enough to put the fish we couldn't eat on top of a batch of ice to keep it fresh as well. If I am ever in flushing and craving sushi, I'll definitely come back here !
Living in flushing my whole life...so grateful for the asian invasion. This is def a come to sushi  place9
Not many people on a Tuesday night but the sushi and sashimi was righteous. Service was great. The price could've been cheaper but the fish was fresh. I am tongue tied I do not have anything negative to say lol.
Presentation was incredible!  Space for large table is limited. Would recommend for reservation for large parties. The foods were delicious and fresh. We ordered the deluxe meat combo and the sushi and sashimi combo. Price was a bit on the higher end but decent. Would visit again to try the deluxe seafood combo
We order the meat set and the pork belly was amazing! It was tender and juicy. The waiter was really nice. We were being savages and asking for three plates of edamame... he was cool about it though! Food overall was good.
Can I tell you all about Robata in Flushing? In a busy Chinese and Korean-filled community, there's always a hidden gem waiting to be discovered. Robata is one of those places.My coworker is actually the wife of one of the partners, and she took us to lunch here. After just the initial visit, I was hooked. It's hidden in the corner of Prince Street, right upstairs from Congee Village. The restaurant is spacious and clean, so that's a plus. We ordered very reasonably-priced lunch specials all around. I think I got some sort of skewer lunch, and was happy with it. This was the start of me trying to find an excuse to come back for dinner!So last Friday was the night I was finally able to make a second visit. This visit was more memorable since we weren't pressed for a one-hour time limit (working lunch hour). From start to finish, the service was on point. I don't know the name of our server, but he was very attentive, and did ask if we were ready to order every few minutes or so. We decided to go with a side of bacon wrapped scallops and the Skewer Dinner Combination for Two. Honestly, we weren't sure if we would be too full from the dinner combination, but my fiance was intent on having scallops that night. The combination came with lamb skewers, pork belly, chicken wings, beef, bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, two riceballs, a skewer of salted asparagus, and one corn on the cob. I have to tell you, I was so impressed with the presentation and the attention that our server gave while describing our meal to us! Everything on this platter was amazing. They even gave us complimentary yellowtail ragoon!When we realized that we still had a second stomach for dessert, the server brought us the menu and proceeded to describe each dessert to me. As soon as he said, "green tea tiramisu"- we were both sold. We had to have it. It was the most lightest, softest, mousse-like cake with a hint of green tea, and the freshest berries decorating the plate all around. i even got to try a gooseberry. "Everything is edible," he said. You don't have to tell me twice to eat everything off that plate!All in all, everything was amazing and on point. If you're tired of the hustle and bustle of the food courts, and same old Chinese and Korean cuisine, then go to Robata. It's something different that you'll never forget.
I have yet  been to the restaurant, but have ordered their food through FlushingFood.com. I have ordered a handful of times, and I am not commenting on the delivery or the service, just the food itself....and the food is outstanding.Today I ordered the lunch bento box, and for that price, you will get an abundance of food. The food itself is tasty and fresh. I also have had the sushi and sashimi before, and it was very fresh. One can tell by the texture of the sashimi.I will eventually visit the restaurant as I want to try the bone marrow. However, I doubt anyone will show displeasure with the food.You won't regret a trip here.
Best weekend lunch special I had! with only $12.95 you get BBQ sashimi fried squid salad with egg and fruit. Strongly recommended!!!
Got the meat lovers entree as well as the eel roll. I highly recommend the eel roll they sear the top of it so it has a smoky flavor. Go try it!
I went with some friends on Valentine's day and the service was pretty slow. They have one guy (who might be the manager) attending the bar and also attending walk in customers and phone calls. He gave us water and took our drink order. Then he started attending other customers and forgot our drinks. It took another 10 minutes or so before someone else noticed that we were waiting to order. The food was average for sushi. Since this is a combined sushi, oyster, and steak restaurant, there's not a huge selection of sushi rolls. It's a bit pricey for the average tasting food. Probably won't return. Really recommend they hire more people to improve the service.
Excellent attentive service. Amazing fresh sushi and sashimi dishes. Can't go wrong with the specialty rolls or tuna tartar. Nice environment.
thought the food was pretty good and price was FAIR. the quality was pretty awesome too. however, when we were there, the restaurant was REALLY empty and it was almost inexplicable. normally, you see an restaurant that's empty during lunch hours on a weekend, it raises a huge red flag (we didn't leave because we didn't realize how empty it was until we were seated). anyhow, the food was good, prices weren't out of the ordinary for quality japanese food. the fact that it was so empty and it made the dining experience feel slightly weird. the staff was friendly, so that's always a huge plus. i just think this place needs some marketing since the food is good, price is good, staff is good. good luck and hope to try you soon again.ahem: that 3 star is really for the lack of atmosphere
Excellent sushi and grill food. Waiter and staffs were very attentive and accommodating. Sushi was very fresh and amazing as well as the grill Japanese squid. If you are in the area, remember to check this place out.decent japanese food at reasonable price.
This was such a disappointing experience.  Since it was a birthday celebration, we went all out on ordering some of the best things on the menu. We ordered 3 pcs of King salmon, 3 pcs regular salmon and 3 pcs of Otoro. Where was the KING salmon?!  It was so obvious they gave us all regular salmon but charged us the price of king! OTORO was worse!  It was so thin and had a really fishy taste to it!  The BBQ platter was presented very nicely, but the meat was cold and chewy when I bit into it! It didn't taste like it was freshly cooked. I wondered if they just gave us somebody else's canceled order.   The sauce was also too sweet. Sorry guys, we make better BBQ at home!  I will definitely not come back!
This place rocks. Very comfortable, staff (Janice is great server) went out of their way to make sure everything was ok and all of them were so friendly. They have some really great lunch specials. I'll be back again.
This place has great sashimi.  It always tastes fresh and each piece of fish has its own unique taste and texture which shows the high quality of the fish.
Awesome freshness and quality of service. Small portions by its the clear example of how quantity doesn't get along with quality. Worth the trip to get there from LIC
the meat was delicious, sushi was fresh but not so yummy with the ramen. the waiter, timothy was great! he was super friendly and attentive! wine was great but wine is always great. haha i would recommend this restaurant.
Here from Los Angeles and decided to hit some sushi. They are amazing here the welcome, the service,  and the food are awesome. Many times I express my order to not give me avocados because I am allergic, and at least 70% of the time it comes out with avocados. Not here. They made an amazing tuna awesome roll (which was awesome) and the sashimi platter was great for the price (there was one fishy tasting fish but for the $28 price tag, with a generous helping of the other fish it was super worth it. Yum!  Thank you our awesome waitress and waiter for the great meal tonight!  Made our trip to NYC more enjoyable!
Really good place to come if your feeling for some sushi. The ribeye and bone marrow was really delicious. The staffs was really friendly and nice. Will definitely come back again.
We came in as a group of 4 to give this new restaurant a try. I've tried robata at other places before and was hoping for a good place in Flushing.We ordered 2 of the Robata sets and a Sashimi for 2. The food was very good - no complaints about the robata or sashimi. Service was also very attentive and friendly.Good start! I'd recommend give them a try!
Overpriced combo that is not worth to spend a lot money with little food ! Not recommended!
I would highly recommend this new place for dinner . The sushi is fresh and they have excellent non sushi entrees. The lamb chops were delicious. Also try the tuna/salmon tartare dish.The food presentation is top notch and the waitstaff is very attentive and courteous.Definitely give it a try.
I would highly recommend Robata. The food was excellent and we were accommodated the entire time. It was an absolute pleasure.
Come here for their lunch specials, great value pack at affordable 12-13 dollar range per person. Fresh quality and good variety of combinations. Lunch specials are offered 7 days a week! A must go! I rarely write reviews but this is a place I have been to 5+ times and still recommend ppl go!
I was in Flushing last saturday and i was looking for Sushi. I tried this place and i was really happy about it! I was at the bar, i tried the drink with tequila and pineapple, delicious. I also had tuna tartare, tuna pizza and scallops with bacon. Everything was great and the service excellent! I will be back for sure.
Disappointing. The salmon sashimi was pretty good. The wings were subpar. I was really excited for the rolls, but they replaced the seaweed with lettuce. That was a big no no for me.
This place knows how to treat a person great. Between the good food and the great service I got they deserve 6 stars. I had the spicy ramen.
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend and was expecting this place to be packed but was a little surprise that it wasn't as busy. The food was amazing. My friend and I got the bone marrow wangu beef and dancing eel roll to share. They also give edamame as a free appetizer . Overall it was great and very reasonably priced for New York. I would definitely go back.
Grill food, sushimi and sushi was ok, nothing special.  It's on the expensive side considering the quality is not top in the city.  Service was very good though.
definitely recommend this place if you are looking for best seafood place to eat.. they serve the best freshest seafood...
it is the most ridiculous restaurant ever. people got ripped off by the price yet not getting what is derserved. their food is defintley not worth the price.
