This review is a focus on their AYCE, which is Monday through Thursday. But they are super crowded on the weekend even without their all you can eat menu selection. Because I've only had non-AYCE here once... on the weekend and it was full house... from waiting, bar, to dining.... I've been here multiple times and experienced the before and after price hike...and still worth it! Still love it! From their service to their food and drinks...just good vibes all around.They have a very friendly and outgoing crew for staff on the floor. And I've had the pleasure of meeting and speaking with their managers as well: Koyo, Kay, and general manager Charles as well. Any problems, they resolved it with a smile, they visited the table every visit and would converse and welcome feedbacks and suggestions, just great experiences every time. Highly recommended!!Example:At about 7:40pm on a Monday... The estimated wait time was an hour and thirty minutes when we spoke with the host. However, we were seated at about 8:25PM.832pm finished placing our food order with Jackie and by 842pm about half the food is on the table, with the drinks. (Highly recommend Jackie as a server as well, because he brought us everything ordered, nothing was missing or forgotten.) Food: some meat selections on the AYCE menu is sliced so thin it's better for shabu shabu than BBQ, because it sticks on the grill and tears apart :(FYI: *Only four meat orders can be placed at a time.*Happy hour all day at the bar only...Otherwise, after 9pm from the dinner table.*Make your reservations asap...because Same day reservations cant be taken within two hours. (Unless they aren't busy at all...which doesnt really happen...always popular, therefore busy!) And they only take two large parties on the weekends.*They accept up to four credit cards per table, so large groups get cash ready!!* Manhattan location near time sq. had some drink options not available at this location.* Get their app before you go, esp. if you are a new user....give it over 5 hours prior to be safe and you'll get a $10 off $30 offer. And you get to collect points every time you dine, just remember to ask them to split the receipts so everyone can get their own points for their account - Each receipt can only be scanned once for points. * They don't have wifi but you can use the wifi from starbucks across the street. *Most of their tables seats four people, even if you're dining alone, you'll get a big comfortable table all to yourself. ( First come first serve !)
Waiters are extremely nice. They have alot of combo deals and their proteins are marinated very nicely. Usually when you order, they'll arrange it from the cheaper cut to expensive cut. They recommend where to cook your food, whether it should be on the outer edges or the center so they are very informative. They have happy hour cocktails and drinks and they change out the iron grill pretty often! Overall, a nice experience, can get pricey depending on the cuts of meat you get but that's up to your own discretion. Cheers!
Four of us came for Sunday lunch. We ordered the Samurai package and supplement it with additional pork and vegetable dishes.   It was really very tasty. All the meat was tender and well seasoned. i also like their sauces at the table.  They give you a sheet to show you how to grill each meat and the minutes, etc.  Certain dish they will grill for you and certain you have to do on your own. I prefer they do it all because i like to focus on eating :-)  In all, it was very good and i would like to come back for their AYCE.  The course ends with Smors which you grill the marshmallow on your own...nice touch.Also, although there is no exhaust, the smoke was not terrible and doesn't get into your hair/clothes.  The ambiance of restaurant is cozy and comfy.And typical of traditional japanese restaurants, expect a nice greeting of Irasshaimase! from the staff.(i rounded up) but 1/2 star off for not being able to understand our waitress. very heavy accent.
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate Valentines day a day early since both of us were busy on the actual holiday. When we arrived (Tuesday at 6pm), the restaurant was pretty empty, so we were seated right away. Our server, Victor, was super helpful and guided us through the menu, as it was both of our first time. We ended up choosing the Ultimate, which was the AYCE option for $45 per person. We asked what he recommended and got them all!Out of everything we ordered, I definitely recommend these items:- Harami Miso Skirt Steak- Beef Tongue- Filet Mignon Ponzu- Bone-in Kalbi- Spicy Tuna Volcano- S'mores and ice cream :) Every time a dish came out, we were informed how long to cook each meat. The servers were constantly changing the plate on the grill, which was nice. Overall, the service and food was A++. We got lucky because by the time we left, there were a bunch of people waiting in the waiting area. It gets a little loud during prime time but I would definitely recommend. Make sure to come hungry because you'll leave with a food baby
So we are back. This was a greater disappointment than last time. We have been to Gyu-Kaku many times and in different spots, including Hawaii, but this was the first time we were given frozen beef. Like the pieces were frozen together. We let our server know and she brought out a new plate. When the manager came over I told her about it and when I checked the new beef that was frozen as well, what is going on?!!!  Ok so not only was it frozen but it did t taste the same. This location is very different than the others. won't be back, even though it's a shorter drive and cheaper parking  manhattan we will go.
The abiance is nice. The employees are well mannered. I really liked the food and the experience. It's a lot like Korean BBQ places where you cook your meats. My friend and I ordered the meat lovers special. It came with 5 different meats that were well seasoned. It also came with salad, miso soup, edamame, and white rice. And for dessert, it came with smores (you get to heat up your marshmallow over the grill). It says it's good for 2 people but you can share with 3 and still come out full! The manager came by our table to make sure everything went well. They have happy hour on drinks and food (anything prices that are red on the menu). Over all I give this place 5 stars.Btw you do now want to drive here because it's in the middle of Main Street aka China Town. Very crowded and no parking on the street.
Had a friend tell me that this wasn't that good so I didn't try this place out immediately, but still wanted to know how it was. When I first arrived, it was about a 15 minute wait and we waited at the bar. When we were seated, service was a bit slow, but I review for the food mainly :) Surprisingly, the meat was really good; the toro beef and prime kalbi short rib was bomb, wouldn't reccomend the yaki shabu beef (was a bit dry and thick). The harami in secret pot meat was so tender. The garlic fried rice got burnt cause the waiter took a long time to get us bowls. The tuna appetizer wasn't as good as I expected, but I didn't hate it either. Still would come back to try more!
Wow, what a great experience. The entire staff is amazing & super friendly. Our servers Chris & Shek were extremely knowledgeable & had great recommendations. We made it just in time for the happy hour special, which is a combo of appetizers, assorted vegetables, rice & meat & chicken dishes. & to top it off s'mores for dessert. All for 50! & it tasted amazing. The manager, Dennis, even passed by to make sure everything was ok. It was my first time here but I will 100% be back!
I wasn't a fan of Gyu-Kaku the first time I had it, although their Happy Hour drink prices are pretty damn amazing. I decided to give it another try when my friends wanted to try this "hot new restaurant" in Downtown Flushing, and I was hoping that its location away from the city meant better quality and better value. Came here with 2 other friends and we weren't super hungry to begin with, so we ordered the Kobe style set, which is usually intended for 2 people. We all got our fair share of each course and even if we were a group of 2, we'd only eat just a bit more of what we had. Although I am a fan of Kobe beef, I didn't think it was anything special. The meat quality was good, but portions felt small. Then again, I'm generally not a fan of BBQ sets because the portions always feel small and being a carnivore, there never seems to be enough meat.Our waiter was very attentive and came and changed our grill rack often and brought out our food very quickly. The service, in general, is overtly friendly--I really admire the staff's high energy and (very) super enthusiasm when greeting guests in and out. I'd be dead tired by 8pm on a Saturday.My impression of Gyu-Kaku still stands: decent quality but very expensive, small-portioned food. Their Happy Hour deals, on the other hand, are worth going for but I'm not sure if I'd pay full price for their drinks or food unless, of course, some friends want to go.
Update to my original review. I introduced a buddy of mine to this Gyu-Kaku location recently and they have been hooked ever since. Not only is the food still very good but the employees and management have always been spectacular There is a new All You Can Eat Special deal Monday - Thursday at participating locations. For budget minded people there are two options : a Premium and Ultimate menu. The former is less expensive with a certain number of menu items while the latter contains more grill options as well as certain things like sukiyaki bibimbap and garlic fried rice for a bit more. Drinks are still charged separately but you do get a dessert option included (usually s'mores). And I may have not noticed before but there are also bbq sets that are good for two diners (or one very hungry person) which include starters like salad and edamame When you walk up the stairs there may be quite a few customers waiting (especially during dinner time). Reservations are recommended but walk-ins are certainly accepted based upon availability of seating. There have been more than one occasion where I had to wait for a bit but that was expected. The friendly faces at the podium you might encounter are always welcoming and they certainly remember you if you have dined more than once. Thanks to Deana and Karen for always being pleasant and friendly. Their position as primary contact for hungry and and sometimes impatient patrons can be overwhelming but they always manage to keep the waiting area calm. Depending on when you decide to dine in I have noticed that the severs are sometimes different.  Understandable as people do have different availabilities and schedule. My original server Waan I think I have seen once since I have been back. She was still working as hard as ever and had a different hairstyle. Chris takes very good care of his customers. He was one of my original servers as well. He remembers peoples faces and still takes time to say hello even if he is not assigned to your table. As server is he very professional and thorough. Victor is very friendly and polite to every table he is assigned to. He was training at one point but now is seasoned to be as efficient as his colleagues. Janice made a good impression on our table. She checked up on us very frequently to make sure everything was all right even though happened to be somewhat busy that evening. And she took time to say hello to us even when we were seated in a different section on a different occasion. Eric is very personable. Even when not on duty or getting off shift he still takes time to greet customers in the common area. As a server he certainly is able to build rapport with customers and works very diligently to make sure orders arrive in a timely manner. Special mentions go to Dennis and Ian who greet regular customers.  Howard took care of me most recently and takes responsibilities very seriously. The management team consistently show how much they care about the customers. Koyo is always courteous and friendly as he deals with a lot of customers. Charles and Dennis make several rounds to check tables for grill changes and to see how customers are doing. Kay certainly looks out for customers to make sure they are having a good experience. They take time to introduce themselves and what I respect about them is that they work alongside the staff whether dressed in stylish business attire or not. I am not sure if this is a common things at other locations. The teamwork at this location is very admirable.
This place is awesome! Came here for the 1st time on a thursday night and had Wan as our server. they gave us a happy hour menu which was so affordable for 3 people! The entire staff was smiling and super friendly! The food was delicious and everything was explained to us from how long to cook the food and it was brought out at a timely fashion. We were not overwhelmed with so many options at once on the table. I highly recommend people to come here especially during the happy hour!
This place was great! First time and definitely not my last. The food was tasty the drinks were strong and not to mention the service. We got the happy hour house menu Samurai for 4. It's worth every penny and you leave full :)
I was super excited that there was a gyukaku opening in flushing, I've been to their locations in the city and really liked the food.  But the experience here was not as good as other locations, I guess I went here on an off day (Sunday afternoon).So first off, don't open the left door... that leads to a downstairs kitchen of some sort, make sure to stay on the right.  Would be good to put a sign to indicate the right door.It will lead you to a set of stairs.  Upon entering the hostess wasn't present, when she returned she asked if we had a reservation (which I didn't) so we ended up waiting an additional 10-15 minutes.  But the thing is, majority of the restaurant was empty and we were seated in an awkward location, a shared table that could seat 8 for a party of 2...?  Didn't really make sense.Usually upon arrival, staff would happily yell welcome or "Irasshaimase!"  But instead staff yelled "irasshaimase....." it wasn't enthusiastic as other locations, and frankly they seemed really tired.Food:Spicy tuna volcano- tasted good, the seasoning of the rice itself reminded me of jia leurng (the fried dough wrapped in rice noodle), but the crunchy rice was a bit hard to chew... this seems to be a popular item but I wasn't a fan.  I guess this depends on personal preference. Addicting cucumber-didn't taste the same as the other locations, but it was okay.  Maybe it was a different sesame oil but the sauce wasn't as great.Sukiyaki bibimbap-they readily offered korean mild and spicy, mild wasn't spicy at all.  Overall the taste just wasnt there like other places.Bistro hanger steak/Yaki shabu beef/Prime garlic shoyu steak- extremely seasoned, maybe marinated for too long or the ratio of seasoning was off.  Usually the meats are lightly marinated and it would've been okay to use the provided ponzu/light soy/spicy sauces at the table.  But there was so much seasoning that using the table sauces woukd be going overboard.Pork belly- slices were not ideal for grilling, usually for grilling pork belly you try to aim to crisp up the edge a bit.Lychee lemonade- neutral?  Tasted a bit like sprite mixed with lychee jellies, if you like that combo this might be for you.Our server was really nice, sometimes it was a bit hard to get him due to our seating area.  But he was doing his best to tend to us.  We were sat at the further end of the shared table that wasn't easily viewed (there was a partition that obstructs the view).He was really good at explaining the grill times, menus, etc.  He also offered hand wipes at the end and a promo card with a secret freebie for next visit, I like those types of offers since they're pretty fun.While leaving, usually someone would say thanks/come again/etc, but all the staff just stared as we left.  We also saw the hostess looking upset and tearing up for some reason...Overall, I'll give it a bit more time before returning, manager and waiter often asked how everything was so I know they're trying their best.  For now I rather take the trip to the city for my gyukaku fix.
Wow wow wow wow. My family and I just got back from eating dinner here and we are so glad the icook place down the street was busy. Lol. We went there first and they had no tables that could seat 7 so we decided to come here and we are so happy that we did. Like I said we came as a family of 7, 5 adults and 2 children. We decided to do their special for 6 and that was more than enough for all of us. It comes with appetizers, soups and hey you get free edamame if you check in. Some of the people at our table didn't like the rice but I personally liked it, it wasn't too mushy like most rice are at other places. We had three rounds of meats come out and when the third came we were all so full already. But we cooked it and took it home anyways. We gave some to our doggies, lol. So it really fed 7 people and 2 little dogs. Mind you we ordered a pork fried rice too for those that didn't like the white rice.  One thing I would like if they gave us lettuce but overall everything was delicious! Would definitely come back in the future. The service was excellent! Our server was attentive and always gave us everything promptly.
Oh my gosh does this place have so many deals! And I would say it is worth it. They offer a lot of variety bbq wise at least. And drinks! Gotta point out the drinks!!They also provide all you can eat bbq but certain days I believe. I went with a group of four and we did the $60 combo that's originally for two and we got full. Now I know this is a chain. I had gyu kaku in Chicago before. I remember liking Chicago's more for some reason. Everything was good but some I didn't care about. Service was cool. We came around the time they opened. Hostess didn't even know we were standing there but she was nice. Waitor was super cool. All the staff was really nice actually. Super informative. Super helpful and outgoing and laid back at the same time. The interior is nice also. Cute date night seen. It wasn't busy going around lunch time on Saturday. You have to go up stairs to get up to the restaurant. I probably would have preferred to try another place but the cheapest option and I didn't want get too full
Decided to take my mom here since we were in the area and we were craving Japanese BBQ. I made a reservation for 2 PM on a Saturday for 2 and when my mom and I arrived at 1:45, we were told to wait a few minutes since someone else was still there. Nonetheless, we waited and we were seated at exactly 2 PM! Great service hands down.Once we sat down, we were greeted by Eric, who was great throughout the entire time. He asked if we've been here before and I have been to their other locations throughout the city, so we skipped the whole speal and I ordered right away.We got one of the Happy Hour sets (not sure which one) but everything tasted great. I really enjoyed the salad as they dressed it really well without it being too saucy. The meats were all fresh and beautifully cut/seasoned!I was surprised that the place wasn't super crowded for a Saturday afternoon, so definitely come here if you're in the area!
Incredible food and fantastic service!! This place is so damn good! I like Japanese bbq but the appetizers here is what really gets me every time. If you like spicy tuna, the spicy tuna volcano is to die for!! Fried rice is really good and so is the bibimbap. If you come here during happy hour drinks are really cheap and everything on the menu is a few dollars off which is awesome. Every time I go we end up getting a ton of stuff and are able to eat a little bit of everything for really cheap. Only down side is the location is in the heart of flushing and parking is a pain. Make sure to make a reservation as well so you don't need to wait because they get busy (every day of the week).
Love this place! Have been to a few locations and they never disappoint. Make sure to make reservations even on a weekday, they book up fast.
Amazinggg! I made a reservation at 9:30PM and waited for about 10 minutes for them to set our table. I thought the restaurant was quite small but it extends all the way to the back. The table is very spacious and the seats are very comfy. Our waiter, Danny was very accommodating, gave us great recommendations and would service us in a timely manner. My boyfriend and I decided to go for the happy hour for 2 meal set and as for drinks: Tokyo Sunset and Mango Mai-Tai. I ate at the Manhattan location a few years back and it seems like they changed their menu a bit but it did not disappoint at all. For starters we had miso soup, a Gyu-Kaku salad, steamed chili shrimp dumplings, fried bacon chips and beef sukiyaki bibimbap. The dumplings were pretty good - not sure if it is freshly made in store but the chili on top was very tasty. The fried bacon strips was interesting, it came with lemon and salt on the side. I didn't think it needed the extra salt but it tastes a bit like fried chicken ... maybe from the batter they fried it in. The bibimbap was also very good and a good portion to share amongst two people. We ordered a Spicy Tuna Volcano in addition since this appetizer seems popular. It was nice and crunchy on the outside of the rice and topped with just the right amount of spicy tuna. I think I will prefer the rice block to be a bit smaller in size and a bit more crunchy. Other than that, it was a great appetizer!For BBQ, we had the Harami Miso Skirt Steak, Bistro Hanger Steak & Toro Beef Soy first. All meats were very good and I liked how we can cook base son our preference even though the waiters advise you beforehand on how long you should cook your meat. Next was the garlic shoyu chicken thigh, pork belly white soy and spinach garlic. We didn't enjoy eating the chicken, it was tasteless and wasn't as juicy as the beef dishes. The pork belly was okay, we still preferred the beef. The spinach was surprisingly very good. It was also very easy to cook. We ordered a Kalbi Short Rib in addition to our meal and it's probably our favorite beef slice amongst all. Lastly, we had S'mores that came with the meal as well as the fried banana cheesecake with ice-cream. The S'mores was such a fun and cute idea. The banana cheesecake was okay, I didn't enjoy it that much since I'm not into banana flavored things but my boyfriend enjoyed it ~ I did like the ice-cream a lot though! We managed to finish all our food but we walked out SO STUFFED. It's definitely a nice, chill place to have dinner. Don't forget to check-in on yelp for a free bowl of edamame!
Great spot. Glad they've opened one on Main St. Happy hour after 9pm on a Saturday night? Count me in. Drinks were inexpensive and service was on point. We ended up grabbing a table and ordering their 6 people special... for 5 people. It was awesome. Sooooo much food.  Grills were changed frequently before we had to ask. You get free edamame with your Yelp check in but that might take a while to come out. The staff is always polite and fun. Our waitress shared a picture of someone's burnt marshmallow disaster from an earlier shift. She was great. This place is always fun. Always count me in for cheap beer and s'mores.
Been to a few locations in the city and Chicago as well. Don't know how they do it but they definitely nailed quality control! From the service to the food, I don't even notice when I am in a different location. The bbq is amazing! My boyfriend and I usually order the Gyu-Kaku for 2 combo. The meat is marinated just right. They make slits in the meat so it guarantees all parts of the meat will catch the marinade. The grills are smokeless so you don't have those smoke vacuums over your food (like in Korean bbq). The beef bibimbap is seasoned nicely and scorched perfectly! BTW Add the mushroom packets if your gonna have bbq. If you need some alcoholic suggestions, the lychee bellini and mango mai-tai is really good.
Jackie was our server for the evening. He was very nice, and helpful, he helped us understand and even recommended so really good drinks. He was patient and our food came very very fast. Our food was very very good. we got the Happy hour special. Very fast and fun !But Jackie was the best !!! Thank you so muchhhhh!!
SUCH A FUN TIME. Our waiter was funny, knowledgeable and prompt. This is my go to in Flushing with a group of friends for an entertaining time.
The husband and I came here for our lunch date last Friday afternoon. We heard this location opened up not too long ago and have been meaning to come here to try since we've had it at the Cooper Square location before.There was NO WAIT whatsoever. I think partially because it was a weekday and in the afternoon. There were plenty of empty tables when we got there. No reservations needed. Phew. We were afraid of that since we had a doctor's appointment scheduled right after lunch.We opt for the *Premium Party Course* ($40 for 2 people) from the lunch special because we wanted Kobe Style BBQ meat!STARTERS & SIDES:-Salad x2-Miso Soup x2Rice x2BBQ ITEMS:-Kobe Style Bistro Hanger Steak Miso-Kobe Style Sirloin Steak Sweet Soy-New York Strip Steak Garlic-Pork Belly White Soy-Assorted VegetablesDESSERT:-S'mores x2TIP: Get FREE Edamame when you follow Gyu-Kaku on Instagram or like their FB page! You might have to remind them a few times that you liked their FB page because we did and didn't get the Edamame until later later later on. Humph. Anyhow , the salad was a fantastic kick starter!! Love the delicious dressing and the spring mix is super fresh! The miso soup was great, not too bland or salty. Seaweed and tofu tasted good too.The white rice was a bit hard and rough, tasted as if it was put in the reheat setting for too long. I think I was expecting the softer Korean rice, but we are in a Japanese restaurant. Shrugs.The Kobe style BBQ meat was overall good. I was not too crazy over the pork belly since there was an after taste to it. I also didn't really like the NY strip steak either because it was not marinated like the rest of the meat.We did not care much for the vegetables. We only got like 2 rolls of onions, 2 pieces of mushrooms, 2 slices of red peppers, and 2 slices of cucumbers. Meh.The s'mores were a nice end to our meal. Yummy toasted marshmallows on top of Hershey chocolate with crunchy graham crackers!***I think our biggest complaint was they split our orders of meat/vegetables in half and the second half did not come until after we finished eating the first half. Since it is self-service aka we grill the food by ourselves, we expected everything to be on the table for us to grill at our leisure. We were also on a time constraint so we did not finish our lunch until 1.5 hours later. Sigh to the slow raw food delivery.Other than that, it was a nice grilling experience. Well, the husband did all the legwork while I sit back and enjoyed the eating hehe. I love me a husband that takes charge!
I made a reservation for 7:45pm, however, was seated at 8:02pm.  The place was packed for a Monday evening and the hostess said that the table that was occupying our reservation was there for 3 hours that's why there was such a delay.  The staff was apologetic for the delay but it didn't change the fact that we had to wait excess of 15 minutes with a reservation. I came here with a party of 6 people and ordered the set for 6 people.  The food was good and the service was amazing.  Our waiters name was Brandon and he was so attentive and helpful.  His service and attitude was definitely a 5 star in my books.  He came by to constantly change the grill when it got a bit charred and to refill our water.  I wasn't quite full from this set for 6 people and we ordered extra items too. We ordered garlic noodles, bibimbap and 2 veggies.  I didn't leave here feeling hungry but I also didn't leave feeling full.  Happy hour is at 9pm to closing, which makes the drinks almost half off.  I would definitely come back here in the future and hope to have Brandon as my server.  Great overall experience for a restaurant that has only been opened for 3 months.
1st time I went to this location & I realized they dont have the matcha crepe & takoyaki yet which sucks cuz those 2 dishes are amazing from this place. I recommend the mango lemonade over the lychee lemonade as the lychee lemonade is pretty tart. The garlic rib-eye & the yaki shabu are too sweet. I think all the meat they serve is seasoned sweet by default unless you ask them to make sure the sauce or seasoning isn't sweet. The veggie noodles were ok.The chili wings are too sweet.The steamed chili shrimp dumplings were spicy & so good!The Spicy cucumber wasn't spicy at all but it was crispy. The Fried Calamari was good cuz of the Thousand Island sauce.The mochi ice cream had 4 flavors of 2 each: Thai tea, strawberry, matcha, & vanilla. Thai tea is best, matcha is 2nd (not too bitter), vanilla ranks 3rd as it didnt have much flavor, I honestly couldn't taste the vanilla. Strawberry is last cuz it was too sweet.I dont like the fact that the spicy sauce they have on the table is sweet & nowhere near spicy at all the locations. They said they do have actual hot sauce & we just need to ask for it. This location had the best service by far.
4.5 stars for this Korean BBQ place. Came here twice for the happy hour and I'm very pleased with both experiences. We ordered the tuna volcano appetizer (great) and the spicy bibimbap (great) and the chicken garlic noodles (just ok because it was lacking the ground chicken it promised on the menu). The drinks are good too, especially the strawberry margarita and lychee mojito. The good red meats for grilling are not discounted for happy hour, so .5 stars taken away for that. We usually get the skirt steak, short rib and filet mignon. From happy hour, we tried the basil chicken and assorted veggies. All pretty good! We will def be coming back! Good place to try out any time of the day. They also have an app with discounts and for points towards menu item redemptions.
This is the worst restaurant experience that anyone can have. We got to the restaurant at 7:30pm and was told that it was a busy night, but they will be able to accommodate us if we were willing to wait 45 to 50 minutes. Understanding that it was Saturday dinner time we waited patiently. After about an hour we were told that it will be another 15 to 20 minutes because the table that they planned to seat us at were finishing up and about to have dessert. Again we waited and kept seeing other parties come in and being seated right away as more people were leaving the restaurant so we know tables were opening up. I asked about our table and they kept saying that the party at our table were still finishing up. We would've left, but by this point we had already waited so long that we didn't want to go to another restaurant to wait again thinking that our table will open up soon. We ended up waiting over 2 HOURS before we were seated! This is very unprofessional, if they knew they were going to accommodate others first then they should've been honest from the beginning. We had an elderly couple in our party and they were starting to get nauseous from the hunger!The dining experience was extremely poor. When we were seated someone came to take our order, but when food started to come out we were missing quite a few items so we inquired about it. We found out that the person who took the order was not actually our waiter and some of the orders were not placed. Our waiter apologized and said that since it was so busy and people were getting seated at the same time so he asked someone (probably a bus boy) to fill in and take our orders while he went to greet another table. During our meal our waiter came to refill water in our glass, but the the problem is that we were drinking Pellegrino and my glass was still half-filled sitting right next the the Pellegrino bottle! He apologized and brought out another bottle, but after the experience we've had so far in this place it was hard to be understanding. The whole night was a SH1T SHOW!!!The food itself was also not that great. One of the dishes that we decided to try was their $32 Kobe ribeye. This was one of their "specialty dishes". To be honest, I could've gotten better steak for the value from my local pizzeria! When this thing came out, it was 6 paper thin slices of meat. To compare it to sliced deli roast beef would be an extreme compliment! I've had some great Kobe beef from very high-end steak houses (so I know my red meats), and I know that I can't expect that kind of quality here, but this thing was pure garbage (not tender at all, with absolutely no taste)!All in all we spent about 4 HOURS in this place because by the time we left it was just about 11:30pm. That's 4 wasted hours of my life that I wish I could take back. There are so many other great Asian-style BBQ places featuring marinated meats in Flushing that I don't recommend anyone wasting their time and money on this one. I'll definitely be "flushing"this place down the toilet. I'm usually a pretty easy-going kind of person, and don't really care to write reviews and stuff, but this was SOOOO BAD that it's worth warning others about. If there was a negative star rating available for this place, I would've given it that!
Oh My Oh My Oooooh My!!!I don't know where to begin! So I was going on a date and I picked thid spot b/c of the reviews  and let me tell you they didn't disappoint! Once you enter the staff says this greeting I can only assume was in Japanese and we found out that the greeting is the host says we have new guests and the staff responds with a welcome greeting..and they are loud let me tell you l, so you definitely feel welcomed!Once we were seated our server came over his name was Eric. He was such a super nice guy.  He explained how the ordering went and let us know that we cook ourselves, since it was indeed our first time there. So that was different. I informed them that it was my birthday celebration and drinks must flow..lol We ordered a variety of things like squid, chicken, seaweed salad, mushrooms, veggies and fish. It all was so good and the fact that the grill is right there on the table for you to cook was suoer cool. He also explained how long to cook each item which was helpful.. it all comes out wrapped in foil and you  just place it on the grill to cook. My date also ordered a Japanese beer and sake and I had a lychee Bellini with extra lychees b/c of my love for lychees and it was oh so good. Ken the bartender made my drinks and they were very good.After we ate and were just chatting a bit all of a sudden I hear "SOMEONE' S HAVING A BIRTHDAY!!!" Super loud and it startled me but I LOVED IT! The whole staff had to be like 10 or so of them came and sang Happy Birthday to me! It was so energetic I loved every moment of it. They gave me a crown and had signs and everything..So if you don't like the big fuss for your birthday then don't tell them, but I like all that stuff so it was great for me!If you go here make sure to ask for Eric as your server he is awesome..And he will talk a bit too, so if you don't want a server that can be chatty then do get him..However I like that he talked and engaged us a bit. Made my experience more personal, like he knew us.. Also the Manager came over to make sure everything was to our liking, which I greatly  appreciated. He was so nice and welcoming and always had a smile. I even talked to him at the end and he was still smiling and thanked us for coming. I want to say his name is Danny, but I don't think that's right,  either way he was great. The whole staff was awesome Everyone just made sure you were enjoying yourself.  Oh and they have am evening happy hour too that starts around 9p if you missed the earlier happy hour.  Needless to say I am DEFINITELY going back ..
I love this jbbq restaurant so much! Gyu-kaku is a chain jbbq resturant, they have a few in manhattan and they just opened one in flushing, great idea honestly. I'm literally here about 3-4x a month. I love coming here because they have great deals. They always have happy hour for the food and for the drinks. They have so many things on the happy hour menu and I order so much food an drinks. It's a great ambiance. The service is always great too, the waiters are super nice. It does get packed here at night, but they let you sit by the bar and order drinks as you wait. Smack in the middle of flushing, so its really easy to get to.
Yes!!! A Gyu-Kaku in Flushing! Location is awesome, parking sucks but still doable! Deals, prices all standard but what is important is the food and service! Food is phenomenal like always. The restaurant looks nice, although the walk way isn't that spacious. Our waiter - Eric? I believe was extremely helpful and nice. I actually went 2 times in one week because it was just that awesome! Even if you can't make a reservation online you can always give them a call and they'll work something out. They've also been very helpful with the reservation when I was unsure if we were going with 5 or 6 people. The second time I went it seems like they were short on staff. I went on a Sunday night, it was pretty busy, the place was full with more people waiting but there seems to be only 3 waiters.
This was a great experience though the waiter try to rush us through our meals. It's very easy a child could even cook the food. (Around 45 seconds on both sides) This restaurant is reasonably priced and affordable for anyone.The spicy tuna volcano and fried rice are must haves !!!
It is really good here!! There's always a line, make sure you make reservations!! Order their combos!! It is pretty fulfilling!!!
Update: I stopped by again to grab a quick dinner at the bar. The bar prices stay at the new Happy Hour prices all day--so it's a really good deal.I got the Lychee Tini (which was sweet, just the way I like it), an avocado salad (so good!), and the shoyu ramen. The ramen came in a very good portion and I was full before even finishing it. Compared to the grill, if you just want a quality, cheap dinner, the bar is the place to be. You still get the great foods that Gyu-Kaku offers (obviously without the meats) along with discounted drinks. I will definitely be stopping by here a lot more.
We made reservations at 5:30pm for 5 people. Got seated right away..but for 10 mins nobody acknowledged us and we were ready to order. We had to wave someone down to come take our order. Since happy hour ends at 6pm and we got there at 5:30pm we had the advantage to order a combo for 2 people for $50 dollars with a bit of everything which was awesome. So we ordered 2 of those $50 combo plus a mixture of other goodies on the menu. The bacon chips was a waste. Tiny bits of fried bacon with a side of salt, portion was very tiny. I suggest you save your $5 and get something else.  Since we ordered so much stuff I don't remember all that came with the $50 combo but I do know there was definitely 2 types of beef, chicken, pork, veggies, soup, salad, rice, edamame, and s'mores. And when you check in you also get a free order of edamame. They do offer discount when you download their app which was nice.  The place didn't make our clothes smell which is extra plus! Overall it was good besides having to hunt down somebody to order in the beginning. Our waiter did end up switching with another waitress to serve us and she was awesome. She changed our grill at least 4 times to prevent our food from cooking on the burnt surface which was nice.
This is my favorite BBQ place to go to. I've been to their other locations in the city and this one is just as good. The meat was very tasty and well seasoned. They will tell you how long to grill each type of meat and they change the grills for you once in a while. There is usually a wait during dinner so it is best to make a reservation beforehand. I did not try the ACYE option because I came on a weekend. The other locations does not have the AYCE option. I will definitely be back for that next time.
Came here for lunch. I wanted to come this past Monday for the all-you-can-eat but they don't have it on weekday holidays.Came here to order the ultimate 56-item all-you-can-eat. When I entered, it was quite busy. I remembered that the restaurant used to be a karaoke bar. At the restroom and waiting area, there are two TVs showing sports.In the main level, I see that there is a bar next to the stairs with two more TVs. This is the second restaurant that offer all-you-can-eat, with the other on in White Plains.While there, the service is good. Instead of a knob at the side of the table to control the heat, there is a knob below the table. The table next to me had the warning light flashing. The waiter turned the knob, disabling the warning light.This restaurant also has all-you-can-drink sodas for two dollars extra. I order three cooked food items and nine grilled items. I always end the meal with ice cream and s'mores.
I finally got to try this place since they opened in Flushing. I've been to the Midtown location and loved it but it was mostly reserved for special occasions because it's on the pricey side in my opinion. That being said, I don't think they've ever done AYCE at that location. I got an email about a deal for all-you-can-eat on Mon-Thurs for $35 ($45 for more items included) so I jumped on the deal. Here are my general thoughts:1) I thought this deal was for a limited time, but I think they have this all the time during the weekdays (Mon-Thurs). I did make reservations, but I don't think you need to. I came on  a Monday around 6:30 and there were plenty of tables open. 2) Everything we ordered was delicious. We did the regular $35 AYCE menu because there was plenty on there for us to try for our first time. We got various different cuts of beef - some were more tasty than others but we couldn't really recall what was what. We really enjoyed the cubed beef and the really thinly sliced beef. The shrimp and the pork sausages were amazing too, we kept ordering more plates of those. For appetizers, I was obsessed with the cold tofu with scallions piled top - so delicious and refreshing. The fried calamari was good too. However, the star of the meal was their sweet soy sauce -- soo good, I dunked everything in that sauce. 3) It was really easy to cook the food. The beef goes in the center of the grill because they cook faster, about 30-90 seconds on each side (depending on how thick the cut), whereas any other meat (chicken, pork, shrimp) and vegetables go on the outer parts of the grill, usually around 2 minutes per side. I like how they gave each of us a tong, so that everyone can partake in the grilling.4) They were really pleasant and nice to us in the beginning, always coming by to change out our grill and refill our waters. However, towards the end, I felt like they were a little pushy about getting us out. Apparently, there is a 90-minute limit. Now, I've been to other all-you-can-eat buffets and I know they all have time limits too, but other places were never too strict about it and I never felt like someone was actually timing me. Here, right about the hour and a half mark of our reservation time, they came by and said "last call for orders". Wow, really?? The place was more than half empty. It's not like we were even eating a lot, but we just like to take our time and enjoy our food instead of scarfing it down. This kind of ruined the experience for me and hence why I knocked off one star. Overall, I thought the food was great, but the experience could have been better.
My mom actually wanted to try this place for my little brother's birthday dinner after we couldn't get a table the last we were here. Now I can see why it's so popular, the food was really good. We came in the evening on a Saturday expecting it to be busy, but it wasn't. We could've gotten a seat ASAP, but the host said that we needed to have everyone present before we could be seated (my dad was still parking his car), so keep that in mind when you come here. After we were seat, we ordered the samurai set, $130, which feeds about 4 people. the samurai set comes with miso soup, gyu-kaku salad, chicken garlic udon, and beef sukiyaki bibimbap as appetizers. Seasoned filet mignon, sweet soy sirloin tare, harami, New York garlic strip steak, marinated kalbi, shrimp and mushroom ahijo, miso duck, chicken with pesto, and buttered asparagus as bbq items and s'mores as dessert. My favorites were the chicken garlic udon, kalbi, shrimp and mushroom ahijo, harami, and s'mores (obviously). We all loved the kalbi so much we ordered 2 more lol I was the least impressed with the miso duck, chicken with pesto, and the bibimbap. My mom also ordered their mango lemonade, which was quite delicious. It was kind of pricey,~$160 not including tip, but I would definitely consider coming back again because I found their meats to be very flavorful and tender compared to most kbbq restaurants I've been to.
I was so excited for this place to open up in flushing. This gave me the push to actually go and try gyu kaku in manhattan. The experience I had in the Cooper Sq location was pretty bad; I gave them a 1 star review on yelp.This new location is much better. The entrance is a big wooden door. I almost walked into some creepy looking place right next to the actual entrance. You have to climb a bunch of steps to get upstairs. We were seated after 5 minutes of waiting. Every time a customer enters or leaves, the staff shouts something in Japanese. This place is pretty nice and spacious. My boyfriend and I opted for the happy hour preset meal along with the spicy tuna appetizer. We also got the tokyo tea & mango mai tai. I've read on most of the manhattan locations that their drinks are all juice, it's watered down blah blah blah. THIS LOCATION DOES NOT CHEAT YOU ON THE ALCOHOL!!Our waiter, Eric? I believe was very nice. He explained to us all the different kind of meats, the sauces, which cut is better, how long to grill them for, etc. I learned that if the meat is on a white plate, they are generally a better cut of meat. The bibimbap here is made in front of you and to perfection. The one I had in the manhattan location was way too salty, very brown, just horrible in general but this location changed my perspective on it.The manager even stopped by our table to ask us how everything was and explained to us the future plans for the location!Overall, I still think gyu kaku is expensive for what you get but it is a pretty good price during happy hour. The happy hours at this location is pretty much like half the day. If I were to come back, it would only be during happy hour and to this location.
I live in the neighborhood and this place used to be a karaoke before turning into a new location of this famous Japanese bbq. My friends and I decided to check it out on a weekday evening. We came in around 9pm which is roughly their happy hours. There was quite a line but only a 5 mins wait. We ordered the Gyu Kaku set, the first one on the menu, and a couple of extra dishes. Appetizers include edamame, miso soup, fried shrimp dumpling and rice. We also ordered the Spicy Tuna Volcano but it was quite disappointing to me. If you want some veggies I suggest the Spicy Addicting Cabbage. Funny it is actually addicting. The meat was good quality but some of them were marinated more like Korean bbq, like galbi. My favorites are the beef tongue, of course, and the Butter Garlic NY Strips. The Harami Miso Skirt Steak was not that impressive, didn't taste much like miso. They also have corn with butter in foil cups so you can grill them up. I had a Lychee Mojito and it was delicious. Green tea ice cream was okay.Not sure if it's because it's newly opened or not but the staff is really attentive and helpful. Hope they can maintain the service. Our bill totaled ~$40 not including tips.
First time here and i loved it! Great service, great food! Will definitely be back! Everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful. A lot of variety of packages and reasonably priced!
This place has delicious food. I love the set up of their grills because it sucks the smoke downwards which keeps it from sticking to your clothes as much as other places. Their happy hour specials are great! I would get the combo that comes with lots of appetizers and meat and even s'mores. The beef is consistently tender and well marinated. I liked that they gave a packet of spinach too. My favorite appetizer has been the chili shrimp dumplings. Fairly priced for the food but some can say it's pricey especially in the Flushing area. It's located down a small street, across from a Starbucks.
Went on a weeknight around 9pm and caught their AYCE deal. Their kitchen closes at 10:45pm but you're welcome to stay and finish your food. I think I didn't leave until maybe 11:30. The waiters were super nice and helpful in their suggestions. They also came back periodically to check up on us. I think the meat quality was really really good; all seasoned well. I never tried Japanese BBQ before so this was a really pleasant experience. I think I'll definitely be back!
Super-fresh thin cuts of meat and great service. Don't be intimidated if you're new to Japanese BBQ like I was. Don't go during rush hour without a reservation.
Had a crave for Japanese BBQ and went to this place with my husband. We had a happy hour set dinner plus two appetisers, just enough for two of us. The quality of the meat is very high, I have had Gyu-Kaku in Hong Kong, i think they have the same standard, although it's definitely cheaper in NY lol
Came here around 10pm-ish with a party of 2. Found the wait to be about 10 minutes long.First time trying gyukaku or any jbbq for the matter and it was a great experience. The server was very knowledgable (a little too knowledgable because me and my friend were both a bit too tipsy to comprehend everything)We were going to opt for the kobe style for 2 @ hh pricing but decided we dont wanna be charged for things we dont really want in the set, so we opted for individual orders. We had the pork belly, fried rice, garlic noodles, ny strip steak, kobe style, and 1 other meat. The portioning was decent and everything was easily sharable. The only difficult part was actually cooking the meat to perfection because both of us being lazy and sucky at cooking, most of our meats turned out a little burnt. Regardless everything had a flavorful taste to it.Bill came out to around 50$ and we just left $10 tip. Would definitely come back again.
I recently came here twice in a week, one was for lunch and one was for the ayce (all day long Monday - Thursday) Lunch - I think we literally sat for close to 2 hours and we weren't rushed to leave. We opted for the 3 bbq items per person which also comes with rice, salad and soup. The choices we got to choose from were great. It was pretty filling since we also added 2 extra veggies. It's a good jap bbq experience if you don't want to spend too much. Ayce - there's 2 options, a $35 one with less items and the $45 with the premium items. Of course we went for the $45 one because there's so much more items to choose from. The food was really good and we got pretty stuffed. They were pretty strict with the 90 minutes but good thing we managed to get to the dessert part with 10 minutes left on the clock. But i have to say, it might've been because we ordered ALOT. I think we definitely ate our moneys worth. One thing I didn't really like was we were only allowed to order 2 meat dish per person per round so that it took longer to order everything we wanted but we eventually got too full anyways. Overall, Gyu-Kaku is amazing. Their food is fresh and taste delicious. I definitely recommend going for lunch and ayce but don't go for the ayce if it's a large group because you have to share one grill and needs to be out by 90 minutes!
So glad they opened a location in Flushing so that I can finally try Gyu-Kaku! The prices are a steal for happy hour, whether you're getting tons of meat or drinks. Don't expect to get super stuffed like at AYCE, but definitely expect good quality meat with flavor. The sauces also pair perfectly with the meat. The happy hour special for 2 is just the right portion!The meat cooks super fast so make sure to watch it so it doesn't burn! Unsure about everyone else's experience, but service was great when I went. My party was checked on regularly and even the head server came to ask us about how to better the experience there. I can see how this place can get super busy, so make sure to come early!
This is probably my go to Japanese bbq restaurant. The best happy hour prices on both food and drinks. The energy the servers have is fantastic. Everyone is very attentive and helpful. The service is fast and pleasant. The food is flavorful. You can cook all meats to your likings. Appetizer are superb. I love the fact the restaurant provide a reward system so it makes you feel appreciated and always want to go back.
Very slow. Took us 3 hours to finish a normal 1.5 hour meal. Waiter was nice but he was so busy that every thing was so backed up. Asked for a tea and it took two request just to get it almost 15 minutes later. Same with ordering soda. Alot of sitting and waiting for food to come to the table every other dish. The meat wasnt that fresh, not even up to normal standard. The price was standard but the quality was way lower then what it was priced. The seating was uncomfortable and very compacted. Not even enough walking space to even get through the place.
I've eaten at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ before (different location). My son and I visited during the late night "Happy Hour". My son loved the idea of cooking the food. I had been perusing the menu for a while since my last visit in Midtown so I knew what I wanted.We ordered: Fried Shrimp Dumplings, French Fries with Cod Caviar Sauce, Pork Sausage Fried Rice, Miso Ramen Pork. The meat -- Bistro Hangar Steak, Filet Mignon, Chicken Breast and Pork Belly.My son loved the idea of cooking the food. I let him cook all the meat excluding the Filet Mignon (that's my fave)The employees were really friendly to us, especially since it was my son's first time there. Being that it was Halloween, everyone was wearing costumes. Our orders were taken and our food rolled out pretty quickly!! Our grill was cleaned and changed quickly and without interrupting our meal. Our meal was pretty expensive, but it was worth it. We had a lot of food and ended up taking boxes home with us. Being as though it was Halloween, they gave my son a little Halloween pumpkin basket with candy inside.Definitely look forward to returning again in the near future. It's New York so parking was pretty bad. Especially since they're doing road construction close by.
My friend and I ordered the $60 Gyu Kaku for 2 (people) which includes 5 starters/sides, 6 variety of meat platters and the funnest part, which was making the dessert (s'mores!). Thoughts: Food - I liked most of the sides & meat. It was deeelish! Service - You have to grill it yourself but it's easy & pretty fun. They change the grill often and check up on you frequently! Price - It was about $35/person, Worth every penny! I'm not a big fan of BBQ and I realized that it was because of the lack of variety (in an order since usually you'd order like 1/2 a lb or a lb of a certain type of meat). But I started to like it after eating at Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ and I definitely would want to go back there.
I'm not pleased with how they organized their hosts and seating arrangements. First off, the 5-minute wait is acceptable if we have no reservations. But once we are about to go up to the table, then you tell us we only have 30-minutes to an hour to eat. I find that unreasonable because the hosts did not tell us before hand while we were deciding to wait or not. Aside from the hosts today not being clear and having to turn away and find somewhere else to eat, my previous visits have been delightful in their grand opening days; wonderful, attentive waiters who gave us the best service they could with so many other busy tables during the happy hours. Our waiter had given us wonderful recommendations and we definitely enjoyed the meal even if our group of four had to empty out our pockets. ^^;Although i'll be a return customer definitely, I sure hope they train their hostesses a little better.
Nothing like grilling your own food! Spicy tuna, chilli soy wings, and the addicting spicy cucumbers are just..... out of the world (I'm salivating just thinking about it). The meat (sorry vegetarians and vegans) -- but the meat is also fresh! Have really good flavors... My favorites are: Yaki Shabu Beef Sweet Soy, the Harami Secret Pot and the premium​ Sirloin​ Garlic! To top it off, you can make your own Smores ---
Tastes so good! Fast service, no wait, will come back. Cute waitress too haha. Drinks were okay, wish had more taste and punch! I got the lychee lemonade and miso ramen! So freaking good . P.s chili dumplings amazing!. Noise level was high but it was very busy
I've come here twice now and the first time had a really great experience and the second time a pretty good (but sort of odd) experience. There may have been an opening event the first time I came but there was a set meal for two that offered a variety of marinated beef that was all really tasty. It comes with s'mores at the end and was very affordable. We also came during happy hour so drinks were half off! The value and quality of the food during the weekdays is really good, so if you're available to go on a weekday that's best! I've heard all you can eat can get pricey at dinner time. The second time we came was also during happy hour. We ordered a 150 ml carafe of hot sake for around 4-5 dollars during happy hour. It never came out even after the waitress told us it was coming after about 10 minutes and our appetizers had been served, I asked her again and she said she'd check, then came back and said they didn't have any more that day. I told her it was okay, but she recommended a very pricey bottle instead that was 20 dollars even during happy hour. We ordered an alternative that was a little less expensive but felt like the interaction was odd. The food comes out and we start grilling - no complaints here, everything was good again. Toward the end, a manager comes over and introduces himself and asks us if we're enjoying everything. We said we were okay and had liked everything. He prodded us a little and asked us if we were sure (??) and to let him know if there was anything.We left feeling like the food was good, but the service felt a little uncomfortable. We would try it again though as we had a good time the first time we came.
We had such a great time at this restaurant! I'm blown away the food was absolutely delicious and fresh. Great spot for a date night or a night out with friends. Our server was very friendly and helped us pick out all of our food. We started with the tuna volcano sushi and the Japanese fried wings AMAZING. Then we got the premium steak and this delicious rice. At the end of our visit the manager visited us and made us feel at home. We will definitely be back!
Service is good and food is good. Drinks are happy hour $5. Great.  But the food at the end of it getting the combo I have a salty after taste in my mouth. Everything good just a bit salty. Only give a three star because it a bit salty. But everything else is great. Good place for group or date. Got the kobe combo it's great but have to say again for my taste bud it's salty
One Word. HOT. The food. GREAT. The Service. EXCELLENT. My partner and I were craving Japanese BBQ and we were Anti-Manhattan so we made our way to Flushing. Little did we know that they had just recently opened, but to our surprise, it was running so smoothly that it felt as if it had been there for years. My recommendation is to make a reservation as we had to wait roughly 40 minutes. The place is not large, but they did a great job of making it feel roomie. We were greeted by our waiter who was excellent. He was super attentive and gave us the full experience. We reviewed the menu and rather than order the set, we ordered a la carte. For Appetizers, we were the spicy dumplings and the spicy tuna volcano. The dumplings were good and the sauce that covered it was great! The spicy tuna volcano was also pretty good though it seemed pretty standard. As for the BBQ, we got a ton of different meats and veggies and went to town. Meats marinated nicely and everything tasted so fresh. Many of the other waiters checked in on us which we loved along with the manager. It was a Friday night when we got there and we noticed that all the guys were really good looking. We hit the JACKPOT. We left so satisfied. Will definitely be back.Grade: A
New spot in Flushing for some self grilled meats.  3.5 StarsThis place is on the 2nd floor on the corner of Main street and 41st street.  It is not handicap accessible, there's about 3 flight of stairs.  If you are visiting with elderly folks or people with handicap, I would think twice before visiting.As a regular fan of Korean BBQ, the meat here tasted more flavorful since they marinate it, so it really depends on what you're in the mood for.Made a reservation for 8:45pm Friday, however when my group got there we had to wait about 15 minutes.  Host at the front was apologetic, however I was hungry!After my table was seated, the waitress explained the items on the menu and was very helpful.  Since my table made it for happy hour (9pm - closing daily), we opted to order a set for two, and ton of meats from the happy hour items.  Not all items qualify for happy hour, so I guess the cheaper cuts of meats had happy hour prices, which was still decent.The meat were marinated well and needs about 50 seconds - 1.5 minutes depending on how rare or well you want it cooked on the grill.  Vegetables in foil packages takes about 2 minutes per side.  The garlic marinated beef was probably the best tasting in my opinion.  The miso soup that came with the set was super salty.  I had to tell the manager that they added too much salt when he came around asking how is everything.  He gave me another miso soup to test out and it was better.  The waitress changed our grills often between each meat when it became charred black.  The fried rice was made table side and that tasted pretty good.  Spicy Tuna Volcanos tasted good, but the rice was on the harder side.Mixed drinks were on the sweeter side.  I ordered a peach sunset and it seems like they added too much syrup and no enough alcohol.  After the meal was done, the manager offered a choice of ice cream on the house since we had to wait for our table even though we had reservations.  My group of 5, and they only brought 4 green tea ice cream.  That didn't make sense, maybe cause one of the person in my table was a child, but still...it would've made sense to give us 5 desserts.
Something different than your average restaurants in Flushing. We came in a group of 6, so it made sense for us to get the set for 6. Had to say the variety was great but the portion was just alright. Each of us averaged to two pieces per dish. We ordered extra things from the menu too but most of us still didn't feel full. My favorite was definitely the s'mores. It was so cute and you get to make it yourself. :)4 Stars: The set included appetizers, entrée, and desserts. & Since you cook it yourself, you get to control how you want your beef to be. However, 4 stars, mostly because the customer service was phenomenal. It is difficult to find staffs that are so welcoming and attentive to your needs. Our server, Brandon was great. He really shared his insights about what he liked and what he didn't really liked. He even mentioned to us what sauce was more popular etc. I thought was pretty neat. Usually staffs just tell you what is good which sometimes just sounds like mere advertisement. Dishes off the table quickly, waters were refilled without being asked, and kept up with all our needs. Overall, the experience was pretty good. Keep up the good work! Can possibly improve on the portion size? Tip: Get drinks during happy hour. ^^ 9PM - Closing.
Ordered the Shogun off the Happy Hour menu for my party of 6. We ordered some additional plates of meat and shrimps. Definitely a place for meat lovers. Everyone were satisfied with the food. I don't eat any beef so the only things I ate were the chicken and shrimps. I ended up eating a lot of the salad, apps, and rice. They change the grill very often so your food doesn't get charred. The manager seems attentive and goes around to ask how her patrons are doing and asks for suggestions on any improvements they need to make. Overall, we had a great dinner with great service.
I love this place. Get the Kobe and Wagyu. It's a bit pricey but SO worth it, the meat melts in your mouth. Service was EXCELLENT!!Thank you Kay for being an awesome server!  It's also really hard to find places with REAL Wagyu beef imported from Japan. If you're in flushing and craving some A+ quality meat - this is your spot.
This was one of my favorite place to eat at. The environment and service was really good. Everybody was really friendly and the food was amazing.
Amazing service & food, and Dennis and Eric are stand out workers. We came in last week during the snowstorm and they were clearly understaffed but Eric handled his tables and the bar flawlessly. He still made sure to keep his numerous patrons beyond happy. We also came in yesterday and witnessed a situation at the bar. Dennis handled the entire thing with poise and professionalism. I was amazed with his demeanor throughout the time. Can't stop raving about the staff here!
As someone living in Auburndale, you can imagine my excitement upon learning that this place opened up on Flushing Main Street. It's awesome being able to enjoy yakiniku without having to make my way down all the way out to Manhattan!While I was originally excited to go in for the yakiniku fun, I found myself going in more and more for the bar specials. If I'm by myself I usually go for the $14 bar special, which allows you to choose to appetizers from a plentiful list, as well as either a beer or a small carafe of hot sake. If you're light weight though, that small carafe is probably all you need and will last you for a while, so this is the deal for you! I tend to go for their addicting cabbage, which believe me, lives up to the "addicting" in its name. On top of that I go for the spicy tuna poke and my hot sake carafe and bam!, one awesome 14 dollar treat!I'm also a big fan of their cocktails! Every time I go in I like trying a new one off their creative menu. Up till now my favorite has been the Patron Margarita, refreshing and the bartender Phyllis (awesome at her job!) made it nice and sour for me. I'll keep adding to this review as I try more of their cocktails as well as other appetizers on the bar menu, but up till now I've been happy with my experience here! Part of what makes my experience so fun every time is that without the staff. Dennis and Phyllis, two of the bartenders are super easy to talk to and go out of their way to provide exceptional service. Eric and Alan are also lots of fun to talk to when they're not super busy running around (which will likely be the case since this place is pretty popular!). The staff is definitely why this place is a 5/5 to me and I hope to keep seeing this place staffed by lovely individuals as long as it's around :)Food・Addicting Cabbage: actually addicting. Don't believe me? Try it and see!・Spicy Tuna Poke: Sadly as is the case with spicy fish, the wonderful tones of the raw fish become muddled. Depending on the chef the presentation varies a lot, too.・Fried Chicken (Karaage): not bad, though also not the best I've had. The sauce helps though!・Seaweed Salad: love this one!・Edamame: edamame. (For me that's a good thing LOL)・Sukiyaki Beef Bibimbap: Filling, but aside from that, it doesn't really stand out in terms of flavor.・Hakusai Kimchi: pretty standard kimchi, which again, for me is a good thing.Spicy Tuna Volcano: looked cool, tasted a bit bland.Steamed Chili Shrimp Dumplings: Pretty standard as far as dumplings go. Not nearly as spicy as they might look.Overall, if you're here for food, I'd recommend sitting at a table as opposed to at the bar. Remember: there is no yakiniku at the bar due to the fact that the grills are only at the regular tables. Cocktails・Patron Margarita: patron silver, triple sec, lime. I went with the classic flavor option and was not disappointed. One of my faves from Gyukaku.・Geisha Girl: vodka, malibu, peach pucker, orange. Easy to drink, leaning more towards the sweet side but not too sweet.・Tokyo Tea: vodka, rum, gin, tequila, midori (melon liquor), triple sec, sour, sprite. I liked it, but not enough to order it over the margarita or mojito. Def packs a punch!・Forbidden Punch: captain morgan's, pomegranate, grenadine, apple pucker, orange, pineapple. Way too sweet for me, but if you've got a sweet tooth you'll probably enjoy it. Kinda tasted like Kool Aid LOL・Bombay Martini: bombay, dry vermouth. Channeling my inner 007, got mine shaken, not stirred lol! The strongest drink I've had from this place. Not for the faint of heart.・Mango Mai Tai: White rum, dark rum, triple sec, pineapple, mango purée. Yummy, but a bit too sweet for my tastes.・Mojito: so goodPoint: during happy hour, all cocktails fall within the $5 dollar range. Score!
Our waiter, Wen, was the highlight of our meal. He was always checking up on our table, making sure our waters were filled, and was super friendly. We had happy hour drinks and ordered a la carte. Our favorites were the Harami Miso Steak and the chicken thighs. The Spicy Tuna Volcanos were awesome as well. I'll definitely be back to this location! It is smaller than the ones in the city, so if you have a large group, try to make a reservation.
Dammmmmmmmn. This place is the bees knees and then some. Actually feels like you're in Manhattan and not in Flushing. The plave is tucked away across from Starbucks so it can be easy to miss but you'll know once you climb the stairs and get that smell of sweet sweet barbeque.Started off with drinks at the bar before our 9pm reservation (and definitely get some for weekends - the place was packed). It's happy hour from 9 to midnight so our cocktails were $5. Strong and um...CHEAP.Then it was meal time. The menu is extensive and could be intimidating, but our server was kind enough to explain everything. Definitely recommend getting one of the set menus or going a la carte. We opted for picking all the items separately and pretty much dish was a hit. Appetizers - spicy tuna volcano, cucumber, seaweed saladEntrees - shio ramen, beef sukiyaki bibimbapMeat - kobe, kalbi, garlic beef, pork + assorted veggiesDefinitely come hungry and be ready to eat like royalty. For the GF and I, this feast came out to $80 total and it felt like a steal. Want to keep this place our little secret but that'd just be greedy. Definitely coming back!
One day as I was going home from Main St and waiting for my bus, I looked up and there I saw the letters: Gyu-kaku. I was overjoyed at the thought that Japanese BBQ specialist Gyu-kaku was opening because I know they're good.As of this review, they are only in soft opening mode meaning they take reservations only. If you walk-in, it'll be hard to get a seat since there everything is made to grill table side, there isn't much leeway for those without reservations. Since it was a family dinner and a first-time, we decided to go for the pre-set "Gyu-kaku" set with five starters & sides, six BBQ items, and s'mores for dessert. The fried shrimp dumplings had a a beautiful golden crispy exterior and the shrimp inside was seasoned well. The gyu-kaku salad is refreshing with a sweet tangy dressing which works with the bitterness of the salad greens and cherry tomatoes. For the BBQ items, come in two batches, or that's what is supposed to happened. We received four at once: the bistro hanger steak miso, garlic shoyu rib eye, premium sirloin garlic, and New York steak strip garlic. Out of those four, the standout is the bistro hanger steak miso with the perfect amount of meat to fat ratio and umami-packed. Combine it with the any of the three sauces available: sweet soy, ponzu (my favorite!), or spicy plus rice and that really makes a sensational bite worth having again and again.Unfortunately, there were some service issues. Our table was cleared about after we grilled the first four BBQ items. What we realized after that was that we did not get the last two items and the miso soup for the sides. So we had to reset. Our server was a bit frazzled and apologized for the problems. Due to that we actually got the s'mores for free and because my mom really wanted the Xango fried banana cheesecake with ice cream, we also got that as a complementary item. The manager also apologized at the end of the meal for the delay time between the BBQ items.As a former KTV bar, you can see the layout of how it was then but they've done great job with making the space look like a signature Gyu-kaku with the medium dark wood and grill tables. Aside from service kinks that will hopefully be resolved, Gyu-kaku Flushing is a great addition to the neighborhood. Happy eating and remember: Don't deny, satisfy!
AMAZING!!!!!! Seriously ! I had a good time AND the food was great because I cooked it to my liking ! Very hospitable & the manager makes you feel special. Came to our table and made sure we were enjoying ourselves. Our waiter was great and very attentive. The drinks were great, the music was great & the overall vibe was very cool. Definitely will come back & would recommend other people as well. For it only opening in June of 2017 the business is running great !
The best Beef BBQ in Flushing but slow service.  You need to have a reservation otherwise the wait is long for Buffet.
My waiter Eric dared me to eat all my food that I had ordered and I did. THATLL SHOW YOU ERIC! lol JK he was very friendly and a great host.What an amazing establishment!! This was the best all you can eat BBQ experience I ever had. The owner is a genuine person who cares about his staff and quality of food and his customers. I will come back time and time again to have this wonderful experience again!
This place was great we got the Gyu-Kaku for two, lots of food, tasted great.  Happy hour was fun.
Had a friend's birthday dinner here recently. The servers and bartenders were knowledgeable, fun and friendly. The happy hour is great for cheap drinks. The food is outstanding! We didn't want to stop eating. Overall, we all really really enjoyed everything and look forward to returning soon.
Love this spot!It is on the pricey side, but it's definitely worth the money. The ingredients are definitely very fresh.My boyfriend and I came here twice and we always order one of the sets, because it's definitely much more worth it.The place is nice and clean, I would say it would be best to make a reservation, just in case because they don't really have a lot of tables, so to insure that you get a table soon and not have to wait a long time make a reservation.The waiters and waitresses there are very kind and helpful. They are amazing and gives great customer service.
I had dinner tonight at Gyu-Kaku. It was awesome!! From the moment we walked in the door, everyone was just so pleasant. It was actually slightly strange for me. Some servers even bowed as we walked past. It was totally different then experiences I've previously had in restaurants in Flushing. Specifically - The server Danny was GREAT.My friend and I got a wide variety of things: steak, salmon, scallops, shrimp, fried rice, dumplings. Everything was super good and fresh. I would comment that portions aren't the biggest. The dumplings came 3 to an order. The shrimp and scallops came 4 to an order for $9.95 each. I  would need to order quite a few of everything to get full. Although prices don't seem terrible everything does add up.They have happy hour every day from 9pm to close! That's incredible. There were a whole bunch of things that were included in happy hour as well. In summary, I'll be back soon. :)
Best japanese bbq i ever have , i went with my wife for dinner , service super nice and friendly , food come out fast , super tasty food too , we will be back
Maybe if service is better the next time, I'll raise the stars.Food wise no doubt is great! Especially the Kobe variety steak are definitely worth those high dollar amounts. The chicken garlic noodles were mad salty but good texture and flavors. Spicy tuna volcano were actually delicious! They really fried the outer layer (rice) to super crisp! Spicy ahi tuna poke were fresh and nicely flavored, just a bit little for $8.95. Everything else on the premium package is nice but the shrimp garlic is just bland shrimp :/Our server didn't bring our water until we were super thirsty from eating the food (asked multiple times for water beforehand). We waited for awhile every time for the grill plate to be changed. There was stuff in my water :/ But the s'mores in the package helped at the end.Our server seemed like he never serve before or at least with very little experience, I could tell since I was in the business for over 4 years. A busy place like this should hire experienced servers or at least train them well before putting them out to serve multiple tables during peak hours.
I'm in love with the Coco! Their mixed drink, Coco-Mo that is! Couldn't stop ordering these! Their lychee bellini and Tokyo Tea were pretty good too. Service was excellent.  The servers were super attentive and changed our grills as soon as a layer of char was on them.  Every time they placed new meats on our tables, they told us how to grill them and for how long for best taste.  Food was great!  All the meats were fresh and delicious.  Marinated perfectly.  Did I mention the Coco-Mo yet? haha, I'll definitely be coming back.
Excellent service every time I've been here. I love the quality of the meats they offer, as well as the very reasonable prices. The mega mug of Sapporo has to be my favorite thing available as well as the toro beef, which is basically make your own bacon. Has to be one of my favorite asian food restaurants in New York.
The bar area is pretty small but service is fast. Make sure you make a reservations for the dining area because it is pretty small as well (compared to the cooper location) and it gets pretty busy. The service for the tables is fast and good. Didn't get to try the bbq here but the drinks here are good and the cooked foods are as well. Can't go wrong here.
I came here on a friday night with a party of 6 and we got the Meat Lover's which is premade set for 6 people. The beef cuts were definitely the highlight of the course and the lesser favorites were the pork and chicken. Service was good, especially on a busy evening. Our server was pretty cool and informative on happy hours that they had later at night. After buying a couple of drinks, the bill ended up coming out to about $50 per person which is a bit on the pricier side, but overall food, service, and and experience was positive.
I don't know why, but this is really my go to Japanese BBQ jam. I'm a big fan of the East Village location, but I have gone to Times Square several times. East Village has such a good crowd of workers, super chill. Times Square is almost always packed, filled with working individuals and even with reservations, you may have to wait a while to get seated. The attention over at Times Square is not as good as the one in the Village. Happy hour is always the best time to go, but for a difference of a few dollars, it's just a few extra plates of meat. A lot of times, the meats that I love are not even on the happy hour menu, so it's really going for the drinks. The best happy hour item is probably the booze - a bottle of plum wine please !They have the mobile app now where they offer you some specials. I have probably redeemed way too many discounted meals because of this (not a bad thing of course). Refer friends and get bonus points towards your meal where you can redeem for plates of food or $25 off your meal. Feel free to use my Gyu App Referral code: CindyUng7630
The Salad is medium size bowl and taste very good. Not too much dressing. Tofu is very soft to eat.  Beef ave other meats are premium and takes 45 seconds to cook
Damn good all you can eat Japanese BBQ.Came in and did three all you can eat option for $35 and wasn't disappointed. Eric was a great waiter and helped us make sure we knew what we were doing and how to cook the meat properly.Don't miss out on the toro beef.
From the second yu walk through the door the service starts! With greetings, menus,instructions choices,the service was top notch! Our server was 'Palm'super nice guy ,gave us reccomendations. Took pictures for us. Our group was 8 and we celebrated our friends birthday! It was truly a BLAST! Cant eait to go back with  y family..so they too can enjoy a wonderful experience with FOOD!
I was really excited about this place especially since I've been to the one in California I must say I was very happy with the service closest was a sweetheart and our waiter was a gentleman extremely attentive - the Kalbi on the grill was amazing!!!! And the chicken noodles look like it was handmade but I forgot to ask and tasted awesome. Deafly coming back here again
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and I couldn't have found such a gem.  The service is phenomenal.  With it being our first time here out waitress made us feel right at home.  She was really patient with us,  she went over the specials,  recommended some items and made it real easy to order.  The food came out fast and out was delicious.  I will deff will be coming back here in the near future
I love the food and the waiter was super nice. It was most of our group first time here so we weren't sure on what to get and was taking a while picking everything out. The waiter make jokes and was patience through the whole process.
I've been to a Gyu Kaku in the city and remember enjoying the experience there. I came to this location in Flushing with a friend who I haven't seen in over a year and wanted to catch up. The food was okay. The seasoned meats/ seafood all tasted similar and some lacked flavor. My favorite was honestly the corn. The service was overbearing and our conversation was interrupted multiple times. I understand new establishments want feedback from their customers but please let your customers enjoy their dinner and give them some room to breathe.
We always come for the happy hour. Every night from 9 to close drinks are half price and the food is discounted as well. The food is pretty good though you will not be blown out of the water.We usually get the happy hour special and between the two of us we tend to have left overs. You can add in certain dishes (I usually throw in extra veggies). The special comes with some appetizers like dumplings, bacon rinds and a salad. The meats.come out and you get a selection of about 5-6 between beef, pork and chicken. The meat is marinaded before it is brough to you and everything we have tried so far has been great (especially the pork belly). The best part about this place is you leave no smelling like you sat in a smoker for hours. Their grills sucktion all the smoke out, which is a nice change from other BBQ places.At the end we always get s'mores, tho by that time I have had too much food and have no space. Great dinner place if you are out late in the area.
I came here for my birthday and the staff were really nice to me and my friends. They really know how to have fun and the food was amazing. It's really expensive though so unless you have lots of spare money in your wallet try to save before coming.
Was here for dinner on a Thursday night. Not too busy. Very good service and nice atmosphere. One of the more nicer restaurants in flushing.
This place has amazing customer service. I had a good time cooking my shrimp, scallops and veggies. I had the garlic fried rice, shrimp dumplings and fried calamari....everything delicious! This is a great restaurant for dates as well as for families.
Came here with a friend to try this new place out! I only have two complaints. First, the lighting is so dim that its very hard to see if the meat is fully cooked or not. Second, the host that seated us was mumbling. I didnt understand one word he was saying. Food is great. But, I will stick to kbqq instead because of the free side dishes they offer.
This restaurant is open in flushing and finally give myself and my friend a try. The food quaility is good. But the service is not. First, out service is very rush to take our order and without even explaining anything and after drop off the water. When we request the more sauce for the beef, he seems rolling his eyes and unwilling. This is not a good sign for service. I know maybe they have a lot of rude people dine in this location, but please be nice to everyone. I will def not coming back. Better go to the one in the city.
When I heard Gyu Kaku opened up a location flushing I was ecstatic! I frequent Gyu Kaku Times Square but having a location much closer to me meant I could satisfy my cravings without having to leave Queens. I reserved a table for two the day before and arrived 5 minutes early. It's really easy to miss the entrance and once you walk up the stairs you're greeted by a narrow walkway with the bathroom on one side and the hostess stand at the end of the walkway. We waited a good 5 minutes before anyone came downstairs to acknowledge our existence and then were told to wait another 10-15 minutes while they prepared a table for us. I thought the idea or reserving a table was so that I could be seated when I got there. Guess not. One star off. The upstairs space itself is much smaller than other gyu kaku locations and tables were pretty close to each other but it didn't really affect the dining experience. Their lunch menu and happy hour pricing are pretty similar to other locations but the portions were slightly smaller than other locations. Another star off. We ordered a bit too much food and had to take it to go - we ended up having to ask 3 different people for a to-go container 3 times each. Overall quality of the food is good, portion sizes are a bit off, staff was a bit scattered but there's room for improvement. I'll be back, and hopefully it'll match my experience at their other locations in the city.
My fiance and I came here about a month ago. We came around 9pm to try to participate in Happy Hour! We waited about an hour, seated around 10pm.  We ordered 3 veggie dishes and about 5 meat dishes, and smores for dessert. We got some drinks, they were pretty strong. We paid about 50 dollars pp, smores was a great finisher to the meal. The service was above par.
I went this past Sunday and the food was amazing!!! So delish. I never knew that there was Japanese bbq and was so pleasantly surprised. They opened just a few months ago and even better thats its in Queens. Awesome. It was recommended to the fam, so we came. Very nice decor and all staff were super attentive and friendly. The waitress Kay was very nice. It was our first time at the restaurant so a quick description was given on how it is. Thankful for that. We arrived around 4:30pm and it was happy hour for food and drinks until 6pm. Score. My party ordered apps, entrees and drinks. For drinks, we ordered a bottle of sake, a margarita and a lycheetini. Drinks were great. We ordered fried shrimp dumplings and fried calamari for apps. They were so delicious and crispy. We loved it. If you follow Gyu-kaku on facebook or instagram, you get a free order of edamame. Just show the waitress and your order of edamame is on its way. As for our entree selection, we ordered filet mignon, skirt steak, garlic shrimp, scallops, zucchini, brocolli, beef bimipbab and garlic rice. The waitress told us how many minutes each item took on the grill. Now time to bbq on the mini grill in the middle of the table. I was the cook for the night haha. No problem. Each table had a pair of tongs for each person in the party which was great. The flavor on the meat was delish. The veggies were oh so delish both grilled and steamed. As for the rice, both orders came in cast iron bowls steaming and the waiters would mix the rice and portion it for you. Very nice. We made the beef bimipbab very spicy. Wow that was so delicious. As for the garlic rice, my party had to add some sauces to liven the flavor. After the meat was cooked, I went on to cook the seafood. It was so delicious. The shrimp and scallops so yummy. So we were lacking some more meat and we ordered an extra order of filet mignon and to add to it another order of the beef bimipbab. So good and we were so full. No room for more. Another tidbit that the waiter gave us is that if you get the app and sign up, you can receive rewards for every purchase and able to redeem them for free food and a discount on your next visit. Double score. Once you sign up you scan the receipt and there you go, rewards. I could have received smores, which is a popular item, but my party was so full. Definitely next time making room for dessert. I had a great time. Lovely decor and the staff wow. I am definitely going back and now that I know they have a location in Cali I am so there.
We had lunch special BBQ which includes salad, miso soup, rice and two choices of meats for 10.99.  Some meats choices cost two or three dollars extra.  But I think it's still a good deal.  They offer lunch special on weekday before 3pm.  Two of us tried Kalbi, Harami, hanger steak and Yagi shabu beef, and our favorite were Harami and hanger steak.  There were three different kinds of BBQ sauces on the table, but some of the meats marinaded well and adding sauce may be too salty.  Try them without sauce first.
We had a fun evening and the food was very good. If you order a la carte, you may risk your entire order coming down at once. Good to communicate In order not to have multiple dishes in front of you.
This is one of my favorite Korean bbq restaurant.  While it is pricey $$$  it is worth it. While I frequent the midtown Manhattan location most of the time, the flushing location did not disappoint. It is located on the second floor of a building.  The entrance is on a side street,  not main street.  The receptionist was friendly and professional.  The bar area is very small. As well,  all in all the entire place is a bit small for my taste but the food and especially staff more than made up for the discomfort of the seating area.  We chose the $130 group menu for 4 and added 2 avocado( $7) salads with our meal.  Everything on the menu, with a few exceptions, was delightful.  The server will bring out your menu items and turn the burner on for you to cook the meat.  You are provided with three choice of sauce; tangy,  sweet and spicy. There is sea salt available but you must ask for it.  All of the meats were fresh and tender.  I especially enjoyed the kolbi steak which was super tender and mouth watering.  The miso soup was very bland and the duck was not to my liking.  It had a gammy taste to it.  To drink I ordered a ginger ale (free refills)  and for dessert I had the crepe and vanilla ice cream ($12)(the menu included smores for dessert) .  The crepes were light and fluffy and the ice cream was a perfect companion. The only cons are the decor,  small space and parking.  We parked on prince street and paid $12 for two hours.  There is a parking garage on main street for $1 less.  Make sure to make a reservation as far in advance as possible,  they like all the other locations fill up quickly.  Special shout out to Danny one of the best waiters I've had.  He was professional, courteous, quick and very pleasant!
I have been to the cooper square location and had a great experience, so my girlfriend and I decided to give this location a try. We made reservations and we got seated true to our reservation. Our waiter, Eric, was very attentive throughout our meal up until all the meat was grilled. We ordered the premium meal for two, which came with dessert. We never got our dessert and when I tried to find Eric to get the bill, he was busy waiting his other table. I get that it just turned happy hour, but he did not come check up on us once for 30 minutes. We had to wave down another waiter to get our bill, and that took another 15 minutes. If not for another waiter, Jeremy, apologizing profusely, I would've given this location a lower rating. Oh...and we were promised that our dessert was coming, but that didn't happen....
Amazing food, and great service. Our server taught us how to properly cook our meat and Both Managers even did table touches and one of them even sang happy birthday to me. And it wasn't one of those fake birthday songs that people dread to do, this was an actual cheerful birthday song. Everyone was actually smiling and seemed so into. Great service and great staff. Deff would be coming here again.
Came here for happy hour with a party of 10 for a friend's birthday. I already made reservations so the seating process was quick and easy. My girlfriend and I got the $70 Premium set and our whole table got around ~8 Sapporo pitchers ($14 during HH). I've been here many times and the meat is always so fresh, flavorful, and delicious. The beer draft is also very refreshing and compliments the meats very well. Definitely recommend coming here during Happy Hour for the food or just drinks!After we left the restaurant, we realized that the waiter charged my order incorrectly for the Premium set; they charged each item separately (the rest of the table's check was correct). I called the restaurant the next morning and explained to the manager what was incorrect and he offered me back the difference and cash and an extra gift card on top for the inconvenience.
Absolutely delicious. Went on short notice and had no problems getting a reservation. Parking in the area is a little difficult but nothing unexpected for NY.  Hostess was fast and friendly getting us to our table and the service was great. Eric was our server and he did an outstanding job of explaining the menu and the way the restaurant works. We ordered the meat lovers and it was a TON of food for 2 people.  This will be a regular stop on my trips to NY.
I don't understand all the rave reviews. We came here on a Saturday night and were so disappointed by the experience! You can barely see the meat you are cooking because it's so dark and it too FOREVER for our meat to arrive. They give you very small portions of meat! My poor kid got very sick after eating from here. She had a stomach ache the whole night after dinner and vomited three times the day after. Never again will I come to this place.
GREAT PLACE!! I would totally recommend to anyone looking for a self grill restaurant. The service was impeccable changing the grill after every round of food made to help prevent burning. The meat was fresh, delicious and so easy to cook. There were very clear instructions and if you ever had a question they would come right away. Although this place is a little expensive they have many deals and a reward system with points. I would 1000% recommend this restaurant.
It was my cousin's last night in NY so dinner was a must.  It was a Saturday night so I knew it would be busy. I made reservations at 9:45pm. The food and drinks were amazing and well priced. Learned they have happy hour everyday even the weekends which is alway a plus.  The waiter we had the pleasure of having named Alan was great.  He was very energetic and had great recommendations. He was very detailed oriented describing how to cook different meats which I learned through experience make a difference. Monday through Thursday all you can eat for $35. Yup I'll be back!!
I've been here many times and the service and food has always been wonderful. My favorites are the shishuto peppers, fried bacon chips, and sukiyaki bibimbop. Gyukaku has not once disappointed me and I will continue coming here. Love you gyukaku.
I go almost every week dude, mostly on weekdays around 9:00 pm for the happy hour dealx.. Japanese BBQ, Sake and Beer...  Can't go wrong.
I was so excited when flushing gyu kaku opened because I loveeee gyu kaku! However,Food- Significantly smaller portions & less flavorful, prices are definitely more expensive compared to Manhattan locations. Was really disappointed. In terms of my favorite, Sukiyaki Bibimbap... definitely not even comparable to the Manhattan locations, doesn't taste the same, the texture is so different. The spicy tuna volcano is also not as good. Service- This is why I still gave them 3 stars. Excellent service from our servers, very attentive& provided a very energetic environment which made my dining experience great. However, would prefer a little less energy so my dining session isn't interrupted by "do you need something?" Overall, 6/10 would come back again
Good Japanese bbq. Servers are nice, the hostess was nice. Meat is fresh, good quality
Omg finally Flushing has a place serving quality food! I've been to Guy-kaku in the city before but definitely didn't receive the same hospitality that I received tonight here at the flushing location. Our server Eric was so kind and wonderful. The food is mind blowing as usual. The environment is very chilled and music is amazing. It's a great place for group events, as well as date nights!
We spotted this location a few weeks ago and it got me all excited! I've never been to Gyu-Kakus in the city but I've loved dining at locations in SoCal. I called and inquired about reservations around 6 pm on Father's Day and was told the earliest reservation they had was 9:15 pm with a 9:30 pm last call and a 10 pm closing. My husband said to go for it so we did.We're still not very familiar with the area so I looked up parking ahead of time. We knew that from before, it's mostly parallel parking with heavy pedestrian traffic. My husband would rather pay to park in a lot and be done with it than search for cheaper street parking. The closest lot I found was on 136-18 41st Ave.This location is located on the second floor; I didn't see any elevators. You come to an initial landing where the hostess' podium and restrooms are. Then up another flight of stairs to where the bar and main dining areas are situated. The hostesses offered for us to sit at the bar while we waited since we arrived early. The lychee-tini, mango lemonade, and Asahi were on point. You could order food at the bar as well but we opted out.Service everywhere was great, including from our server Chris. He knew the menu well, which is great when you have a particular husband and a kid with tons of food allergies. We requested plain chicken for my daughter and when it came out sprinkled with sesame seeds (she's allergic), they were quick to apologize and fix it right away. We initially ordered the mixed veggies for our daughter assuming they'd be plain, but they'd all been marinated in shoyu (she has a wheat allergy as well) so we just ate them ourselves. Pretty much all of the meat is marinated so if you have a wheat allergy, I'd say you'll probably have a bland time. We also ordered the French fries. Husband wasn't a fan of the dipping sauce it came with. I liked it - reminded me a little of kewpie mayo. The bowls of plain rice were more generous than I thought. One would've been enough to split between me and our kid. We got our first order of food around 9:37 pm so I was worried about missing last call already, but Chris reassured us that it wouldn't be a problem ordering more food again soon. My daughter has a beef allergy as well (I know, I know - eating out with us is so fun). We try to stay away from places where you grill your own meat because ventilation is poor sometimes and her eczema flares up; however, we had absolutely no problems at this particular Gyu-Kaku. Her skin didn't get worse, everything had been wiped down clean, and us parents enjoyed a nice dinner.My husband's only gripe is that he can probably devour a whole cow by himself so the cost to serving size ratio hurts his feelings. He ordered a beef sukiyaki bibimbap to fill himself up. We downloaded the Gyu-Kaku app for rewards points because we'll definitely be back.
I felt welcomed by their service. The waiters came to check on us pretty often, explained the menu clearly and honestly. We ordered Kobe beef, beef tongues, multiple veggies, chicken, steak, etc. we also had rice and noodles for carbs. The food was very tender and juicy, and it tasted fresh. After the meal the manager showed up and greeted us. As customers, you will feel very valued there. Thanks for the great service!
Came here last night with a reservation for 2 at 7:30pm. Since Gyu-Kaku just opened, it was very busy. Definitely make a reservation! Once I checked in at the landing area, I was told that the table was finishing up and there was a little wait. I told them no worries, and my heavily pregnant friend sat down on the bench while we waited. Shortly after, another hostess came over and ask my friend if we wanted to wait upstairs instead since it was cooler and she didn't want my friend to get jostled by the people waiting. Once upstairs near the bar area, we were offered waters as we waited for our table to open up. We ordered a la carte instead of the combo deals because we wanted different things. Below is a run down of our order. - Lychee lemonade - i'd pass, didn't taste like lychee at all, more like watered down lemonade. - Virgin lychee bellini - my friend said it just tasted like Sprite.- Virgin mango mai tai - No mango taste. - French fries with cod caviar sauce - fries were hot and crispy. We weren't big fans of the sauce, and they don't have ketchup - only hot sauce. - Pork sausage fried rice - a Japanese take on dolsot bimbimbap? Portion was generous, watch out though, we didn't realized but this is a spicy dish. - Kobe style kalbi short rib - good, but our portion seemed a bit cartilage-y, like it was tougher than usual. - Harami miso skirt steak - good flavor, we would get again. - Kalbi short rib (regular) - we had this after the kobe style so we didn't think it was as good. Good if you don't want to pay double the price for Kobe style. - Japanese pork sausage - just okay, we were expecting it to be more like the ones from the skewers cart, but it was leaner and saltier. Comes with a side of mustard for dipping. -Miso cod fish - delicious, but i accidentally cooked it too long. Comes with a mushroom in it too.- Corn - the garlic-y butter sauce is so good! We kept dipping our fries in the sauce afterwards. It comes in tin ramekins and you cook it by putting it on the grill until the butter starts to bubble. The corn is more like Korean corn, which is chewier than american sweet corn.- Garlic button mushrooms - good, pretty generic. The mushrooms are salt and peppered before wrapped in foil. For the cons, the day we went, we were seated next to a big family with two VERY loud kids who kept screaming, yelling, and playing for much of our meal. We couldn't really hear ourselves talk because the kids were so loud and out of control. Sad part is the adults didn't do anything to calm them down. Our waitress was also super nice, but a little forgetful,which we understand because it was a full house. We had to hunt down a couple of servers for waters which didn't come until halfway through the meal and they forgot to give us bowls for the rice. Overall, it was a good experience and I would go back again. Only wish that they had the happy hour specials that their Manhattan locations have.
Got a seat for two on a crowded Saturday night after a long wait (~40min) and a decent mai-tai from the bar. We ordered two specials, the miso in love and the shrimp and mushroom, as well as some galbi. The shrimp and mushroom came on a small pan that you put on the grill, and it tasted great, with an Italian style due to the olive oil and pesto. The miso in love had 3 different meats, of which the thinner one was the best. The rest of the meat was okay, but the marinade didn't really sink in as much because the meats were thicker. Service was great though, and they would switch off the grill grate almost every time we cooked a set of meats. Would definitely go back again at a less crowded time, but only for the thinner meats/specials.
Shoutout to Charles, Ian, Phyllis, and Waan for making this a great night!Recommendations: Fries w/ Cod Caviar, Garlic Shrimp, Garlic Noodles, Ribeye, and Yaki-shabu Beef. Like their page on Facebook for free edamame!Disclaimer: I'm still coming down from the high of knowing this is finally open, so please excuse the over-the-top excitement & super long review. I called on a whim to check if they were open and huzzah! Opening for 4 for 8pm on the same day. A miracle (especially when I walked in and realized just how long the wait was for walk-ins).I am so, so thrilled that Gyukaku Flushing has finally opened. I'm a regular at Gyukaku Cooper Square (so much so that the bartenders recognize me, oh dear), and now that I've moved away from the city, Gyukaku tops the list of things I miss about living in East Village. I'll start with the bad: I'm going to chalk this up to the soft opening struggles, but portions were markedly smaller for the prepared/ cooked food (appetizers and noodles). This was very noticeable in the Garlic Noodles, Spicy Tuna Volcano, and Fries w/ Cod Caviar. The noodles and fries were fully half of the portion I'm used to, and the volcano was missing about half the usual amount of spicy tuna. That said, it IS their soft opening, and they were super, super crowded. If they were a little short on ingredients I can understand. Same goes for the time it took to bring out the food. Did I mention they were REALLY crowded?Now for the good: the food! Everything was delicious, despite the smaller portions for prepared/cooked food. The rice in the volcano was crispy and perfectly cooked, and the meats were well marinated and seasoned. The managers Charles and Ian were running around like chickens with their heads cut off, but they still found time to check in and make sure I knew to let them know once my full party arrived. Phyllis, you make a mean Villagers Iced Tea! Waan, our server, was very sweet and changed our grill often. All in all, I had a great time! My recommendations are above, and I look forward to coming back. (:
Very excited for this place because it's close to home. This place is amazing! We ordered Meat Lovers for 6 people. It was more than enough. Their fried calamari is better than other places I've tried because it's easy to chew. Unlike kbbq, you cook the meat yourself. They have a grill guide to show you how many mins you should cook it. Their meat & shrimp are super fresh and delicious. They have a very friendly staff & made sure to change your grill whenever necessary. Their combos usually comes with s'mores but you should also try their desserts. Out of their desserts, their mochi is the best. It comes with Thai tea, strawberry, vanilla & matcha flavor. Their lava ice cream and fried banana ice cream were also good too. The fried banana ice cream was very crispy. Will def come back!
Amazing! Everything from the food, drinks, atmosphere, to the hospitality is amazing. A friend introduced me a few months ago and I'm starting to feel like a regular.  I visit during their late happy hour after 9pm where some food items are discounted and all drinks -cocktails, beer, wine, hard liquor, sake, etc- are half off. I sometimes call for a reservation but never end up needing one, the longest wait has been maybe 15 minutes. Ironically, I don't eat red meat but there are great poultry, seafood, vegetable, and appetizer alternatives. There hasn't been one thing on the menu, BBQ item or "Ready To Eat" that I haven't found delicious. They're very meticulous in changing the grill and making sure the fire is low or off when not being used.The music is trendy and on point and the cocktails have a good ratio of alcohol. Speaking of which I actually sent the Forbidden Punch back for being too sweet. I rarely send items back and dread the explanation part but the manager was extremely understanding. He apologized and without hesitation asked what I'd like in its place; I was stunned. So here are my recommendations and tips for an even better time at Gyu. Happy hour is all day at the bar, that includes the bar menu for food and you can order dessert here (not the s'mores). The Shrimp Garlic is a bestseller for a reason and you can't go wrong with it. The Spicy Tuna Volcano is great and so is the Chicken Garlic Noodles. My go-to drink is the Mango Mai-Tai. Download their app, rack up points and claim free food, an incentive that made me come back more often than I thought I would.
First of all service here is not only amazing, its very quick. Our server Eric didnt feel like a server the whole time, he felt like a friend thats how great he was. Quality of food is excellent and its hard to find a meat that was below delicious. Definitely coming back seeing how great the experience was.
Love love love this place. The cuts if the meat are so good, quality meat. Both times I've gone, I've been seated at the front but it looks huge and has many seatings. This place is fun for groups or a nice date. Also download their app and get in on their point redemption system. You can get free items or dessert!
My boyfriend and I were recommended to try this place and loved it. We sat by the bar with the nicest bartender, Philys. She was so helpful and entertaining. We took advantage of the bar special with two appetizers and a Sapporo beer dinner we were in a rush to finish our shopping trip . We are making plans to return and trying out the BBQ selection . For appetizer we recommend the dumplings, calamari and the salmon volcano.
They do not honor reservations, food is good but not 30 minutes over on top of a reservation. Just get rid of reservations if it cannot be fulfilled.
Happy hour with Phyllis is awesome.  Great sweet bartender who looks you out even moments after last call. Lost of fun best calamari.
After coming here for the first time tonight I must say.. Out of all the NYC locations (except for white plains which I just found about lol) this is my favorite location so far! (sorry midtown). The servers were all super nice especially Koyo (sorry if I butchered your name). Everybody was on point with clearing of the tables, taking orders, explaining how to cook the food and just great customer service. Also loved the ambiance, the music was great usually they play elevator music in other gyukakus with the exception of the times Square location that is too loud for my taste. The bartenders did a great job because I've been drinking gyukaku lychee-tinis for YEARS (see my prior yelp reviews) and this lychee-tini was the best one I've tasted yet! It was PERFECT. Eric was great too! Very friendly! The manager at one point came and poured us water which I thought was great, it shows its a team effort. I also loved that they had the all you can eat option. I hope that sticks around. I will DEFINITELY come back here and recommend this location. So happy I now have one close to home and I don't have to travel to the city. I had a great night!
Location - 3/5 The entrance wasn't exactly easy to find and there are stairs when you walk in. The place in general was pretty small and dim. Food - 4/5 We went during happy hour but too be frank the pricing isn't that much different if you don't go during that time. It's maybe 2-3 dollars more... Because it is a DIY grill the quality of the food is moreover in your control. For the most part the quality in the food was great, but for a 2 person serving it didn't really get us full. Service 3/5 - Everyone was very polite and explained how long to cook everything. However I wished they came in to check in on us more frequently and offered us water from the beginning or refilled our drinks when it was running low. If you live nearby and crave BBQ you could come here. But parking is still as difficult to find in other locations and expect to order more even with the combos.
Had so much fun here, our server Danny was very nice and informative, everyone was friendly and attentive never had an issue getting a waiter over for anything. Food was good with the exception of one meat we ordered that was very chewy. (Don't remember the name). Over all everything was great! Would return. Also it's in a very convenient location.
Came to this location for the first time. I usually go to midtown. Let me tell you... I've been missing out! This location is way better, the staff is amazing! Everyone is so friendly and helpful. The restaurant is so clean. The manager Denise is beyond nice. They welcome you when you come in and everyone says have a nice day when you leave. The food is amazing and they have a all you can eat option for $35 a person!! Can't get any better than that. Love love love. Must go back.
It's been a long time since I've had service as good as we had at Gyu-Kaku. Rating is attributed mostly to that, though food was very good. Overall: We came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, on a Tuesday night around 5:00 p.m., were sat right away and seated in a nice cozy booth meant for four. We've been to a table grill restaurant before in Flushing, but this was by far the most clean and upscale we've found to date. The booths are spacious and situated with ample space from other booths, so for a New York location, it feels almost luxurious. We ordered right away and for those that order the all-you-can-eat menu there is **one very important point to consider: You will be charged EXTRA if you DON'T finish all the food you order.** This was a bit confusing for us in the beginning as we thought when our server Amy explained the guidelines, we thought she was giving us the normal all-you-can-eat spiel (you can't take home what you don't eat), but we somehow missed the point that you will be charged for food you order, but don't eat. Jackie, our server who took over, explained this to us when we had several slices of meat still left to be grilled when we asked for our check. So, just be advised, if you order all-you-can-eat, you will be charged for the food you order, but don't cook -- so make sure you gauge your hunger before you order that last round of food. The caveat to this is you won't be charged for the cooked food you might leave on your plate. This is all to discourage food waste for very nice cuts of meat, among other reasons. (All these details are printed on the menu in small print on the page preceding the all-you-can-eat choices.)Food: We ordered the Ultimate all-you-can-eat menu and weren't disappointed. For our appetizer we ordered the spicy tuna volcano -- not bad, the tuna could have used a bit more seasoning (it was kind of bland), but overall it was good. We also ordered the Japanese fried chicken, perhaps a bit too dry for us, but the dipping sauce made up for it, and the steamed chili shrimp dumplings, which were good standard dumplings. For the main course our favorites were the filet mignon ponzu, bistro hangar steak miso, New York strip steak, Harami miso skirt steak and Angus beef rips sweet soy. We also got the pork belly, both to grill (pork belly white soy) and over rice (chashu bowl), neither of which were particularly noteworthy. I also feel like the sauce choices on the table were good: ponzu, soy and spicy/sweet, but that there is the possibility for a more delectable, perhaps house-made dipping sauce that could be added. Something savory like a combo made from soy, sesame oil, vinegar, garlic and ginger that would be easy to make in the kitchen would be a great addition. Service: Service here hands down was absolutely review-worthy. Jackie, our server for the majority of the evening was everything you would want in someone helping you enjoy your dining experience. For starters, he was incredibly attentive. One of the things I like is when a server squats down when talking to a table so that they inhabit the same seating level as their guests -- and when Jackie made that small gesture, it was just one small thing among many he did that showed his care and interest in making sure we got the best service. He always made sure to change our grill top after each round of cooking. He had recommendations to offer, was always good about instructing us cooking times and meat placement on the grill, and never let our drinks completely finish before asking if we needed a refill. One of the sweetest gestures -- and the mark of really skilled server -- was when he read my mind. I casually brought up it was my boyfriend's birthday, but I never asked for a dessert or for any special recognition. Right before our check came out, a group of the serving team, lead by Jackie, came out with ice cream topped with a candle singing happy birthday Gyu-Kaku style. It was such a charming thing to do, and really won us over. Denis, the manager even managed to stop by during the course of our meal to ask us about our dinner and somehow seemed to sense we were first-timers and made us feel incredibly welcome and like our presence there was genuinely appreciated. All in all, we will definitely be back -- their app and customer loyalty system definitely capitalizes on the feel-good experience the restaurant provides -- and when a free appetizer is offered, there's little reason NOT to come back!
The food was excellent and the drinks were so, so good... but the customer service was even better. A friend and I went here for dinner Saturday night. It was freezing outside, so her battery died. We sat in her car for over an hour trying to reach AAA and even trying to get help from people nearby. No one cared. I went back inside the restaurant and spoke to Dennis Wu (an employee). Dennis managed to contact another employee, Jackie Chen, to leave his apartment and help jump start our car.Neither of them didn't have to help, yet they did. People like them often restore my faith in NYC.So if you're in the area, Gyu-Kaku is the place to go.
Two busy eating to take photos - we did not have a reservation and was super sad when we were told we won't be able to be accommodated tonight. We saw a lot of walk in costumers being turn away. Luckily someone called to cancel and we were able to be seated and serve!! We ordered a dinner set for 6 adults for three ladies and were so full afterwards everyone ended up walking home. The waiters were extremely nice and attentive. The food is great, expect the fried chicken is too salty for my taste. I can understand since it's their first month of operation. The waiter was extremely professional and told us they would work on the chicken. Happy costumers, glad we made the trip to flushing for gyu kaku!
VERRRY GOOD, they shout whenever new guests arrive or when the guests are done dining, almost like the ramen restaurant Ipuddo. Makes the whole experience feel more exciting and alive. The food was pretty good, especially the combo bbq package. It really fills you up since there are a variety of appetizers, entrees and dessert. 11/10 would go for round two
The food here is extremely delicious.  The volcano appetizers are amazing, not fishy at all. The meat is perfectly seasoned and the bonus is that you get to grill it as much or as as little as you desire.  The rice with the egg is my favorite, ask for them to let the rice sit in the bowl for a bit- it's makes the rice a little crunchy in certain spots and gives it added flavor and texture. An added bonus- the waiters and waitresses are very attentive!
This is my first time going to Gyu-Kaku in Flushing I had a terrific time. I've been to a few other locations and they live up to the standard the others have in terms of quality of food and service. We made reservations and were seated promptly the server was quick and efficient. After the great food the manager checked on us which was greatly appreciated. I also work in restaurants so I have to give credit where it is due they have a very friendly staff. Thanks will definitely be back!
Great stuff and the happy hour is very well priced. Hard to park but once that's all set, you are golden. Food was great. Happy hour special for the meat was great!Wait staff was phenomenal.
Truly appreciate the atmosphere of this restaurant though I ain't a BBQ lover at all. I never expect the pork belly and steak burnt like the dry jerky then I paid around 40 bucks to leave.
This is most definitely one of my favorite bbq places! We did the premium all you can eat for 45 each. Definitely worth. All the meats were quality and tasted amazing. Service was 110%, our waiter Eric took care of us so well! Would definitely come back again.
All meats are great. Ordered bestseller 1 and 2, beef tongue with scallion souce, and lamb chops. lamb chops lacks flavor but still very tender. spicy ramen is better than expected.bibimbap rice was good, I wish there's some vegetables. And the rice crust was bit too hard to chew.Most importantly, the service at this new location in Flushing is very nice. The waiter took time to explain the menu, how to cook the meat, busy but continued to check on us, and made very knowledgeable recommendations. The manager Dennis also check on all the guests.We are a party of 2, no reservation at 7pm on Wednesday. Waited about 5 minutes before seated.overall, very nice experience and would definitely come back more.
I'm not 100% sure if it's because they just opened and the staff is fresh, but I'm usually a loyal Cooper Square guest where everyone knows my name and who always have my hot sake and mug of Sapporo ready for me. The staff here at Flushing is quite attentive, the space is much smaller than the NYC locations and its located on a second floor. Try to make a reservation ahead of time on busier days like the weekends and if you're driving, make sure to give yourself enough time in advance because parking in this area is still a real pain in the ass. The menus are pretty much the same in all locations, I noticed that they stopped serving corn cobs with the veggies, and now serve what looks like canned corn in an aluminum tin, definitely not happy with this change. I'll always be a fan of this establishment. Always a good time.
Never went here but i heard it was popin. Also a little expensive so i went to sleep and dreamt about eating here. The meat was fantastic. Cant complain
I've been here for a couple times already, both for happy hour. So glad that they opened up in flushing, saved my commute to Manhattan when I'm craved for gyu kaku. My favorite sauce is the sweet sauce, although most of the meat taste great without any additional sauce. But I'm so disappointed with my second visit. We had ordered 7 meats. First they brought 5 meats only then we told the server. He then bryout the other 2 meats. When we asked for the check, we were charged for 8 meats.
service 5/5 , food taste 4/5 but very small portions. it was a Friday when we went, we called to find out if there are seats because someone told me they have a long waiting if you don't reserve seats. and they told us there are seats but next booking comes in 1.5 hrs so we took the seats because we never eat that long anyways. food came fast, taste was alright nothing outstanding. the meat portions are very small, or very thin. we ordered 3 difference meat orders and some snacks and a rice and one drink each came out about $180 for 4 people not incl. tips. so its about $50 / head . for big guys.... you might need to order more .
Garlic noodles are amazing! Great staff and comfy atmosphere! Meat was delicious and their special sauce went well with everything!
This spot is simply amazing for anyone with a hungry appetite and in a search for good food. Their deal for unlimited korean bbq and hot pot is certainly a bargain. Combined great quality ingredients, a price that didn't break the bank, and a stop button controlled only by your appetite, which are definitely ingredients to a great meal! The only thing I wish were a little better is the service. While the spot is quite large, they seem to have a waiting staff stretched kind of thin, and sometimes it was hard to get service. This wasn't a big deal and overall i would definitely recommend this spot!
Came here with 5 friends and ordered the meat lover combo. It was very filling and had a variety of flavorful meat worthy to try. The process is essentially cooking the meat on our own. There were also various appetizers such as fried pork belly and spicy tuna volcano. The starters were miso soup and salad, both very good as well, a nice way to start a filling meal. The service was good, all the waiters were friendly and easy to talk to. They made jokes and were attentive. Our server Eric was especially open to us and welcoming. His service was great, made us feel very comfortable. Jokes around with us and made the experience were fun and memorable. This was my second time here and my second experience here was a lot better than the the first namely because our server was great. The environment was very welcoming, especially with their opening welcome said in Japanese. For dessert they had s'mores that we grilled ourselves. Overall, this restaurant was great, would definitely come back.
I never thought paying to cook my own meals would be so good but the food was great and the service was even better.  Eric was very patient with this first timer and also very helpful in providing instruction.  Will definitely come back
The wait staff was very patient, friendly and helpful. While I admit our group was more than a bit loud and maybe a bit needy (all you can eat!..and we ate a lot...of everything...all in 90 minutes), our servers were unflappably good humored and attentive. There's a large array of apps, proteins and sides to try. Eventually went into a meat coma but we enjoyed ourselves immensely. There were just a few food items (intestine - too chewy and spicy pork-too spicy) that we tried that we didn't like but we enjoyed pretty much everything else.
One of the best BBQ places in this area. Ingredients are freshly prepared. Awesome customer service! Great foood! And they sell Lady M!! LIT!!! Love this place!
I come here before and not too busy time.  I took my son and daughter with my brother family for a total of 7 people.  Price is ok but the good service and food are excellent.  We had the tofu dead food soup and beef think slices.  The staff is very attentive with smiles.  I recommend the place highly.
Really great staff here. We had about 5 different attendants and every one of them were so friendly, courteous, and professional. Food was delicious and came out quickly. We were recommended to this place by my brother. Can't wait to tell my friends about this place!
Nice interior design and friendly staff. Awesome place for family/friend gathering. Recommend "meat lovers" to big group. Decent starters, great BBQ meat, fresh seafood. S'more and Mochi ice cream are a must. Will go again on birthday
Been here before when they opened. Good food but small place. This time we had an online reservation but they didn't honor the time slot. Made a 7:45PM reservation and made us wait over 40 mins. We had to leave. People kept going before us. If you planning on going make sure to go super early and with a small party.
Tim was our server for our family on CNY. He was really polite and professional throughout the hectic holiday, he kept his composure and apologized for delays and system screw ups. Regardless of the issues they were having, I felt that he handled everything really well. Lovely experience and delicious food! Will be coming back :)
Phyllis and Sammy are the two greatest servers ever. Shoutout for always refilling my water and pulling through with the hand wipes. You come for the great food and you get hooked on the amazing service. Genuinely really attentive and always making sure you're having a good time, and just really sweet people in general!! wahoo!!
Amazing!!! All the meats are tender and delicious! Love the basil lamb chops and garlic shrimp. The addicting cabbage and cucumber are very addicting! It's one of very few restaurants in flushing with the cocktail drinks, Love the Co Co Mo! The sake is really good too. The servers all super friendly! A great place to hang out, will definitely be back again!
Got the opportunity to be one of the first to try this new BBQ hangout in flushing during the soft opening.  Quality meat selection and cook it yourself at your own pace.  Every bite is hot off the grill the way it should be.  I'll be coming back when they open officially; be sure to try the garlic shrimp and the kalbi.
used to be a regular at the cooper sq location many years ago. the flavor just didn't do it for me at this location. also saw many sugary items on their limited menu... kind of a turn off. nothing really jumped out at me in a good way. food: 5/10atmosphere: 7/10 (nice place for group gatherings)price: 5/10service: 8/10 (very good staff)
This is probably one of the best delicious barbecue In flushing !!! The staffs are super super helpful and friendly. We went with an elderly in wheelchair and the hostess helped us from selecting the best accessible table, arranging the seating area and even helping us getting the wheelchair up the staircase. Hats off to their services !!! The food is very much like the one in the city ! Very valuable and stuffing. Def recommend here for bday party and social gatherings. Remember to use its app for collecting points and redeem rewards !!! Will def come again !
It was my first time I visited this place today with my friend and I was beyond my expectation. Main street flushing? People who live around this area or have been to this are know very well that this is not a go to place when it comes to finding a place to shop or eat. So crowded and dirty but this place has changed and I think Gyu Kaku Japanese Bbq definitely brings this area to a different level and helped to become a better place. We entered the place and the host guided us through the aisle and seated us. Alan was our server and he did an incredible job in guiding us through the menus and "how to cook." He was attentive and kind in everything that when I needed something he would get them to me on time. After the meal, he got our check and the manager came up to our table with a big smile asking us how was the meal. We told her we loved it and I could already tell that she is very professional. Her voice, gesture and eye contact definitely tells me that she is experienced plus all the servers were really nice and well trained. As soon as I got off this place, I told my friends to come with me to this place again next week. Keep the good work guys! It's really challenging to work at a restaurant without losing smile and that energy you guys showed me and my friends. Keep up the good work! I'll be back again :)
Terrible hostess, makes a party of 2 wait for no reason and seats 2 other groups that came after
Came here during happy hour during a Saturday night and waited around 30 minutes to be seated for a table of 2.Our server as very attentive despite it being very busy; he shared his thoughts on what he liked and introduced us to new menu items that weren't on the menu yet. Waters were refilled automatically, grills changed frequently, and we received our food pretty fast. We ordered the happy hour set and I liked most of the food! Starters: I enjoyed the Soup, Salad, and Bibimbap. The dumplings were good but weren't as spicy as I thought they would be. BBQ Items: Most of the items were delicious! But wasn't a fan of the spinach and Chicken Thighs. Dessert: S'mores, I can't say much since I'm not a fan of s'mores. I was expecting small portions but I was full by the end of the meal. But if you're a bigger eater, I would suggest ordering more.
First time going with my dad and it was great! Food was good, staff was nice and reasonable prices. I recommend come during happy hour too! Stuff is cheaper and they have really good lunch specials! If you're in flushing definitely check it out!!
I came here for lunch on a Monday. It wasn't packed but it was still pretty busy. The food was delicious and our waitress, Phyllis, informed us of the cooking time for the meat. She was very helpful and friendly. What I liked best about this meal was her hospitality. It was a very memorable lunch and I would definitely come back and have Phyllis as my waitress. Even if there is a wait, I'll still come back.
If you are here for the drink, make sure sit in the bar , cuz is half price all day , but there is no sign !! Be aware . Other then that , after 9:30 is happy hour for food and drinks
Really good service and high quality food. My only gripe would be the price- slightly high but still reasonable.
First time at Gyu Kaku and won't be the last! The service was excellent - they hired attentive and super friendly staff who really set the mood. Our waiter was helpful with recommendations and we wound up choosing a set so we could try a variety of items. I can't keep track of what's what but the beef items were ridiculously delicious. My husband was incredibly stuffed and would still put down pieces (not his usual style at all, but he couldn't stop himself). I have to remember next time to get all/more beef than chicken or pork, try the calamari, and get the bibimbop again.
The new location seems smaller than the other locations but it still doesn't take away from how great it is in general. The service is excellent and everyone is so polite and helpful. The manager came over to make sure everything was fine and I thought that was great. Our server was very attentive. We went out for my son's birthday and they sang to him and had a small happy birthday banner with a hat and a ice cream treat. He loved it. We will definitely be coming back here again since they're so attentive. We didn't have a reservation but we didn't wait more than 15 minutes when they originally gave us a 45 minute estimate. Definitely recommend!
Came her for a post birthday dinner with my brother and boyfriend. This place is located in the heart of Flushing, where the roads and street are packed with people and cars and buses. We missed our reservation by 30 min due to issues finding parking (the only downfall...but its not the restaurants fault). We were told the wait time would about 30-45 min but were allowed to wait in the bar area until our table was ready. Our wait time was still really short, by the time we ordered and received our drinks our tables were ready (we maybe waited about 15 min on a busy night). The entire staff were extremely nice and accommodating! We ordered mostly various kinds of steak, chicken, shrimp and assorted veggies. Our favorite was the hangar steaks. Deliciously marinated! Our drinks were yummy as well. I would definitely come back here as everyone is welcoming and friendly
If you are into BBQ and Asian food, this should be your favorite spot. How can you NOT love this place? You get to cook! :) So much fun with your friends and family. I came here during its soft opening, and oh man, this place so elegantly decorated. The wonderful looking Japanese-style partition walls provide you privacy and allow you to have a great conversation while cooking your own food. The food is tasty, the Kobe meat is my favorite, and it tastes so good after only 30 seconds cooking each side. It also has a good selection of drinks as well as deserts. Did I mention desert? The love cake I had is probably the best I ever tried.On top of the good environment and tasty food, the service was excellent as well. The servers were super friendly and actually kneel or squat at your eye-level to speak to you. Definitely get 5 stars from me & I'm sure this will be my regular spot from now on. :)
"This place is amazing. I came here for over the weekend. The staff was friendly, the meat quality was excellent and our server was phenomenal. We had kalbi special and I must say it is better than most, if not all Korean BBQ restaurants I've been to. For the side dishes I would highly recommend Steamed Chili Dumplings and Beef Sukiyaki Bibimbap. Overall we had an amazing experience and we will definitely be back soon."
As this is a new place, everything looks neat and clean. The space at this location is not as spacious as the other guy kaku in New York, as this place used to be a small karaoke place located at the busiest street in flushing main street. Their friendly staff and happy hour are competitively priced for most of the items, beating the other bbq places in the area. Which makes it ideal for a quick bite for lunch and won't break the bank even if you go here often. The difference between this Gyu-Kaku is that, they have less item on their menu compared to the other location in Manhattan. Depending on the time and day you are looling to go, reservation are recommended if you are going with a big party, as this place gets filled up quick. Overall this place has a nice vibe, friendly staff, and a great addition of a bbq place for those that is in the area. Looking forward to going back here again. No need to travel to manhattan if you're in the area.
Went for the happy hour special. First half was great with all the beef and fried bacon. Wasn't all that impressed with the pork belly and chicken, but it was ok. Wish the staff would calm down a bit though with the japanese intro and exit shouting. I've been to other japanese restaurants that do this like Ippudo, but they don't do it quite as annoyingly. The practically scream on top of their lungs to the point that they are probably losing their voice. Other than, our waitress was friendly and the service was good. Would come back, with ear plugs.
I've always been a huge Korean BBQ fan but have never tried Japanese BBQ so when I was told this new place opened up in Flushing, I took my colleague there after work. When we entered the restaurant, we were greeted loudly. We sat in a very spacious booth seat. We ordered the Gyu-Kaku combo for 2 people after seeing so many good reviews about it. It was only $60 and it was a great value! Neither of us had much to eat throughout the day and we still left the place stuffed. The combo gives you 4 appetizers and 6 different meats (all beef but each are marinated differently!) and smores. Our waiter Jeremy was well-groomed, mannered, and super attentive. He took initiative to come change our grills out every time before we cook something new. The drinks were made okay. I had the Tokyo Sunset and my colleague ordered the Mango Mai Tai. Mine tastes like straight up artificial fruit juice but it was still pretty decent. The Mai Tai tasted slightly better. Drinks are all based on preference though. The bathrooms were very clean and orderly too. Overall I had a really good first impression of the restaurant. Definitely would recommend!!
This has been one of the best experiences at a restaurant. I took my brothers here with my fiancé and they loved it. It was there first time and they want to come back. Everything was delicious. The waiters were perfect. Chris is one if he best servers I've ever encountered. And the birthday surprise was amazing! Keep it up
My experience today is not good at all. I can understand you reduce the amount of each dish, but how can you make a barbecue beef so tiny like chopped beef. It's like leftover beef.
Extremely good service.!!!! This place is a must try. The meat is well seasoned and taste really good. We order the kobe for 2 and everything came on time. The service was the best they were all very attentive and changed our grilling pan thing many times. They also refilled our waters and checked up on us a few times to see if we were good. The manager even came at one point to ask about our experience. There was also s'mores in the end. This is a must go to place everything is clean and service is awesome. I will definitely go back
Our waiter Eric was very attentive to our needs. He always came to change our grill constantly without us having to ask. This isnt the first time I've been to gyukakku, but I can definitely say the flushing branch is the best experience I've  had by far. I will definitely come again and try their other menu items!
I've been to Gyu-Kaku many times in midtown with reservations. I made one for this Flushing location for dinner and was quoted a 5 Minute our table to be ready and that we were next. 30 minutes pass and we spoke to the hostess, seems like they forgot about us. Needless to say we did not give them out business.
Great Japanese BBQ restaurant. Very nice atmosphere although very expensive. Must try the $55 Wagyu steak.
Good managers there especially Dennis(or Daniel?). Any not so good service or food there, talked to the managers and they got fixed immediately.Flavors are good and atmosphere is good too.
I found this restaurant by chance and am very glad I did.  The food was delicious as was dessert (the lava cake is to die for).  The service was great.  The manager came over to chat and ask if everything was ok.  Happy hour prices all day until 6 and lunch specials until 3.  Our  server, Sammy, was very helpful and great.  Very attentive wait staff.  Really enjoyed the experience!
I come here all the time and every time the service is great ( Alan and Eric are extremely helpful ), the food is fantastic , and the atmosphere is fun!
Overall is ok. The service was good, however, I felt the food is slightly better in an other gyukaku store in midtown.
I typically don't write reviews unless it's a bad one to warn people away from something but for Gyu-Kaku, I had to give them a good review. The staff is so on point from the time you walk in the door, straight through to the end. Wait staff knew the menu well, checked on us constantly and were almost too friendly. The manager stopped by twice to make sure everything was ok and even remembered our names when he came back the second time around even with a packed restaurant. The food was amazing!! We had the premium for 2 BBQ and each item was better than the last. Huge amount of food for only $35 each. The wait staff explained each item and how to cook it. Also helped that happy hour starts at 9pm for heavily discounted drinks. Every bit of it was enjoyable and I will most definitely recommend and will be back.
We've been here several times! Food is great! We always have a pleasant time. We fight over the radishes!!! LoL Pork belly is delish! And I love the sauces!! If you've never gone.....you better get going!!!! Parking lot is huge. I believe valet. Enjoy!
Amazing service by Jennifer and her coworkers. Food was excellent and instructions for cooking food are simple and easy to follow. The appetizers, main course and desserts were fantastic.
Love Guy-Kaku!! This location is new, but just as awesome. You can not beat their happy hour. Me and my friend had a bottle of sake and two cocktails for $19.60! Also, the rewards points are cool. After 500 points you get $25 off your entire bill! That doesn't seem like much but considering their amazing happy hour, it could cover an entire bill. This location is not as packed as the other locations, but I'm sure it's only a matter of time before the buzz gets out!
As a frequent customer to the Guy-Kaku chain, I am no stranger to the food and the Flushing outpost is no different in terms of food. However what makes them stand out is the service.  I visited for the first time and I must say I was floored by their outstanding service. Everyone was beyond friendly. Our server was Sammy and she was beyond courteous, Attentive and friendly. We are foodies and in all the restaurants we've ever visited from hole in the walk to 5-star locales, never have I come across anyone like her. She has offered us refills on waters, and helped us changed our grills more than enough times. She strike conversations with our son and mind you it was during busy dinner hour. We even over heard her offer help to the bus boy and said thanks to him several times. What a great person she is?!
had a great time, staffs are very attentive, the food are very tasty and marinate on point. Great interior design, awesome lava cake! The cod is amazing! Over all is great experience, will go back again soon
I love Gyukaku! Price is good, Food's taste is good, Service is good too! After 9pm, happy hour time is great!! Definitely this is geatest place in Flushing!
The manager Denis is the GOAT. Been to every single Gyu in the NYC area, I was even a gold member because I accumulated so many points, but believe me when I say no one hooked me up like this spot! Mentioned how much I liked a certain dressing and he made sure I got a plenty.
The decor is refreshing especially in flushing where everything seems to be fast paced and cramped. I have been to the main location in Manhattan multiple times as it is near my office. It would always be a treat to go to gyu-kaku. When I saw the spot open in Flushing I was eager to try it out. I tried the Kobe style special. First, unlike the Manhattan location they don't substitute items that you maybe allegeric to. Second, the food we ordered was premium but all of the foods taste was anything but premium the meat was flavorless, the rice or bibmbop was bland. Service was fairly attentive, but if you are like me looking for the gyu-kaku from Manhattan reborn in flushing you will fall short. You will find an over priced and signficiantly different restaurant than the one that has a great reputation. Save your wallet and your stomach and go to a Korean BBQ place or the real gyu-kaku in Manhattan where the food is actually fantastic.
Honestly one of the best lunches/meals in recent memory. Food was fantastic, service was fantastic. I will return.
The food is delicious and so are the drinks. Best to go during lunch or evening happy hour.
I love the other locations of Gyu-Kaku so I was very excited to try out this recently opened Queens location.  It was a bit noisy in general due to the music and everyone talking but then that happens to most restaurants.  Our servers Ian and there's another guy name Koyo ( not sure if I spelled correctly) were very attentive, courteous and explained everything perfectly esp Ian.  I love the 45th location and even I don't remember if their service is as good as this place.  Love all the beef items and even the pork belly was good even thou I was never a pork fan.  Had the $55 for 2 during HH and picked 2 more rice dishes and a few more other dishes.  Love the beef sukiyaki bibibap & garlic rice and the calmari as well.  Overall, a great experience and lives up to the Gyu Kaku name.  Keep up the good!!
Came here on Sunday for Happy hour. The food was delicious. We ordered a lot and we were not disappointed. Our waiter provided great service, explained how everything worked since most of us were first timers. We would definitely come back here again!
This is an amazing place!.. Food is to die for.. Calamari cooked to perfection... And Phyllis the bartender is one of the sweetest and helpful waitstaff I've ever encountered. Prices are excellent!
I went here for my sister's birthday and the service was great. Our server was Palm, and he was attentive to our orders. The food was great, although the grill was a bit hotter than the grills at other Gyu-Kaku locations, so we had to make sure that our food didn't burn, even with the recommended cooking times.  After we were done with the appetizers and the meats, Palm and the other staff members came out to sing happy birthday to my sister, at my request. When it was time to pay, there was an error on our check, but Palm quickly corrected it after it was brought to his attention. Overall, we had a great time!
I really enjoyed this place! $5 happy hour, great staff and music. You will definitely enjoy with friends or family! Everyone was friendly and upbeat. Food was delicious as well. The only downside is the location - no parking so you are better off taking the train. I will be returning soon.
