I remember I came here when they first open and I was not a fan at all. I decided to come back last month and give it a try because 1) I wanted ramen and I didn't want to travel all the way to Hashi or have Ajisen 2) and why not give them another chance since they might have improved after a year or so after opening. I'm glad I did give them a second chance. I ended up liking their ramen a lot. I heard that this place aren't legit Japanese ramen and I see why it is not. I also heard that this place is Taiwanese version ramen.Tomato beef ramen 4/5 you can definitely taste the tomato broth. Nice balance between tomato and beef, I like the mix. I like how they have 3-4 pieces of cherry tomato. The egg was perfectly runny and I can taste a little of soy sauce flavor - reminds me of tea eggs.Spicy beef with sour cabbage 4/5 love the herbal taste of the broth. I like how you can definitely taste herbal and with the spicy kick, it made the whole ramen like a dream. The sour cabbage is sour the way I like it. They don't include egg for this ramen - so if you want egg you can add it for 1$ only. Spicy popcorn chicken 3.5/5 I had better somewhere else but it is worth the price for how much you get. Probably not enough spice and the saltiness. The ladies who work here are all friendly and nice. 15$ min for cc.
I'm not quite sure why this place is so well liked.  I ordered the B1 "Sheng Spicy Sauce with Top Blade Slices", which is a dry noodle that seems to be really popular on Yelp.The first thing that I noticed was the portion size.  It seemed like quite a small portion to charge $9.  It was a really simple bowl of ramen noodles with some scallions and bean spouts.  The top blade slices was just that.  A few slices of top blade sirloin, which was sliced thin but somehow continued to be somewhat tough.  And I guess the star was supposed to be the spicy sauce, which was nothing more than a hot chili oil made with Szechuan peppers so it's a tingling heat.The ramen noodles were store-bought egg noodles that you can buy at the market in the refrigerated section.  There was nothing at all special about them.  After mixing everything together, it tasted exactly as you'd expect hot chili oil tossed in ramen noodles would taste.The tea they served complimentary with the meal was pretty good and I think I enjoyed that more than the noodles.Overall, it was definitely not a satisfying meal and it felt like I overpaid for something that I could easily put together at home.Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing and I should go back to try their soup ramens, but I don't think I'll have the desire to give this place another try when there are so many other places in Flushing to try out.
Ok ramen Prices are good You won't go bad for coming here but it doesn't scream I have to come back
I tried this place out a while ago with my sister for lunch and it was just not a good experience overall. Anyways, this is one of those long overdue reviews since I've only recently gotten into writing reviews for places I eat at. To be fair though, I felt the ramen was just ok and if I was basing my review only on the taste of the food then I would be giving this place two or three stars instead. And like I said, it was a while ago so maybe they've even improved on the taste of their ramen since my visit. The reason I had to take stars away is because while we were eating my sister found a strand of steel mesh in her bowl of ramen. It looked like it must have came from one of those steel mesh scrubbers that's used to clean pans and other cookware but regardless, it definitely didn't belong in a bowl of ramen.
Love their new menu item, the spicy beef ribs ramen....its delicious,  and beyond its price, worth every cent.Usually just ordering beef ribs at a restaurant will run you $20 and up for sure.....So paying $15 was a big surprise. It's tender and juicy in the middle and they now provide gloves so you don't make a mess devouring it by hand ;)I also noticed they added two imported Japanese sodas that I didn't see before, so I bought them both to try it out. The soda brand is a well known plum wine brand called Choya. The green can one tasted like peach and plums....It's an acquired taste....Too Asian for me lol...The other one is a unique Mandarin orange flavor...That was a pleasant surprise in its accuracy. But folks...There's only 10% juice and they're both high in sugar..It is soda after all. But I like this one still :)
Sheng Ramen is my second time coming to eat here. First time I came here they didn't have much stuff on the menu but today when I stopped by the menus was updated.Inside is nice and clean.My experience with the food was great & bad at the same time. Today I ordered the fried buns, tonkatsu ramen, jajian mien, veggie dumpling and spring roll.Tonkatsu ramen I felt that the soup was a little salty for me. The pork was round and huge I didn't like it. Jajian mien was not my type of noodles. It has some kind of weird taste which I decided to stay away from it.The veggie dumpling was delicious! It was crispy outside. The dumpling skin was green, I'm not too sure but I think it was kale.The spring roll inside was just mushy. Outside was too greasy. It's self serve no need to tip them.There's water, hot tea and sauces which you will have to grab it on your own.The lady at the counter was nice and other lady who served my food was also nice and smiling so I put $2 tip for her.I will come back next time to try out another stuff from their menu.
If you're looking for a quick noodle fix with not much expectations, then this place might do. This is not your local Ippudo or Ichiran if those are the flavors you're looking for. Ordered the Sheng Ramen and Tonkatsu. Average flavors at best. The noodle texture was ok, but the broth and ingredients are lacking. I still prefer the local restaurants nearby serving beef noodle soup.
The tomato beef ramen is my favorite, I order it every time i am here. The portion is decent with their generous sized bowls. My kids love the tonkotsu ramen soup. We also ordered a variety of their small dishes...the cashier lady has 3 kids of her own so she is sympathetic to my large group and is always helpful and chatty. I think she might be Taiwanese, but I cant be sure. I have to remember to get her name next time!The food here is good, and the food arrives pretty quickly. To the reviewer who said no tipping. Even though tipping is not required because you do order the food and pay at the register, notice there are no garbage cans to dispose and clean up. The staff comes to tender the tables at the end of your meal so it remains clean. Be courteous and tip. Its a small price to keep the spot sooo well kept.
Free green tea and iced water. No tipping because you place your order and then your food comes and you get your own water/green tea. The tonkotsu ramen was pretty good with the marinated egg. I wished I tried the beef ribs ramen but next time! Also got beef strips for an appetizer and that was tasty. The minced pork was a winner - I haven't had minced pork for a while and it was amazing! Super tasty and I could eat that for multiple meals! The cute little old lazy who was serving was super friendly and cheerful. She definitely brightened up the room! She's awesome.
A Taiwanese ramen shop located in flushing. This place is a seat yourself and order at the counter place. The staffs will bring your order to the table you're seated. I came with 2 friends for dinner. They ordered the tonkatsu ramen and the gyu kotsu ramen. I ordered the sheng ramen. Staffs were friendly and service was quick. Foodwise: the sheng ramen was flavorful and the portion was just right!
I'm very pleased with what this place brings to the table, both figuratively and literally.  The menu offers a pleasant variety of Taiwanese side dishes and an interesting arrangement of noodles.  There is plenty to choose from so you certainly won't go through it all after one or even two visits.Much of the accommodations are self-serve almost cafeteria-style; the utensils, tea, and water are gathered by the counter for your own helping and you can seat yourself.  There also isn't a waiter to take your order; the menus are available at the counter but a server may bring them by if she's cleaning up a table.The beef noodle soup that apparently most people look to try didn't appeal as much to me.  The large beef ribs are ok - they've cooked long enough to soak up a soup flavor but they're not super well-done to the extent they fall right off the bone which I would rather.  The soup and noodles are ok too; there isn't anything too special in my opinion since most of the flavor comes from the spicy oil they add to beef broth.  Overall I'd say it's ok and worth a try but I'd probably be more interested in spending on several smaller dishes.The jajiang mien was a little better than the beef noodle soup in my opinion.  If you've had a jajiang mien before you know that nearly every place pretty much puts a variation of the ground meat sauce and that's about it.  Nothing all that different here but it's still good nevertheless.The minced pork on rice which I consider the staple of Taiwanese food is probably the best go-to if you don't know what to get.  It's pork belly and maybe some ground meat cooked together on rice but the flavor is addictive.The one minor thought I had was that this place is kind of tucked away on the first floor of a building I honestly didn't even know existed until I Yelped the two nearby blocks.  And there are even more restaurants in the same hallway that I would have never known were there.  Although it's not the first place you'd find walking down the sidewalk but it is absolutely worth a try.Recommendation: Minced pork on rice
Overall the food was very good and the customer service was on point.  My only complaint would be  that the food is a bit pricey but still you should try.
This place can easily be missed if you're not looking for it, so my advice is to look for it. Sheng Ramen has brought something new to the food mecca that Flushing has been and is, while continuously growing. You can't compare this to your typical Japanese ramen joints because it's something pleasantly different. It's a no frills establishment hidden between some heavy hitter restaurants like Congee Village and Dolar hotpot, but with flavors that can hang with the competition. The menu is simple and straight forward serving up some Taiwanese ramen and small bar snack things like popcorn chicken, which btw is pretty darn good. Now for most ramen places, even pho, it's all about that broth, for me at least. The broths here are amazing. I've come here numerous occasions and the broth is consistent every time, full of that boiled to death bone goodness, it's what keeps me going back. The noodles are nicely al dente, and most of the orders are served with some sliced meats similar to hot pot meats. Overall, this place is good and a easy choice for me when I'm in the area. Although my one negative feedback would be the price as it's a little high for what you get and portions are slightly small for me, but with the direction Flushing has been headed, it's becoming harder and harder to compare to the good ol days of cheap eats in this neighborhood. For some, the price points may not be worth it, but the flavors and taste has made me a fan and I'd definitely be back. Stay fat mother suckers
Had the bone marrow ramen, just ok. Soup is not bad, ramen is just soso. It's bit hidden because it is on the end of Prince st and all the way inside the building. Bit pricy on the ramen.
Sheng Ramen is the guilty perpetrator as to why homegirl can never keep a New Years Resolution. Simply IMMORAL! And let me tell you why. Their Lu Rou Fan (Steamed Rice w/ Meat Sauce) is MIND BLOWING. It's truly reminiscent of my own grandmother's lu rou fan recipe. I don't even mind that it doesn't come with the usual tea egg and yellow pickled radish. The meat sauce itself is enough to keep me going back for seconds and thirds. It just melts in your mouth jeez. I usually order more so I have lunch packed for the next day. While most people go for the soup ramen, I actually prefer the dry ramen. B1. Remember the number. Get It. You will thank me and then you will come back to this review and vote Useful, Cool, & Funny. The Sheng Spicy Sauce w/ Top Blade Slices is my go to every single time. I would stay clear of this if you're not a fan of spicy food. But I LOVE it. After every single bite, I can't help myself but go in for another. It's a party in your mouth type of feeling. Writing this review alone while thinking of my B1 is enough to get my mouth watering. So trust me on this one.AND don't even get me started on the popcorn chicken. It's crunchy, flavorful, and just addicting to eat. Would definitely advise sharing this as an appetizer with your table.  The concept itself makes me feel like I am back in Taiwan. In most Taiwanese restaurants, you usually seat yourself and order at the counter. Every time I visit, the friendly staff greets me warmly. It's nice to feel home-y at this restaurant. As a Taiwanese myself, I'm a hard critic when it comes to authentic Taiwanese food. So hats off to you, Sheng Ramen. You have Vicki Chen's stamp of approval. I GUESS I'll forgive you for always tempting me to break my diet/New Year's Resolution! ;)
I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and it is very flavorful. I love that it is not salty at all because my daughter loves to eat ramen too. Hubby ordered the spicy beef, tasted it too and it's also very flavorful...
I'm so glad this place opened up! It's filling in for the lack of ramen places in queens. The only other ramen place is in bayside which is a little far for me to go to!This place is located inside the plaza/mall that's housing congee village and many other new food places! My friend and I walked in and seated ourselves. We then went up to the cash register to order. I love how relaxed this place is and it's not an actual restaurant experience with waiters and all.  The staff were really friendly! I got the gyu kotsu ramen and my friend got the popcorn chicken and one of the dry ramens. Everything was super yummy! I don't think this place is "authentic" ramen but it's still ramen. The prices are also reasonable.I would deff come back to try their other dishes! $15 CARD MINIMUM!
3.5 starsI did not try their ramen so it's a review on their small dishes.Their prices increased... from .50 to a $1 more which makes a big difference at least for me since I care about value. $5.5 for a tiny portion of takoyaki. These balls are much smaller than the ones I've had in the city or the ones at the Nightmarket. L had one not so fresh piece of octopus but the others were fine. But 5 tiny balls for $5.50 is expensive for Flushing and they were not the best I've had though much better than the ones at the food court!The Taiwanese popcorn chicken was okay. My first time trying Taiwanese food to be honest and I'm not a fan of this appetizer. It really needs a sauce and luckily I brought it home and used a delicious bbq sauce to dip them in. It has an odd seasoning that I'm not familiar with. Also it's definitely not white meat. What was delicious and quite comforting was the rice with meat sauce that is currently $5. Who doesn't love fatty meat in a light savory sauce. I would definitely get this again but I feel like it's kinda expensive for the portion especially when it was simply $4 before. I can make pork belly at home, if I wanted to... almost $18 total for a snack to share instead of having dinner. Kinda overpriced but I will come back and try their noodles. Honestly I was going to give this 3 stars but there's this adorable older lady that works there that is just so kind and helpful.. just like my mom. Definitely have her around customers cuz she gave you this extra star. If I had only ordered the rice dish it definitely would've deserved the 4 stars but the small portions is deterring customers since Flushing is full of cheap eats with generous portions. We did get a free red tea which was delicious and had the perfect amount of sweetness.
Another overdue Yelp review!3.5 starsThe husband and I stumbled upon here for our lunch date after I did some Yelp research for a place to eat in Flushing since we were around the area.This Taiwanese ramen tastes different from the Japanese ramen but in a GOOD WAY!I enjoyed my bowl of mildly spicy ramen. The husband, on the other hand, thought it was good but he expected more. He thought the ramen was only soso. His spicy broth tasted flavorful though.Our appetizers were not bad. We ordered takoyaki and fried squid.They accept credit cards with a $15 minimum.There is a little sauce station that you make your own sauces. They could expand this station though.The restaurant is fairly clean with free wifi I think but we did not get to use it.We were seated and given menus. Then the husband walked up to the front and order.They offer free oolong tea!Sheng Ramen is kinda hidden because it's located inside a building above Congee Village.Kid-friendly with high chair available! Too bad we didn't bring our daughter that day. She loves to eat mein mein heheWe might go back one day if we ever want an inexpensive Taiwanese ramen fix in Flushing.REMINDER: NO TIPS REQUIRED, but the husband still left tips since the server was super nice and friendly to us.
Love the spicy beef ramen it was amazing and the spicy dumplings, I enjoyed every minute of it and my  party of 4 were really pleased.  Staff is welcoming and fun they were really nice and smiling . Can't wait to come back. Very flavorful :-)
It wasn't bad but don't expect RAMEN. This is Chinese noodle soup that imitates Japanese ramen. It should be named sheng noodles instead. Let's get with the breakdown: Place - inside a newer building in flushing where it is cleaner. Once you get to sheng ramen, nothing about the interior was charming to me. Everything was there for you to sit and eat your noodles. Service - can't complain. They work and will bring you anything you need. Food - I ordered the house sheng ramen. It has a light kick of spiciness to it but it was bearable and decent. I wasn't impressed because you can get the same bowl of soup for cheaper elsewhere. The meat it comes with is very light, wish they put more. Everything else seemed to be just dumped in. Taiwanese popcorn chicken - normal. Always a good dish to share. Overall, an average place to me. I might go back if friends drag me. Not a bad place though!
Place is inside the small mall on top of Congee Village.Ordered the Sheng Ramen and cucumber salad in the front register, they give you a number and you choose any seat and wait for them to bring it to you.Sheng Ramen had a good amount of spicy, but not overly spicy to prevent you from enjoying the noodles and the meal.  The beef was thin sliced and was very fresh, clean, and lean.  The pig blood tasted weird, but its not for everyone.  The tofu in the soup reminded me of hotpot, but matched well with the noodles.  The broth was tasty and great, I kept sipping it spoon after spoon, then I had to stop cause I feared it might be too much MSG which will make me thirsty later (I was not thirsty hours after and I'm assuming no msg? so this was good broth!).  Noodles was al dente, make sure to stir it up and let it soak a bit more if you like it to be softer.Cucumber salad was a great side dish to compliment the spicy ramen.  The cucumber was loaded with garlic and tasted great.Will be back to try the dry noodles and other side items.Credit card minimum is $15.
Sheng ramen is a noodle joint that I got to visit lately. Although at first I thought it was japanese food it was actually chinese/taiwanese style noodles. But either way I love noodz so I had to try it out.I got to try the jajian mien, the fried buns and the wintermelon drink which was a special combo during their grand opening week. The jajiang mien although good I wish I added some hot oil to it cuz the noodles became a little stiff if you don't mix them right away since it is a soupless ramen. Soup noodles are definitely better for a noodle pull. The noodles were springy and the portion was just right to me not too little not too much.I also got to try the gyukotsu beef noodle soup with perfectly made eggs that had a gorgeous runny yolk served in this luscious 72 hour bone broth full of umami flavor and had a calming effect on me after the first sip. The beef it is served with though is very thinly sliced and similar to what you would get when you dine hot pot style. I wish the beef were marinated or seasoned a bit more but the broth almost makes up for it.The fried buns are such a fun thing to eat as well. These little fried puffs of dough can be dipped into condensed milk thats served on the side for a bit of sweetness. Is it an appetizer? Is it a dessert? Not sure but I want more of these.I also finished it off with a house made wintermelon herbal tea which was a refreshing end to my meal. The interior looks like it would be self serve but has waiters bussing the tables and everyone is so warm like they really appreciate your business and want to serve you efficiently. Most of the seating is basically just stools so don't expect a fancy dinner here.It can be a little hard to find since there is no street entrance but you actually have to go into the building thats connected to congee village and its right next to the dessert shop on the 1st floor.I would definitely return for that bone broth and whenever I have a craving for their fried buns and herbal tea.
It's lunchtime! Hubby and I decided to try this new, cafeteria style Taiwanese food place out, located in the heart of Flushing that just opened up recently. We came here around 1 pm on a Sunday afternoon so it was crowded as usual. You can almost always find parking in the municipal parking lot if you don't feel like looking for street meter parking, which is what we did and it was only 2 blocks away from here. You can sit wherever you please as a sign on the door indicates. Service was great with a server telling us how ordering works and pushing 2 tables together so we had more room for our food. There's a self-serve station with utensils, condiments (vinegar, spicy miso butter and chili paste), iced water and hot tea so help yourself. There was also a grand opening special going on for the month of May (ended 5/21), where you can choose from 3 combo options and it includes a choice of fried buns or cucumber salad and an iced winter melon or herbal tea. I got the Sheng spicy sauce dry ramen combo with fried buns and winter melon tea and the braised beef broth with dumplings. The fried buns had a sweet dipping sauce of condensed milk, which was sweet and tasty. The winter melon tea tasted great with just enough sweetness to keep us from becoming too thirsty. The dry ramen with beef had a spicy kick of flavor, which had my taste buds wanting more but it was super spicy though. The dumplings were good and had more filling than dough, which filled my husband's stomach up rather quickly. All in all, the food tasted great with the most authentic Taiwanese flavor we have yet encountered. The meal was also very cheap and service was great so please remember to tip even though everyone is saying no tip required because its self-serve, stop being cheap! As we left, our server waived bye to us, which made us feel important as customers. We will be back again especially since I didn't get to try the JaJang and ShaCha dry ramen this time.
Bomb A$$ Ramen ! Hole in the wall but definitely worth finding great atmosphere lady at the counter was really nice nice portion size as well !Spicy Beef rib ramen is a must try
Sheng ramen isn't your traditional Japanese ramen. They use the same ramen type noods and gave it a Chinese twist. The ramen I got was the special with a little of everything. I liked the blood cake and tofu. The broth had a nice, deep flavor that was very satisfying on a cold day. My favorite thing might actually be the fried Taiwanese chicken nuggz. They were perfectly fried and seasoned without feeling too heavy. I didn't want to share. I also really liked the complimentary self service tea and water they provide. I've seen deals on groupon for cash back. Will definitely use that next time I go.
Ramen was bland. Squid was re-fried. Popcorn chicken had too much batter. The runny boiled egg was the most perfect part of my dish, sad to say. Service was pleasant that's why 3 stars. Self service on the free barley tea and water was fine, so not complaining about that.
No it's not the ramen you think. It's not Japanese ramen but more like Chinese/Taiwanese noodles. But pretty good noodles! Not sure if I'd come back. It's inside the building which houses a bunch of other food options (Congee Village, Dolar Shop, etc). Very casual place, you just order at the cashier and sit down.
I think I came with pretty high expectations after hearing a friend's recommendation but was let down when I came. I ordered the A1 - spicy ramen with beef slices, beef tendon, frozen tofu, duck pudding, bean sprouts, and scallions. It was my first time trying duck pudding. I expected it to taste similar to pig's blood but found it to be more of a moist texture. The Szechuan spice was a little too much for me though so I swapped dishes with my boyfriend. He thought my dish was a good level of spice but that the flavor was lacking. I had his B7, JaJang with Minced Meat, which was a noodle dish topped with a thick sauce with minced meat and zucchini. It was decent, the noodles were a good texture, but the portion could have been bigger.To share, we got the spicy dumplings which were just regular dumplings sitting in oil. The cucumber salad tasted a little off too. Overall wasn't that impressed with our meal. Won't be back.
Tried 3 different noodles, spicy dumplings, and the egg drop soup on 3 separate visits. All were well prepared, and consistently tasty.The restaurant has added more items to an expanded menu. It is a nice goto spot when you want something else that's not food court style.Can't wait for another visit.
I love the cafeteria style of service here. My favorite thing to order is the sausages, taiwanese fried chicken and any of their noodle soup dishes. They are all pretty tasty.  They also have a nice selection of sakes and beers. Great atmosphere to come with friends for a full on dinner or some snacks and drinks.
This place is a little hidden within this building. When you walk up the stairs, the entrance will be to the left door, walk straight in then turn right. It's a little confiding at first but once you see 520 dessert, you'll see Sheng right next to it. I came here specifically to try their ramen based on the hype on yelp. Assuming it would give that wow factor, I actually didn't get what other yelpers were raving about. The ramen was average and super oily.My party ordered A1 - spicy beef ramen w/ tendon, beef slices, frozen tofu, veg (2x) one without duck blood pudding and B1 (same as A1 except the dry version), and popcorn chicken. A1: Lacking flavors and very very oily. Reminds me of a Chinese restaurant that serves beef stew except it would taste better than here.B1: Soggy ramen. Hard to mix noodles in a tiny bowl.Popcorn Chicken: Lacking flavor and small portion. Fried sage leaves wasn't fried enough. The chicken was juicy but it wasn't fried enough. Need more seasoning! Overall, if you're expecting Japanese ramen, you're looking at the wrong place. This is pretty authentic Taiwanese ramen but just missing flavor in every dish. Will probably not return again.
It's nice to see something different opening in Flushing. It seems that a common misconception a lot of people are having about this place is that this restaurant doesn't serve the type of ramen most people are accustomed to. They serve taiwanese styled ramen and although it's not too different from japanese ramen, you can definitely see the difference in the options of broth and topping they offer. Service in Flushing is usually horrendous, so I was surprised when the service here was pretty good. The staff was super friendly and patient; they helped us decide what to order when we didn't and politely pointed out where the self-serve lemon infused water. Simple things like this are super rare in Flushing! I ordered the Sesame & Soft Boil Egg (B2) cause it was a pretty hot day and I didn't want anything too soupy. It tasted like peanut butter noodles which I enjoyed! The soft boiled egg was cooked perfectly and had a delicious runny yolk!  Although I did enjoy my selection, my friends ordered the other dry ramens which were honestly much better than mine. I think I would recommend those over the Sesame & Soft Boil Egg cause it did come out a little more dry than the others. The Taiwanese popcorn chicken is pretty good. Crunchy on the outside and very juicy inside. Overall would recommend this place! It's a bit hard to find though. You have to into the building that's next to Congee Village and walk past the dessert store.
This place is a hidden treasure located on Prince street.The restaurant is family run and serves up Taiwanese style ramen- not to be mixed up with Japanese style ramen.The place is kept clean and tidy with a good amount of seating and has self serve ice water and tea in the front!The food here was beyond my expectations for there was a lot of flavor and left me wanting more. However, if you're going to get something spicy, keep in mind that it's not mild and wouldn't recommend if you can't handle spicy foods.The service was good for the staff greets you when you first come and when you leave- which is typical asian culture. Will definitely come again!
This is an unknown gem of flushing! It's a chain restaurant from Taiwan that tries to up beef noodle soup to the next level. We tried the new item menu's tomato beef ramen and spicy beef rib ramen, and also a small bowl of braised pork rice. The beef they use is the sliced beef, but it's quite fitting. The tomato broth is wow, thick! Some people say it's too salty, but I guess I like heavy flavor so I thought it was fine. The beef rib was fall off the bone. The portion was filling. A lot of places give too little meat, too much noodle. This place gives enough meat, enough noodle, and not enough veggies. We also tried their old fashion black tea and winter melon tea (made in house, NOT diluted by water, you can tell). Both were delicious and authentic. The auntie working there was chatting with us about how the store opened, and it was interesting she mentioned it's been opened for a year but a lot of people walk by and don't come in because they think it's a northern Chinese noodle place or a fake Japanese place, they don't have a sign that indicate they're taiwanese. But to me, the location isn't the most ideal so that could be a huge impact on their business. It's really too bad!!! I found it cute that they had a huge hand sanitizer on the table for you to use along with self serve lemon water and (great) self serve hot roasted tea.
This place a true hidden gem in Flushing. First of all, all of the noodle bowls are delicious and my fav is non-spicy beef ramen. It is very comforting, soothing yet creamy. It comes with tender beef slices that just taste so good on its own without even dipping in Sriracha! If you are into spicy noodles, go for dry spicy beef ramen. It has spicy and refreshing flavor especially becaz of slightly fruity sauce ( I think there is plum in the sauce, not sure though). Also, self-service n yet, really clean spot. On a side note, the noodle dishes are not really Japanese. They r more like Chinese n Japanese fusion. Overall, Sheng ramen is a solid & nice place to satisfy noodle cravings in Flushing if u get tired of Chinese hand-pulled noodles.
Up there as one of the better ramen I've tried. The location is well set, service was great, and the temperature was nice and cold, offsetting the spicy ramen. The spicy dumplings was a surprising good. Put my down as a fan.
This place is so good!!! And very quick!Taiwanese fried chicken- perfectly crispy, and SO juicy inside. Can't believe it's only like $6. Jajang dried noodles- exactly what I wanted. Very yummy!Spicy beef ribs- can't believe how much beef you get for $15. It was very good. Different than your typical ippudo ramens. Added bonus, free hot tea!
I actually enjoyed my ramen at this spot. I opted for the spicy dry ramen (I think it was B1) because I wanted to try something new and since it was extremely hot out, I didn't want anything soupy. Im glad I made that choice. Spicy level was perfect and it kind of tasted like packaged ramen but something made it good. Prices are decent (around 8-10$) and there's a good amount of seating. I would probably return and try the soup ramen next time.
Awesome service, sweet staff, this is one of the best spots in flushing if not in New York. Their noodles and ramen are A1. Try it and you won't regret it trust me.
I havent tried any other ramen but the spicy rib ramen was amazing! For $15 you get a huge piece of rib, half a tea egg, and very chewy ramen noodles. The broth is delicious by itself. In addition the popcorn chicken is very krispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The goyza however wasnt as good as I hoped, very plain. It is a self serve place and tip is not required. Definitely would come again!!!
Maybe I came in with high expectations. The food was okay. The soup and beef was a bit bland while the octopus tentacles were a bit too salty. The egg was perfectly cooked.
Good customer service. Friendly staff.Good selection of beers and Japanese alcohol.Free cucumber water and tea. No tips is the best part but portion size is small for cost.
Can't believe they serve the duck blood pudding. I thought it was illegal, but it's delicious cause I can only get that in Taiwan. Noodle soup base is delicious and the beef is not your regular beef, it's thinly sliced hotpot beef.
Good ramen and laid back atmosphere. Staff were friendly and easy going.  Great place for a quick bite.
This was my first time here and I didn't even know it existed until a friend told me she saw it on Yelp and wanted to try it. Definitely won't be my last time either, food was great and pretty cheap! Though there are seats, you order at the counter and they bring the food out to you, but you still have to get utensils and napkins, tea or water yourself. All in all, a pleasantly quaint place to sit down and have a meal while also casual enough to feel like home.
Ordered the sheng ramen, spicy beef ramen and popcorn chicken. Love the popcorn chicken because it's crunchy on the outside while still moist on the inside. They have self service hot tea and iced water. And they use real cups, which is very nice. Both ramen are ok. Decent food but I don't think I'll be craving for this.
Love this place for so so many aspects! I've come here twice and have yet to be disappointed. The place is casual, friendly, and clean. The staff are warm and attentive even though it's not a formal restaurant with table service. The food is authentic and delicious. I had the spicy beef sour cabbage rice soup and Taiwanese popcorn chicken. The rice soup was unique and is a must try. The popcorn chicken was as good as this dish can get. Don't forget the dessert! Last time I came, I had the fried bun (man-tou) with condensed milk which is always delicious to have as a dessert or snack. Will definitely come back (probably by the end of this week ).
I've been here for a few time. Ordered take out a few time. Nothing impressive to me until today. I order take out again. I order (F1) Spicy Beef Broth W. Dumpling with extra *beef slices *soft boiled egg *spicy frozen tofu and *spicy duck pudding. And (C8) Gyoza So, the Spicy duck pudding is amazing. If you are from Taiwan then you will know what I'm talking about. Here in U.S the duck pudding or pork pudding is very different than the one we had in Taiwan. But this place have these amazing Spicy duck pudding. I told most of my friend to try it already.Also, Gyoza is $5 for 8 pretty cheep and it tastes sooo good. One more thing, I've try their (c12) Steamed Rice W. Meat sauce $4. The portion is a bit small, but it's really good too. Very similar to the one I had in Taiwan.Friendly staff, and it's self serve place.
Note: 4.5 Stars. The owner/servers were really nice and efficient so I bumped up the rating to 5 on yelp.This is Taiwanese style Ramen, don't expect Japanese Ramen here.The shop is self-serve. You go in, take a seat, and order your food. They will bring the food to your table and clean the table afterwards. No tips required. You have to get your own utensils and water/tea. I honestly prefer this method of establishment. Everything is at my own pace and needs. They will also gladly help as needed.I came here during my lunch hour on a Wednesday with my coworkers. Everyone got their food within 5 minutes of ordering (this included 5 bowls of ramen and a serving of fried chicken).The food is pretty good. I ordered A4 Ramen Noodles. The soup seems homemade (?) and it doesn't taste too salty or bland. I'm guessing there isn't much MSG in the soup either since I didn't feel the need to drink water afterwards. The salt&pepper chicken was really juicy and hot (be carefu l selecting your spice level). The soft boil egg is done just right, runny and delicious. The only suggestions I have is to add some more soup and bean sprouts to the dish. The portion size is just right for me; though I'm sure some people will need to add extra noodles or toppings to feel full.Overall, I would definitely come back in the near future.
we made an impromptu decision to eat dinner in Flushing due to the amazing weather and our fortuitous parking spot. stumbled into the plaza to check out Sheng Ramen and the smell and casual setting was enough to make us want to stay.  you order at the counter and they bring the food to you.  the people who work there are very nice, kind of like eating with a friendly aunt.there's so much on the menu that we want to try, but in an attempt for moderation, we each got a ramen.  He got the Gyu Kotsu ramen (the clear soup, braised 72 hours) and i got the Szechuan Sour Bean with Minced Meat dry ramen.  Both were really good, although there wasn't really any sour bean in the dry ramen, more like a spicy meat sauce. They have a beverage and condiment station where they offer water and hot tea and black and white vinegar, spicy miso butter, and chili paste. i threw some of the black vinegar in my noodles and it was pretty great.we also ordered the Fried Bun with Condensed Milk,which was AMAZING. crunchy on the outside and naturally sweet, made sweeter by dunking it in the condensed milk. so good, and best to eat it piping hot. in addition, we ordered the Taiwanese Popcorn Chicken, which was good and juicy, but the pieces were a little bigger than the traditional version and they cover it with spicy chili powder, which isn't the norm.overall i definitely recommend this place for a casual meal.
Located deep within the building that houses 520 desserts, the inside of the restaurant is quite spacious and not too crowded. When we went in at the time, there was only one other group with us . The service was great. The waitress came by to our table after we ordered to check up on us and we had pleasant small talk.The food itself was okay but not to my liking. The popcorn chicken was salty and overseasoned but my friends told me that's how it usually is. In terms of the ramen, I ordered the Sheng ramen. The noodles were good in that they were firm yet easy to eat but the broth itself was underwhelming. It was spicy but there was no flavor to it. They recommended the winter melon tea, which I liked, so I suggest getting that. At the time, the restaurant was quiet and they have two tvs on opposing ends of the room to watch, creating some background noise. It's a good place to sit and talk.
Ok food but wow service was horrible. The woman asked me to circled around twice in the building when I asked for bathroom and told her I need to go before ordering. Guess what I found out, the bathroom was right next to her! I found out that after 20 min circling and didn't find the bathroom. She simply said " will you let me talk? " And blah with an attitude accusing me like every other customer as a liar!
This is a great little ramen spot, the people are super friendly and the ramen speaks for itself . Had the beef ramen with the ribs and it was great. This quaint little restaurant is a must if you need to scratch a ramen itch!!!
Cute little restaurant with delicious dishes. The restaurant name is ramen but it's really a Taiwanese restaurant because the translation of ramen in Taiwanese means pulled noodles. I enjoyed my minced been dry noodles and the braised egg drop soup.  While my companion enjoyed his kyu kohsi dish. Will we be returning? Yes!
Having the word RAMEN in their name was very misleading as I was excited to try out this new RAMEN shop but ultimately it was just a SPICY NOODLE shop.  There was nothing special about the broth or noodles besides it being spicy. The noodles tasted just like the noodles from a instant noodle package.  Someone into spicy noodle soup might enjoy this place though as mentioned by other yelpers.The only item I did enjoy were the dumplings as that I would recommend.
Ramen and taiwanese style?  my friend told me it was a chain overseas Sheng Noodle.  Had to check this out myself!  My friend and I got the a1 a2 b3 and some dumplings.  A1 is the Sheng noodles with duck blood, tofu and sliced beef.  I got the spicy beef, which didn't have the duck blood and tofu but it had the slice beef and mustard greens with it.  Something similar to beef noodle soup.  So they use japanese style noodles, which they give a hefty amount if you see the pictures.  The broth and seasoning is really sensational.  Walking near this place you could smell all the flavors.  We actually had trouble not salivating all over ourselves while we took pictures.  My other friend tried the dry ramen b3, which was really good as well, it was a bit harder to mix it since it was a dry style she took some of the broth from the dumplings and added in her bowl to help get it going.  We went for ramen and broth she wanted something a bit different  The dumplings were nice thick but soft skin and flavorful and juicy on the inside.  We opted out on another spicy dish.I heard of this spicy butter that is homemade, must check that out next time.As always check the pictures out =)-------------Another stop at Sheng Ramen They started to pick up some speed with customers coming in.  Now serving some neat combos, I got Chrysanthemum tea ,  pickled cucumber salad or fried buns with condense milk and a ramen.  I also ordered a sweet fermented tofu to try it out !-----April 2018 Tried their beef ribs ! That was really good reminds me of beef noodle soup with their added spicy paste.  We also got popcorn chicken and cucumbers to add to our meal.
The service is worst than none. The food is not impressive, but the service is really bad. Asking customer to use outside bathroom when there is one inside. When asked why she told people to go outside, she gave an attitude and said not sure you are a real customer. Often, it is not what you said, but how you said it is the main problem.
Came here for the gyu kotsu ramen and was pleasantly surprised when I found out that it was not your usual Japanese broth which I always found too salty. Sheng's Taiwanese style ramen broth was tasty without being overly salty. Really loved the marinated soft boiled egg. Also gor to try the braised pork belly over rice as well and it's such a simple dish but it was super tasty and flavorful.Also tried several other sides like the soy garlic wings which were ready good, shredded potatoes which I thought was a bit spicy but that's just me, the fried buns with condensed milk was dessert and fun. Will def come back to try other dishes that I haven't yet.
This was a very pleasant surprise. The pork ramen was delightful and the pork stomach was so delicious. The pork had a perfect ratio of fat to lean meat, so I practically melted in my mouth. I would say that this place is better than Ichiran. The takoyaki was very good as well; it bursts in your mouth and coats your tongue. You're left with a piece of squid in the center.
The place was not crowded when I came on a Wednesday night, probably because this place is hidden inside a giant building with a long hallway to get to.  I ordered the spicy mala beef soup ramen and winter melon drink.  The soup was very flavorful with the perfect balance of the peppercorn and hot chili flavor, not too much to overpower the taste of the beef flavor.  The slices of beef were very tender and taste fresh, unlike the frozen fatty sliced beef usually served by other malatang restaurants.  I love the frozen tofu which soaked up all the yummy soup and released them in my mouth with every bite.  The place itself is cozy and clean, with wooden tables and chairs and large flat-screen TV's on either side playing Taiwanese and American shows.  It's a nice place to come either with friends or just by yourself without having to feel awkward.
If you are looking for an authentic dining experience in Taiwan, definitely visit Sheng Ramen. I grew up in Taiwan and everything about this place reminds me of home. From the decor, to the service and food, I have no doubt about it that this place is 100% Taiwanese. I love how clean this place is. They use Japanese ramen noodles as the main carb which is a bit unusual for a Taiwanese restaurant. However, it really goes well with different kinds of beef soup they offer. I love all the noodle soups  with a perfectly cooked soft boiled egg on the side.  Spicy beef dry noodle is a great choice if you are craving for something spicy without hot soup. Minced meat over rice and popcorn chicken are also something that worth trying. I've been back 4 times so far since I discovered this place. I'll be back soon!
It's a Taiwanese noddles restaurant so some may be confused from its name. I ordered a spicy beef noodles and the soup is quite yummy and similar to what I had in Taiwan. The noddles can be a bit confusing as it tastes like the Japanese ramen instead of the Taiwanese noodles. The duck pudding is cut into slices which is a bit too mini. When you order pudding you would hope the size to be like a tofu at least. May come try another Taiwanese food next time but not the duck pudding.
I came here with high hopes and left hungry. The noodles had a good consistency but the soup taste was alittle off. The pot stickers had a great crispy exterior with a stuffed interior but lacked FLAVOR of any kind. I would try these out again if they taste tested the filling beforehand. The spicy dumplings are literally just regular dumplings drowning in hot oil sauce. Too much oil. Overbearing. Skip.
Tried this spot for the first time because I was craving ramen and I will definitely be back. You need to be ready for the different flavors. The cucumber salad was refreshing but the thick chunks of garlic were unpleasant. Also I wasnt aware that the spicy sliced potatoe was  raw. It was marinated in spices and rice vinegar. The soups were delisious and not too heavy.
Went in twice in a week! First time was because wanting to try out a new place, which it turned out to be a really nice surprise.  I had the vegetable ramen and no joke the soup was delicious! Decent portion too! My friend ordered Sheng Ramen and fried squid (new item~ ) she couldn't stop saying how good it was and how they were perfectly marinated/seasoned!  Her ramen was great as well! A bite of thin sliced beef then a bite of ramen~ awesome!2nd time was just because I had to bring my family and share the goodness.  Also to come back for my vegetable ramen!
This is not Ramen, it's Chinese noodles in soup. Broth is overly waterly and the cha-shu is thin slices of frozen pork belly that's been broiled for 5 minutes in a toaster oven.Very salty and loaded with MSG.
The ramen was excellent! Easy to get to and parking was easy compared to the rest of Flushing. The guy we met that worked there was super friendly and it really made for an amazing experience.Keep in mind that the storefront is not right on the street... you need to walk into the building and through the shared hallway to find it.You got to go there!! It is totally worth it!!!
over price！ this is not Ramen, it just noodle. The duck pudding is not duck pudding , it pig blood pudding.The portions are too small even for a slim girl!!See picture!
I honestly didn't think this place was good when I passed by the first time. It's hidden in a location that doesn't  get a lot of traffic. However I went today and honestly their broth was very good. It has distinct flavors from Taiwan. I'm likely to come back again! I'd say their beef broth was better than most of the noodle places in new world mall. I haven't quite enjoyed a bowl of beef noodles in such a long time since flushing mall closed down.  I wished they had more noodle options besides ramen!
Not that good as a taiwanese noodle. It's below the average performance of taiwanese beef noodle in NYC, not mention compared with authentic ones from Taiwan. Disappointed.
Love this place, it's clean, staff are friendly and the menu is awesome! Their pork over rice is delicious, I have never had the traditional Taiwanese meal that tasty. I believe the secret ingredient is their sauce... but ramen is good too. Love their winter melon tea as well!
Very good little ramen shop in Busy area with lots of restaurants. Hidden inside a building with several other restaurants, this place had a tasty treat that was served quickly that I was ready to slurp!
Love the spicy dumplings. The staff is super friendly. One of my favorite places in the neighborhood. I must get myself to try more than the spicy dumplings.
Atlantic Taiwanese food mix with little Japanese style Super delicious. AAA services!!! Perfect spot for lunch and quick dinner. Highly recommend it
When it comes down to Flushing, there is a plethora of food places ranging from stands, food courts, windows, and restaurants. In addition, the list of cultural list of cuisines here are massive. When it comes down to it, choosing a place to eat can be overwhelming. In the case of Sheng Ramen, they help make picking a place to eat easier. Despite being named Sheng Ramen, this place has a wide range of food options including rice, soup, dumplings, and salads. They also serve teas like wintermelon, herbal, jasmine, and red tea. Appetizers range anywhere from $3-6 and include traditional Taiwanese dishes like Taiwanese popcorn chicken, marinated beef shank / pork ear, and pickled vegetables. For entrees or larger dishes, prices range anywhere from $5 to $10. These entrees include steamed dumplings in broth (amazing), dry and wet ramen (amazing), and rice in soup (also pretty amazing). Considering the effort, quality, and portions of the food here, this place is a pretty good steal. I would recommend getting the braised pork with rice and any type of ramen dish. The noodles here are al dente~ usually with your selection of meat, bean sprouts, and a perfectly cooked runny soft boiled egg.You wont regret coming here.P.S.1. They have free self-service lemon water2. They have free self-service hot tea
I'm a fan  they delivered my food in 15-20 minutes after I ordered it (granted, we're located down the block) The food was amazing, I'm definitely ordering from this place again.
Went with my coworkers here and tried the ramens it was good and the chicken was heaven! The workers was nice to us
Not exactly your classic Taiwanese beef noodle soup but adjust your expectations and a very good meal could be had. The soup base for the classic A1 option lean towards a mala flavor and the beef used is sliced brisket. The wife had a dry bowl that tasted like a pretty solid zajiangmian. We also ordered a Taiwanese popcorn chicken and a fried mantou with condensed milk dip which were both good but came out with odd timing (the dessert mantou was served first before anything else and the popcorn chicken was served last). Not a perfect meal but met expectations and would repeat!
this is a discreet place you can take family or colleagues to for brunch. they have music video on one side & cable TV on the other with music in background that doesn't sync
Came here because of the four star yelp reviews and was a little disappointed. They serve ramen type noodles in not so flavorful broth. Although I am aware that this is not japanese ramen I still expected my broth to be special or flavorful. Overall there weren't anything special about the ramen and I wouldnt come back. I also ordered dumpling in hotoil sauce and that was just okay, nothing to rave about. It is sort of a selfserve place where there is an area for you to get your own water but when we were ordering and paying at the same time our receipt was showing if you want to tip X amount of dollars. We ended up tipping not knowing that it was self serve. I guess it kind of feels like tipping the person that takes your order at mcd. This place is located above the new congee village and right next to 520 dessert, not hard to find at all!
Was feeling for some shanghai tonight. Was browsing through yelp for some locations around me and this spot came up. It's a shanghai type cuisine but they serve their noodles with ramen noodles, with either "dry ramen" or "soup ramen".. styles. We went for the dry noodles. I tried the jajang w/minced meat (i don't usually eat meat and ive asked for them to not add bean sprouts or scallions. I'm pregnant now and shouldn't be eating that)  and the husband tried the Sheng Spicy Sauce w/Top Blade Slices. I tried his noodles and boy it was SPICY! If you're into spice that hits you right on the spot this is the dish for you.To be honest I'm not really feeling their JaJang sauce. Its a really a bit too dry for me. Im use to having the kind that's a bit more saucy. It's still good though. Their noodle was al dante.. loves the chewy-ness to it. We also ordered the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It sat on the table for 3 mins and it was still hot when you bite into it!. The breading wasn't thick or left a greasy oil taste in your mouth so it was good. Overall experience for this place. Good.
Amazing place on par with any ramen place in the city. The Taiwanese chicken and spicy beef ramen is done like no where else. Super nice people running the place too
Some of the best veggie ramen I have ever had - the tomato base is so well seasoned, you don't even realize its tomato!
Did not enjoy anything that was ordered on our first time here. The only think that was good was the pig ear and even that was too cold and too hard.The Taiwanese sausage was the size of my pink finger (no wonder it was cheap)And even though everything looked very promising - the main dishes were totally bland.Will not be returning.
Got spicy dumplings in soup broth. Delicious! In a bldg with lots of great-looking Chinese and Japanese food options, but I'm glad I chose this one!
Reminds me of Asia! Walk in, order at the front and pick your own seat. I got the A4? The non-spicy galbi beef ramen, came with a perfect egg (soft boiled with almost runny yolk). It was a delicious of beef and noodles. Also got the Taiwanese fried chicken. That was too spicy and salty for me, but the chicken itself was so tender and juicy inside that I kept wiping off the hot spice and salt so I could continue eating. I am definitely going back for the noodles.
Taiwanese style ramen located inside this building full of other dessert and food places. You have to walk down a few hallways but they have taped signs up so it wasn't that hard to find. You order at the counter and seat yourself as you walk in. They give you a number and they will bring the food over to you once it's ready. Since the place just opened not long ago they're doing a promotion until 5/31/17 where you can order a ramen with either fried buns or pickled cucumber salad plus a drink for only $12-$14; which is a super good deal. The ramen portion was pretty generous but I didn't personally find it to be super amazing but the either way I thought the food was worth it. I liked how the spoons were the types with an edge on them where you can hook it to the side of your bowl so the spoon doesn't fall in and drown in your soup as it pretty much ALWAYS happens to me. Both the herbal tea and winter melon tea was good and they have a self service drink area where you can get iced water and hot tea. Since you order and pay before you eat you don't have to tip but we left some on the table anyway!
Def not authentic in any way, not in Taiwanese, not in 'Ramen', it is a hybrid noodle shop. The two ramen bowls we got had noodles that was from the fridge, not fresh. The meat was Korean BBQ / hot-pot style thinly sliced meat, not braised. The vegetable consist of broccoli, bean sprout and old carrot. Also, why the two large TV on each side of the wall? It tacks on a terrible atmosphere to a counter service noodle shop.
Every since I got back to New York for summer break I've been dying to try this place out. I finally decided to come try this ramen place out with a friend of mine a week ago. At first I was really skeptical since a lot of places in flushing claim they have ramen but it's just regular noodles. The store was in a building along with a bunch of other restaurants but it wasn't really hard to find. When we stepped in there weren't many people since we came right after lunch time. It was quiet and the place was very clean. We seated ourselves and the waitress brought over the menus. She was really nice. We then went up to the cash register to order. I got the Gyu-Kotsu Ramen and my friend got the Braised Beef and Vegetables Ramen and we shared an order of Gyoza.We were pleasantly surprised because the ramen was really good! It wasn't too salty and the portions were big. The beef was cooked perfectly! The guisa was really good as well. They didn't let it burn or undercook it, it was just right. My friend really enjoyed his meal as well and it was his first time trying ramen that didn't come in a plastic bag haha. Overall, my experience was terrific and I will definitely be coming back since I'm in Flushing very often!
Came here for lunch and noticed it was a new spot so went to try it out with a group of friends. It's a bit hidden inside Queens Crossing but not difficult to find. The restaurant is more of a fast food/self serve style. Go up to the front and order your dish and they'll bring it to your table. There's also plenty of tea, water and other condiments available for self serving as well. I ordered the braised beef ramen and winter melon tea drink. Loved the winter melon drink. It's a sweet flavor but not overly sweet, definitely refreshing. The ramen was a bit average or underwhelming. The thing is that this isn't Japanese ramen, which typically gives you a punch of flavor. Yet even though this is Taiwanese style I still am expecting that in your face burst of umami flavor. I just felt I was eating a Chinese style beef noodle soup that used ramen. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't anything special I could say for it. There wasn't anything that would make me want to go back a second time. Noodles aren't too pricey, around $10/11 but I prefer the $7 noodle soups from NY food court.
If you're like me and searched Yelp for "ramen" and found Sheng Ramen, you're gonna have a bad time.The name really should be Sheng Noodles, instead of Sheng Ramen. I'm alluding to the name being misleading.They basically took a Taiwanese beef bowl, transplanted the regular noodles with ramen, and called it a day. The owner must have patted himself in the back 3 times that day.The taste, it's okay, like a regular bowl of Taiwanese noodle soup, except with ramen.The business probably knew they can put the word "ramen" in their name, and then magically able to add +$4 to their noodle items. Kudos to them having business sense, capitalizing on the hipster crowd thinking they are trying a brand new kind of "ramen" .One last thing, their beef broth is Jeb Bush. Weak and low energy.
Came here because the food pictures looked great. Got the Sheng spicy dry noodles, spicy beef and sour cabbage ramen and spicy steamed dumplings with Red Tea. The dry noodles were not tasty and just spicy and numbing while the ramen was just average. The spicy steamed dumplings were good but nothing to die for, while the red tea was spot on. Seating is spacious and comfortable and no need to tip.
It's a bit out of the way, tucked inside a sort of mini mall on the corner of Prince St and 37th Ave.  You wouldn't know it if you're just walking along the street.  Food and service were excellent.  Prices were as expected for flushing-very reasonable.  But you get great quality for less than quality prices.  The popcorn chicken was delicious, an excellent accompaniment to the beers and sake that they had.  I was surprised by the alcohol selection.The ramen was also top notch, but at an affordable price.  Great quality but without spending $15 per bowl.  I'm going to take my coworkers there tonight.
Randomly dropped in as we were in the area and OMG found an amazing Gem. The broths were so flavorful , soft boiled egg tasted amazing. One of the best ramen bowls I have had to date this has become my new favorite place to have ramen
This is a new restaurant in flushing for decent beef ramen. I like the setting and the cleanliness of the restaurant. The place even comes with TV with sports channel on. I also like the appetizers here. The price is affordable. I would highly recommend this place.
Very friendly staff. Go there, seat yourself, they'll bring you the menu, you order at the register, and they'll bring you the food. No tip required but it's appreciated. Very clean place and there's enough variety on the menu without being overwhelming. This is Taiwanese style ramen, and they also have rice and dumpling dishes.
If you're looking for Japanese ramen. This place isn't it. It is Chinese noodles and it is absolutely amazing. The staff there is incredible. Michelle is a sweet heart. I recommend the spicy beef ramen with sour cabbage and if you dont like spicy, the gyu kotsu ramen is so rich and flavorful. Their fried squid legs are the bomb! I find myself coming back all the time. Do try it out and do remember this isn't Japanese ramen.
Beautiful place! Good food, good customer service! I frequently bring my friends here and they love it too!!My favorite ramen bowl is the Guy Kotsu Ramen! The beef is cooked to perfection, and has enough vegetables and carbs for my diet!
2 STARS FOR NOODLE. 10 stars for braised pork rice.
I ordered the spicy beef ramen and it was delicious.  If you love spicy food, the spicy beef will not disappoint.  I paid $10 for the spicy beef ramen.The place was clean and modern.  There are flat screen TVs and free wifi from the restaurant.  I went on a Sunday late afternoon and the service was quick.  I liked that I can order at the counter and go seat myself.  Someone will bring my order to me.  There is a station where I can pickup my own tea, chopsticks, and condiments so I don't need to be waited on.
Saw my friend posting about this new taiwanese restaurant that has a soft opening so i decided to try it out. Started off with the cucumber salad and the marinated bean curd. Both had just enough flavor to taste good and not be overwhelming. Ordered Gyu Katsu Ramen which was pretty decent, the soft boil egg was perfect and Spicy Beef Ramen had just the right amount of kick of spice in your mouth. It also comes with duck blood which tastes just like pig blood. Manager was very nice and gave us an extra dish of the taiwanese lu rou fan (meat sauce over rice) on the house. The meat was very flavorful and not over cooked. Definitely hands down better than the other taiwanese spot in flushing. The service was superb, both the manager and the waiters came by many times to ask how the food was and offered to fill more soup if we wanted. Manager actually tried to return tip to us claiming that they don't take it because back in Taiwan tip was not necessary. Staff informed us that they had a chain of ten restaurants in Taiwan if we ever go visit Taipei. Will be back for more authentic taiwanese food and great service.
Great place for ramen. It's cafeteria/seat yourself type, no tip required. Very friendly staff. Will definitely come back.
First time trying this place because someone I know mentioned it to me. So I was curious and wanted to try this place out. The staff at this location was super friendly and gives you a nice local mom and pop shop feeling. The noodles were delicious and not that spicy. Another good item was the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It was crispy with a nice kick to it.
These days we're rarely in Flushing but we miss the authentic food. Found a new Taiwanese ramen restaurant. We ordered the A1 spicy Sheng Ramen and A4 72hr broth noodles. The spice level was perfect not overwhelming but you can really savor the heat and flavor. Both were delicious. Definitely will have to make a return trip to Flushing to try out the other items on the menu!
I'm new to the ramen world but I love this place. Inside of a large building that houses other restaurants and such, you'll find this place. You walk in, find a seat & will be given menus before you go up to the counter to order & pay. After they bring the food out to your table for you to enjoy. Their tofu ramen is so good. Haven't gotten a chance to try the other vegetarian friendly options they offer yet. This is a must visit place whenever I'm in Flushing and need something to eat.
Really good food ramen was awesome but be aware if you go they will give you the menu and seat you down BUT!! They won't come back to take your order you have to go to the register and order we spend like an hour waiting without knowing that little detail but lesson learned ant the end food was really good
They use fresh Japanese ramen noodles, but Chinese style. The noodles themselves are Delicious. Portion size aren't so big, but enough for a average lunch. The overall style Is very similar to what you find in the food courts as a specialized chinese style. The restaurant is very casual, fast food like even though the establishment looks more like there's waiter service. Tried a noodle with no soup base (minced pork and veggies) and the classic spicy Sheng ramen, both were ok.
Very friendly staff. I had the spicy beef rib ramen. The broth was very tasty.  The ramen was a bit hard for my taste. Would have liked it to be a little softer. The beef ribs were big and tender to the point of falling off the bone.  I would definitely come back here again.
This place was awesome. I'm a big fan of ramen so called me, JADED!!! I loved the broth here. I got the spicy beef ramen because you know me, I love spicy... The broth was my favorite part. The tofu was a nice touch because I don't think I've ever seen that in a ramen. I love hotpot and it reminded me of that. Overall, this is a great place in flushing for ramen. Next time, i will look to try the Sheng Ramen since that is their signature. I will definitely come back and visit with my friends if I am in flushing and in the mood for ramen.
This place is ok. It took me a while to find it since it's located inside a shopping mall. Once you find it, you'll see a pretty spacious dining area. When I got there it was late night, so there were only two tables with people. I ordered the traditional tonkotsu ramen, and got it pretty fast. (again not that many people anyways) I was afraid that it might taste very salty, as many places in New York are like that, but their flavor was just right. The noodle was decent sized, ingredients were what you would expect in this price range, and nothing really to complain. So overall it's just a generic place for people to dine. It's a calm and chill place for late night dining experience, but don't expect too much from this place.
A must try! Had the A1 and it was awesome. Perfectly cooked thin slices of beef, broth was excellent a nice level of spice and ramen had a great texture. The popcorn chicken was also a great appetizer. Will definitely come back. We also ordered A4 and A5...both also had great broth and ramen cooked perfectly and one of those dishes came with an egg..we had never tasted such a silky egg like that before )note to self, add egg to future ramen dish). The rice with meat sauce was very yummy, can't wait to bring my baby girl to try that. So overall excellent food experience.
Just went here for the first time and ordered a pork and a vegetable ramen. Both were very tasty, filling,  and delicious. We've been looking for a good ramen place without having to go into the city all the time and this may be the place. Will definitely be trying them again.
Decided to try to this place out. I was disappointed with the ramen soup, it was bland. The popcorn chicken and fried bun with condened milk was good.
It's a simple operation whereby you order and they'll take the food to your table. The Ramen and broth are of high-quality, and the soy sauce garlic wings are appropriately tasty. Give this place a try, I bet you won't regret it.
Do not get high expectation to try out just treat it like a fast food and there is many of fast food noodle shop around u can pick and lot better taste ! Thats it !!
Seriously best flavorful ramen I've ever. It's rare to find an awesome ramen place especially with unique creative flavors. Employees were filled with hospitality and asked if everything was ok. I had the veggie tomato based ramen and it is awesome I wish I could eat this back in Boston seriously.
I had beef noodle which is really tasty. Also a side order of Takoyaki. Will recommend friend and go back to try others.
This place is pricy and the ramen is not that good. For the price of the ramen you can get better food around Flushing. It's like a self service place. There is a station with free water and tea. The setting of the restaurant is really free and you just walk in and sit yourself.
First time coming here. The ramen is very unique and is not the traditional Taiwanese ramen....once in a lifetime experience you shouldn't miss out on!!! You will never be able to eat ramen at other restaurants again
I feel so sick after take lunch in this restaurant today  , i run to toilet six time all day , and i did not eat anything after their food until 10 pm .
Super cute new ramen spot in Flushing! The place is a little hidden but in one of the fresher established infrastructures in the neighborhood. The first thing I noticed was the décor. The restaurant itself is very appealing, gives you a subtle feeling that you're in Taiwan instead of Flushing. The staff is also super pleasant and helpful when providing recommendations for your taste buds! Take note that this is more like Taiwanese ramen rather than the typical Japanese ramen (you can definitely get that feel after tasting the broth). Service is a bit different here; you order at the register but they still bring you your food. We ordered the marinated pig ear and Gyu Kaku Ramen.  The pig ears were a little bland, but the ramen made up for it. They also recommended the herbal tea and it was amazing - nothing like I've ever had before!
This place amazing literally. Idk if she's the owner or what not but there's a lady late night super nice. Oh man their noodles is great never was really into noodles but man idk if I was just hungry or what I finished that thing in less than 10mins. Food is great, place is amazing, and the lady haha shes great
I love ramen but this is definitely not ramen. Went in a weekend noon with my bf but didn't see anyone walked into the restaurant during our entire lunch. The food is nothing like ramen. I can't even finish it though I'm super hungry. Also ordered tea and it tastes like sugar water. Will never go again and will never recommend to any of my friends.
By all accounts this should have been a 3 to 3.5 so i rounded up for a couple of reasons.  The taste was decent (good even) but not spectacular.  I ordered the spicy beef ramen which lived up to the name as it was really spicy.  I also had Taiwanese style bean curd (豆乾）which was made right and was absolutely delicious.   With the food was Taiwanese beer which made the meal that much better.
Checked in on 6/24/17 for Lunch.Overall experience was mixed. Service was fine and suggestive but the food was mixed.Pigs Ear - Tasted fine but the not all pieces were not completely sliced through which some piece ended up in clumps which was kinda of gross.Gyu Katsu Ramen - Not great.  Bland but the thinly sliced beef was decent.Jajang w. Minced Meat Dry Ramen - It's okay.  Not great but the not the worst.  Smallest cut of bean curd I have ever seen and ate (if it was a little bigger it would make the experience better).  Also, the egg should not be cold!  It was cold!Would not go back again.
Sheng Ramen serves Taiwanese style ramen so don't come here looking for Japanese style ramen. I've never had Taiwanese ramen so I was excited when they finally opened last weekend. On their recommendation we ordered the house special sheng ramen. It came topped with pieces of thinly sliced steak, beef tendon, fried tofu, and bean sprouts. We were delighted with all the toppings. The menu says spicy but it is not overwhelming. We could smell the exotic flavors of the soup as it was placed on our table. The broth doesn't have the rich fattiness of Japanese ramen. Instead it is rich in flavor and not too heavy. You won't feel guilty drinking the whole bowl. The noodles were perfectly textured and chewy.We also tried the dry ramen with the sheng special sauce. It has a kick to it with the kind of tongue numbing spiciness found in Szechuan dishes. I loved it!The staff was friendly and helpful. I learned from talking to the owner they get their noodles from Sun Noodle aka the secret weapon of America's best noodle shops. The restaurant has a nice coziness to it, strange as it is in the middle of Flushing.
Came here on a whim today as I was craving some spicy ramen. The best decision ever!! Ordered the vegetable ramen to go. Packing the food the way they did made sure nothing would spill. And it was absolutely delicious!! Cant wait to come back here!! It is now my only go-to spot for Ramen.
Ramen was a disappointment. The noodles tasted like supermarket bought. But their hot tea was pretty good.
Escape the bustling flushing in this nice quaint spot. Owner is friendly and helpful with suggestions. Order up front, take a seat, and they'll bring the food to you.We got the spicy dumplings and sheng ramen combo with the opening promo of cucumber salad and winter melon drink. The soup base is the same for both of them. Dumplings were good proportion of pork to cabbage to dough. Ramen was good, but it wains in comparison to Japanese ramen shops. It's similar to the food court food but in a nice environment with healthier utensils, and better ingredients (I liked that the ramen had beef tendon bits). Priced well/appropriately.
Good thing about this ramen place is that it's not overly salty like your typical Japanese ramen. I don't think the dishes were over the top and definitely not the best ramen In queens. The texture of the noodles are perfect, but there's something about the broth that doesn't cut it for me. The portion are closer to the smaller end and I was not full at the end of my meal. Even after having their fried buns with condense milk.
Popcorn chicken was done perfectly. Ramen orders 1 and 4 were tasteless and had such little substance. Way overpriced. Would rather pay 4-6$ more for a real bowl. Or 9.50$ less for an instant bowl.
I get Sheng ramen for my dinner, and it was so good!!! I went around for ramen shop in Flushing area and this restaurant jumped into my sight. The beef was so tasty that I want to order more beef in it lol!! I highly recommend this ramen store to all of you! The place was clean and you can get water at anytime by yourself. I'll definitely come here again!
Food was delicious but was a bit spicy for my taste. However, I really like the Taiwanese popcorn chicken. It was da bomb.
I got the braised beef and vegetable ramen and the bf got the gyu kotzu ramen as well as the spicy dumplings. The broth of both soups were delicious (and I especially like it cause it's beef based), but I liked my order better. It was more soysauce-y if you're into that. I also like that they have self serve water, tea as well as to the utensils and spices. We used their spicy butter on our soups and it enhanced the taste so well! We got just enough spice that we wanted. My boyfriend loved the dumplings, sweating from the spice but he said it was delicious and kept eating anyway. The place is nice and cozy enclosed in this building with a bunch of other new restaurants. Will definitely come back here and try the other ramens and other things on the menu. I also really like the fact that it's more of an area that's away from the hustle and bustle of main street/roosevelt. Although, parking is still a hunt as you may already know of Flushing. All in all, recommend you try it!
I saw the advertisement yesterday, and came today. Didn't get disappointed. I highly recommend their signature beef ramen and fried chicken.
I went out of my way to visit this place because my friend recommended me. The trip was very worthwhile. I got F1 and B5. The soup was very rich and the portion for meat was enough to fill me up. Adding on the dumplings were fire!! It was juicy and meaty just the way I like it!! Definitely making another trip to this joint soon. Strongly recommend this place.
I really like the taiwanese ramen that they serve here. It has just the right amount of heat and flavor. My favorite is their Spicy Beef with Sour Cabbage Ramen compared to their dry ramen. I think their dry ramen packs a little more heat since it's dry. If you have room, their dumplings are a must as well! The Taiwanese popcorn chicken could be better but my friends did enjoy how their basil was perfectly crisp and used as their garnish.
I never come to Flushing but I heard good things about this little Taiwanese ramen shop. They had two TVs playing American TV and Taiwanese news, which was super reminiscent. It seems like a family runs this location, which is adorable. The woman at the register was very friendly. We had the popcorn chicken, dry noodles with shacha sauce, lu rou fan (not sure if it's on the menu, but it is THE dish I get when I go back to Taiwan, and it was incredible here), dumplings, wintermelon tea, and one of the noodle soups, which was incredible. The broth was amazing itself. Recommend!
Ramen is average- Gyu kotsu ramen was a let down as the beef was sparse and not very impressive.  Tonkotsu ramen was better, par with what you'd expect from other ramen joints.The side dishes were actually a pleasant surprise, with the marinated beef muscle and Taiwanese sausage a hit at our table.
Amazing place! Would definitely go back! Highly recommend the braided pork over rice!
I had spicy beef ramen. Love their beef broth and the frozen tofu.  Also their side dishes are very good...My daughters fight for the fried bun and marinated bean curd.    Hope they will open a store in Manhattan.
I won't say the ramen and the beef rice soup taste bad, they actually taste ok. However, the small portion that they give bothers me that's why I have to post this comment.Me as a young male that weight about 136 pounds, have to order at least two dishes to feel fulfilling, I ordered the spicy beef ramen for my wife and the beef rice soup for my wife. My wife didn't like her dish so I ate both, and still left feeling hungry and needs to find another place to stuff my stomachs.And that's $23!So I am not really satisfy, overall if they make the portion larger I would give a 4 star for the taste because it is actually quiet ok.One more thing, the duck blood doesn't taste like duck blood at all! It is more like pig blood. It is not soft, and has pig blood scents. I eat duck blood since childhood, there is no way that duck blood taste like that. If you have ordered the duck blood, you will understand what I mean.
Best Taiwanese food ever... great price and very authentic. Ordered 10 different dishes and none of them bad. Words cannot describe its deliciousness.
Had the Sheng Ramen and it was very delicious.  I agree that Sheng Ramen is not like a traditional Japanese ramen shop with stewed pork bone or shoyu broth, but this fusion Japanese/Taiwanese deserves some recognition.  The broth was spicy, flavorful, and had many different condiments within it.  Reminded me of a malaa tang. The duck blood was a nice touch and was not something I have had within a noodle soup before.  Also ordered a bowl of the spicy dumplings and it would have been a very good stand alone dish.  Overall, people complaining about the untraditional factors within this establishment miss the big point.  The restaurant is creating a niche for itself that attracts flavors from Taiwan and Japan.  Sheng Ramen is one of the few Flushing restaurants that is bringing innovation to the Flushing food scene.  This fact should be embraced and encouraged for future establishments.
Average Ramen, nothing special. The ramen, broth and dumplings were bland. This place is a dime a dozen.
We ordered the A1 and B1.   The A1 is their signature spicy soup noodle.  Beef is very fresh,  soup is very tasty, and the ramen is authentic Japanese ramen.The B1 is a dry spicy noodle.  If you like spicy then the B1 will not disappoint.   This is a very unique noodle shop.   I look forward to going again.
Ramen with a Taiwanese twist. Got the Gyu Katsu ramen but was rather disappointed in their broth. For 72 hours, there wasn't much thickness to the broth but got a gamey flavor instead. To mask this flavor, I ended up adding their spicy butter and some soy sauce and vinegar. Ramen had a good texture though and I appreciated the lime ice water. Their Taiwanese popcorn chicken was nicely flavored but nothing I haven't had before. Passable but not memorable.
The service here is very friendly and social. Then again my friend eats there a lot so they probably know him. The ramen is soaked in 72 hour and taste amazing. It is self seating and the water cooler is right there so you can get water whenever you want. It's small but quiet and has a friendly atmosphere about it
Yummy Taiwanese-style ramen noodles and other Taiwanese food staples such as braised pork over rice and mapo tofu over noodles will keep me coming back for more.  Try the iced red tea!! Simply delicious!
Decided to be adventurous and came here for lunch. To say the least, I wasn't disappointed. I got the Sheng Spicy Sauce Dry Ramen (B1) and it was delicious. Portions are good and for the price, the ramen is definitely worth it. If you live in the area or you are visiting, it's definitely worth dropping by!
I stopped by for lunch with my boys and we ordered the gyu kotsu ramen, dry ramen with spicy sauce and the rice with meat sauce.   All three were simply delicious.  The broth of the first ramen was flavorful and rich.  The spicy sauce delivered the heat and was bold. My picky four year old devoured the rice and meat sauce in minutes.  We ordered different noodles and more of the rice for takeout because it was that good!  The staff is friendly and efficient.  So happy we tried Sheng Ramen during the soft opening and can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  Oh and be sure to try their spicy butter
I got the Mabo tofu and it was solid. It hit the spot. Next time, I will get a noodle dish, because the ones my friends got looked amazing.
Fresh chewy noodles in yummy broth! YES!Spicy enough to satisfy my "spicy craving" YES!Food with fresh ingredients my little ones actually liked and ate! YES!-they ate up the soup ramen A4, rice with minced meat and boiled eggs. That's a winning combo any day!Definitely will be going back to try all the other things on the menu.
Today is their soft opening, it was a great success. The food that we had was delicious! We had Guy Kotsu Ramen, Braised beef and  vegetable Ramen, Sheng Ramen (their signature ramen), spicy beef ramen and steamed rice with meat sauce.
first time came here to try something new ramen was sooo disspoint at it first the cashier wasnt so not nice when im ordering i was order a beef bone noodle soup he give me the beef noodle soup i was like did i oder beef bone noodle？he say no u order beef noodle soup i say i was point at the picture front desk to order its ur problem made mistake order for me 。so can i change diff one？ no this already made u can not return ok fine can i get side order of beef bone then can u sell it？he say no we not sell beef bone alone u have buy the whole order wow i was like u made the mistake order ur not doing anything about it while ago i was eatting the noodle soup it was so salty not tradditonal ramen soup just like a satly chinese noodle soup i will never come here again look like they are a family store people who was figting in kitchen i front of dinning so rupe they dont care about the bussnines？once again DONT COME HERE EAT RAMEN BADDDDD TASTE
Great service, great food, love the ice tea and prices are unbelievable..
Love the fried squid head for appetizer!   The ramen is good, very good soup base!  The eggs in ramen are superb, always want to order one more!
The food tasted okay, but the portions are very very small. It is too expensive for what they give you. The menu selection is also quite limited. I kept saying to myself that I could have ate a much better meal at congee village downstairs.
I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The noodles are just ok, if you are looking for Taiwanese style beef noodles, this is not the place. Side dishes are just ok. Fried chicken and the cleanness of this place are the only two things that could count as good.
Food was ok, nothing special. This is a Chinese-owned establishment and cooked in Chinese/Taiwanese style. The menu looked promising and B1 (pre-set meal). Didn't enjoy their self-made drinks and thought it was odd. The noodles were alright and ranges around $9-16 a bowl. I am still not sure how I feel about the beef....its basically the same beef you get when you go to a Pho restaurant. Also, the quantity of the beef was small and I didn't feel full after my meal. I got hungry 30 minutes later and got some dumplings on Main street.
Five stars for the braised pork over rice. Excellent. One of the best I've had. Had the Taiwanese chicken and the spicy sheng ramen both good. Great Taiwanese fast food. Quick and tasty. Will be back.
not a bad place...its basically self serve - seat yourself, order at the counter, grab your own drinks. its nice bc you can do things at your own pace. i had the bone soup noodles with beef. its a decent portion size but presentation is lacking. i havent had a bone broth before so i cant say how well it compares to others. it isnt something memorable but its not bad either. they also have dry ramen which id like to try next time. the fried chicken app is good and the steamed/spicy dumplings arent so bad although i think i prefer the spicy one.
To be honest, I was a little disappointed. Based on the reviews and photos, I really thought the food would be very delicious so I went w a friend to try. However, the beef noodle soup was very plain. It's not tasty like Japanese ramen or Vietnamese pho. Whatever they called their ramen is just disappointing. Even the cucumber cold dish is plain. Won't go back again.
Finally had a chance to try out some Taiwanese Style Ramen last Sunday, Had the A4, Beef bone and ribs broth Ramen. I must say, I like it alot. Had also the Gyoza, and Fried Bun with Condensed Milk.  Price is fair, not bad.
noodles are aldente and the broth is very tasty. the beef topping is okay, i like the salty egg. place is really cozy too!
Great food, great staff, amazing clean environment. Imported teas are to die for. Very high quality of ramen, don't hesitate on anything!
Love this place!! The ramen is authentic and amazing. And the people are absolutely wonderful! So kind, attentive, and very friendly. I highly recommend this spot for anyone who likes ramen!
