Location: flushing. Place is clean and modern.  I came here simply because of yelp Wes' review. And I write my review to reconfirm how good this place is. If you are looking for a Chinese bbq place, this is the place!Food: had their potato noodle along with flavor everything, I was too full to walk off the restaurant. But I am happy: sauce is delicious, meat is fresh, flavor is spicy. And this is exactly what we had Chinese bbq in mainland. Oh dear, Price: not expensive if you split with others. Service: Chinese and English, they know it all. Overall: 5 starsssss
I'm so disappointed.  I had this place bookmarked because they were supposed to serve large premium skewers using real metal skewers.  But this turned out not to be the case.  Only two skewers came on metal.I went for an assortment of skewers and nothing really stood out.  The lamb one was $3 and was the best of the bunch, but also nothing impressive.  Most of the lamb was fat.  It had nice lamb flavor since there was so much fat on it, but the seasoning was lacking.  I was hoping for some spiciness, which was not there.Nothing else I tried ended up being good.  The chicken heart was tough.  The chicken feet were really dried up and difficult to eat.  The lamb tendon was cold.  Most items, even though they supposedly came freshly off the grill, seemed only lukewarm.  And everything was seasoned the same way, that is to say underseasoned and without any of the nice cumin flavor you get from the stands.In the end, it ended up costing me around $14 to try seven skewers.  The price wasn't bad, but the skewers were nothing special.  Maybe I just didn't order the right items, but I've had much better from the stands on the street.
Don't waste your time here, there's tons of great BBQ places in Flushing. I walked in and the lady told me it's only 20-30 minutes wait when in fact, it's 1hr and 30 minutes. I was on the line with other customers, and the lady supposed to call numbers by order, you know, like 1, 2, 3, 4, instead, she yelled, "who wants to sit at that table?" And let last person to arrived sit at the table. People got very furious and asked her what's the point of the stickers if she don't  call by the number order, etc. 20 minutes later, my number was called, but I have to share the tiny table with other customers? What? There's an empty table right there! I asked the lady and she said, "well, that's for 4 people. " then let two people who were after me sit at the table. I asked for an explanation and she tried so hard to lie about it, denying the fact. The food was very bland, not much flavor and the clam noodle has sands in it. Disgusting.
Lots of variety of food, skewer pot, pig's brain, spicy crawfish, Wang Zai hot milk are must tried. Service is a little too slow, places are too crowded and noisy with no privacy, people lining up next to your table as they watch you eat. Other than that, food taste good, great place for friends gathering.
Authentic 串儿 place!! Soooo good. Two of us came for the first time and were pretty amazed by the selection. I loved the eggplant / AA菜 / lamb and beef tendon skewers. Make sure you specify the spicy level! It is also very easy to get much food without noticing. We were super full afterwards and saw a lot of people waiting for the seat at the door. With that said, plan ahead for the wait. We came at 5:30 for a Saturday dinner.
Came here on a Wednesday afternoon around 4:30PM. The restaurant was a bit empty since it opens at 4PM. The staffs are very polite and they have a good menu selection. We ordered skewers, the skewer hotpot and the spicy stir fry clams. Skewers: very good! We ordered beef, chicken, chicken wings, squid legs and fish tofu. They were all very good, no complaints. Skewer hot pot: this is where I took off the 1 star. It's a cool concept to have a hot pot version of skewers, but I prefer the skewer to be grilled. The broth lacks flavor, and things kept falling into the soup base as we try to take the skewer out. It will be a pass for me. For $30, I would rather get more skewers. Spicy stir fry clams: I wouldn't pay $14 (I think) for this dish again. It has a slime texture to it, and the clams itself is very small, too small for my taste. It also lacks flavor. Overall, I will come back again for the skewers, but I'll pass on the hotpot and clams.
Review For Friendship BBQ October 27th 2017:DELICIOUS Xinjiang Skewers! Found this "hole in the wall" restaurant while walking down on Union St with a friend looking for a quick bite on a  Friday night, and boy is it a gem! Even though the place was packed, we managed to secure one of the last tables and were quickly seated and provided with drinks, complimentary peanuts, and menus. From hotpot to chinese-style cold dishes, their menu was pretty extensive. However, my eyes were on those BBQ skewers. Meat & Seafood BBQ typically will cost you $1.5-3 each depending on how many you get. They also sell their skewers in 10 to 30-count quantities. Just keep in mind that the portions for each skewer are larger than you may think! And for those of you considering just buying a skewer from one of those roadside stands, let me tell you that every bite was well worth the price!!My friend and I ended up ordering Shrimp, their Signature Xinjiang Lamb Skewers, Chicken, Shrimp, and Squid Skewers. All skewers came out piping hot and ready to eat. Lamb skewers blew me away: huge chunks of meat sizzling in a Cumin/Szechuan - like spice rub, delicious and probably downed that skewer in less than a minute. Other skewers were fairly decent in flavor as well. Skewers were slightly on the spicy side so it was perfect for a cold Friday night.Other than that, I didn't really mind the decor: it was pretty standard, but the ambience was just right to satisfy my cravings for xinjiang-style skewers!
The food here mostly consists of meats and vegetables etc. bbq on skewers. The food is pretty tasty and we enjoyed it. It wasn't exceptional or anything crazy but it was enjoyable. When we went there wasn't too many people here and the service was pretty good. The servers were attentive and quite nice. Our food also came out quite fast which is a plus.My favorite skewer here was the xinjiang lamb skewers. Very tender and juicy! It's $3 per skewer and very big. The normal lamb skewers are $2 and I felt it wasn't as good as the xinjiang style ones. The texture of the meat wasn't as good.Also I recommend the enoki mushrooms and eggplant! They were very delicious. The egg fried rice is also a good combo with the meats. The price here isn't cheap though. It's about $2 for most of the skewers and the price can add up.
1. They have a post in shop which says there would be lottery every month if you follow their WeChat account. But they never publish the lottery number.It seems like they are using this to cheat customers to follow their WeChat.2.Bad service! People jump the queue but they just let them in.
This is a very decent Chinese BBQ place in Flushing area.  It gets packed fast during dining hours, and they won't seat ppl until everyone is there.The oysters and giant clams were fresh & delicious.  Most of the meat skewers were quite tasty as well.  The only negative was there was gas taste to a few specific items, since it wasn't cooked with charcoal.They have more than just BBQ and we will definitely go back to try!
First time here the food was amazing , prices even better , service was fast , let me say this if you ever had Korean BBQ you're in for a treat There skewers are amazing Def try the chicken and the lamb ones !Beef soup is also great Will def come here again with more people !
Super crowded and hot. Flavor is good... BUT I had food poison within the two hour stay there. There is only one bathroom and ppl are waiting. Its embarrassing. Not coming back.
Oh man, is this place legit or what?  Don't bother with the hotpot, just go for the grilled meats, much more flavorful and the sauces/seasonings were on point.  The menu might seem a little intimidating with all the options, but just order a little of everything, there really wasn't anything that was meh or terrible.  Aside from the BBQ stuff, the cucumber and cayenne peppers were fantastic side dishes.  Just be careful with the cayenne peppers, it is no joke how spicy they are.  If you can't handle spicy stuff, this will literally incapacitate you.  The beer tower is an amazing value if you're going with a group of people.Little miffed as a Korean that they label the soju on the menu as sake... c'mon man...But that won't stop me from going back, will probably try some of the non-BBQ stuff next time.  Probably one of the tastiest meals I've had in New York.
It's the simple things in life that makes it all worthwhile. IMO good food and even better company would suffice.The evergrowing competition in Flushing makes it difficult for businesses to keep their heads above water, so when we stumbled upon this place jammin late night, we knew there must be something we're missing out.  Service 4/5English friendly. Wait time for 10:30pm Friday night was 15min. Be sure to grab your number so you don't loose your place in line. Young, energetic, vibrant servers knowledgeable in the menu items, another plus to this visit.Spicy crawfish 3.5/5Mundane crawfish stirfry. I would save my appetitie for the real thing.The star of the show was the Xinjiang Lamb skewers 5/5, with huge chunks of lamb and seasoned to perfection.  Forget the bamboo sticks, they wrapped these meat cubes in tree branch which might be for the show, or might help accenturate the flavor of the meat. I have to say, the execution of the lamb was superb, big chunks of lamb can easily mask the flavor and be too gamey for my taste, but their secret to this perfection is zero gamey, yet soft chewy, perfect for my palate. To cut to the chase, order yourself some XinJiang Lamb skewers, your tummy would thank you. Rec: The meat bbq skewers.
It's a perfect place for late night food (4PM-3AM) or for friend/family gathering (to share food).I have been here twice and have tried most of its signature items. *Skewer Hot Pot* I like the diversity of the skewers: it includes beef tripe, beef, shrimp, quail egg, fish tofu, fried tofu curd, Chinese cabbage, fish ball, corn, mushroom and seaweed. The taste of the broth is not the most impressive part though. *Szuchuan Grilled Fish*Had this twice, what I enjoy is the taste of spices. However, the grilled fish tasted like fried fish; more vegetables would also be great. My friends were "fighting" for the few pieces of lotus and green vegetables. *Xinxiang Special Lamb Skewer*This is what Friendship BBQ famous for. The lamb tasted fresh to me, without the odd smell of lamb. I would assume that they marinate the meat very well. There are also some seafood items on the menu, it's hit or miss. For people who like the grilled, seasoned style, this is for you. For people who like the original freshness of seafood, you probably won't like this style as much as steamed seafood.I may come back again if my friends are craving for it, but I may not initiate another dinner here since overall it's still a bit salty and a bit too loud in my opinion.
THIS IS A HOLE IN THE WALL! Which is surprising because they are always jammed pack! When I came here, I just shared seats with someone because it was quick. The grilled meat skewers are amazing in every way! Food here is price pretty reasonable. Tbh actually the price here and cart prices are about the same. I would watch out what I order tho! Some of the dishes are a hit or miss. Overall, food and service are pretty quick. Definitely would come back!
I've came here twice in the past month to difference experiences.  I loved the restaurant the first time due to a combination of great service and delicious food, meanwhile, the second experience was bit of a let down due to the lackluster service, although the food was still pretty good.  Here are some of the items we've tried:Spicy Hot Pot with 30 skewers - the first time we came, I've asked the waiter whether we can substitute any items and he said we can substitute anything we want with the caveat that the items in group A would be pricier.  We ended up not doing any substitutions so that we can try all of 13 items.  We found out that we only like a few of the items, such as the tripe, beef, quail eggs and the fish tofu, all of which were in Group A.  When we came the second time, we asked if we can only get items from group A and pay extra if necessary.  However, the waiter emphatically said no substitutions.  It was a bit annoying that the two waiters were contradicting each other, particularly since the menu has listed the a la carte prices for each skewers.  Overall, this dish is a great deal, however most of the items were just not very good, particularly the corn (they use the starchy kind of corn and is just mushy), the seaweed knot and the vegetable rolls (which is just scallions wrapped in tofu skin).  We ended up throwing out 1/3 of the skewers, which was a waste.  I don't think I would order this again unless they allow you to tailor it as you wish and just charge a la carte prices.Grilled skewers:Xinjiang Special Lamb - the best skewer here!  It is the most expensive meat skewer, but oh so worth it.  It comes on a gigantic tree branch looking skewer and the meat is seasoned to perfection.  Moreover, I love the perfect balance of fattiness of the lamb. This is hand's down my favorite lamb skewer in Flushing.Gizzard - second favorite, although they ran out of it the second time we came.  The gizzards were grilled to the perfect amount of chewiness.Other skewers we've tried included the squid, fish tofu, sausage, pork skin and beef tendon, all of which were well seasoned and cooked.We've also tried the stir fried string beans, which was super salty for my taste, but the rest of my group loved it and finished the whole dish.The price here is reasonable with each skewer averaged around $1.5, which is what the typical skewer trucks parked around Flushing charges.  It is a great deal to be able to sit in a restaurant and enjoy delicious skewers for the same price as you would get from food trucks.  The only drawdown has been the inconsistent service.  As I mentioned, our first experience was impeccable, the servers came by to check on us, refilled our water glasses, made sure we cooked the hot pot properly, etc.  In comparison, our second experience was extremely lacking.  The hot pot over flowed and spilled the boiling hot soup all over the table.  We had to flag down the waiter to give us extra napkins.  We helped our waiter to clean up the mess, but he just left the dirty napkins on the table, which was a bit of a turn off.  Moreover, it was difficult to get their attention to refill our water, as well as to order extra items.  Perhaps they were short-handed during our second visit.  Overall, I think the food trumps the inconsistent service and would definitely come back again.
Came here to try this place out on a Friday night. The place was packed but we managed to be seated after about 15 minutes. We order sausage, beef, lamb, tendons, jelly fish, mackerel, and crawfish. Everything was delicious and definitely did not disappoint. The beer were also inexpensive. The only thing was we wanted to order a pitcher of beer but was told that it will not be cold so we ended up ordering individual bottles. I wouldn't recommend the jelly fish dish. It was not worth the price. Overall, I really enjoy how casual this place is. I would definitely return to try the rest of the menu. For the four of us the bill came out to about $100.
Best Chinese skewer BBQ in town for sure!People who work here is very nice, they don't rush you to finish. Or, hand you the check before you finish. I believe I've come here at least 6times last months. It's a place where you can enjoy the authentic BBQ while chatting with friends or having a late bite after long working day. They also have a private room in the back it's available for 14 people I think.
took well over an hour to drive here from newport NJ. but that xinjiang lamb skewer made the trip worth it. in hindsight, i would have skipped ordering the other skewers and small dishes and devoured more of the lamb. so reminiscent of cold wintry nights in northern china.
BBQ so goodService SOOOOO BADHence the 3 starsWe waited for an hour Then they ran out of lamb!!!! Like WAAAAHT?!
Solid and fairly authentic Chinese BBQ in Flushing. This place can be really great with a group of people with their large menu and drinks too. Might be the best Chinese BBQ I've had in NYC. Definitely come here if you are looking for something a little more authentic.
Authentic Northeastern China style street food and regional foods!!! Guaranteed! So I went there earlier with eight friends. And ordered a whole lot table of food. Really enjoyed it. You can get as noisy as you want with beer, BBQ, grilled goods, and northeastern style pickled cabbage hot pot with pork belly, and the best crawl fish in a long while.Dining over there makes me feel like tele-porting me to a summer night having street food and beer and chattering at a little BBQ stand. So nostalgic.
I don't trust yelp with 4 star reviews anymore unless they are over 300 -500 reviews ! Almost every place recently that I trusted from yelp reviews have disappointed. This place has good looking picture but please don't let them deceive your eyeballs ! Please ! The quality of meat here is a 1/10. The spicy broth may look good but tastes absolutely gross.
Really doesn't taste good there.  Ordered the $30 for 30 skewer hotpot.  It was the worst skewers ever. Some of the skewers has only two tiny cabbage and the black mushroom was so mushy.  The soup base was horrible.  Definitely a rip-off item to order there.
If you have a Chinese tongue then this is not the place for you. I feel like there are probably better places in flushing. The grilled fish was pretty average, the grilled eggplant tasted like plum sauce, and the sesame oil duck tongue was not so fresh.
A friend recommended me the place. Average $30-$40 per person. Highly recommend northeast pork bones, Tsingtao beer, lamb BBQ, tendons BBQ, eggplants.The spicy pot which cost $30 was not that good.
This place is legit. Wife is from northern China, and we've been all over to the skewer places in LA. They have their spice down, and meat is cooked very well.Side dishes are pretty good too. May be a little different than other places but everything was tasty and fast. Open late too.
Great hot pot / BBQ place in Flushing. Good selection of both. Good food quality. Not the biggest place, and sometimes a bit of a wait.
The food is ok but the staff aren't very lively and it takes a long time for them to notice you if you want something. The food is also not really fresh either but the seasonings are the best!
I asked the waiter to bring my high chair for my baby the moment that I enter the restaurant , and they didn't bring me right away. After a little while I asked them again, and they told me that some other customers ask for it and they only have one which they came after me. I told them I ask first, and they gave me excuse like I don't think you daughter can fit in. I told them I'm sure my daughter can fit in, so they finally brought it to me.My daughter spilled some of her cookies on the floor and the waiters came and complain to me which they can just dust it with broom real quick. All the restaurants I went, this is the first restaurant that would complain to me for which a baby would do really normal. None of other restaurants had ever complain to me before for things like this, and I usually would tip them good because of this!Finally come the best part that we asked not to put spice on the grilled whole egg because it's for my daughter and they said ok, but when the food came it was cover with lots of pepper and the grilled whole egg was the size of my finger (same length and think). It tasted like rubber bend. The $3 banana was literally grilled banana with some sesame on top of it. The grilled chicken we ordered was not even cut. The pork intestine was like all fat and soft till the point I only took one bit and never touch it again. The $16 lamb soup was soup with lamb meat that is only like a few dices in it........ The whole time me and my friend were laughing because we never see food that is so unbelievable horrible like this, so we check out and went to a dessert place right away.......
The place is bad, the service is no good. Don't come, $$$pricy and you be disappointed : (
this is a great place with north-eastern style of hotpot and bbq. as a vegetarian i was delighted when i found out they had bbq vegetarian balls i was estatic. i also loved the eggplant and sourcabbage, great flavours and as its awesome that i didnt feel left out despite that im vegetarian since most bbq optios are carnivorious. would come back again for the sour cabbage hot pot.
Authentic Chinese BBQ excellent food and service, Menu price is fair, variety of drinks, I would definitely recommend it, remember to bring few friend to enjoy the food and the atmosphere, is a great way to experience traditional Chinese culture
The food presentation was just as amazing as the taste. I recommend the oyster and the eggplant dish. The only flaws I found were that the wait time in between the dishes were extremely long. I'm talking at least 15 min because of how busy it is.
I like to eat this BBQ.The taste I love  the service is very good and will come again next time.
The food is delicious but be aware that there usually is a long wait, tiny space, and one bathroom stall for everyone which was dirty when I had to use it. For the food, I recommend the garlic eggplant and grilled sesame buns- simple but deliciously charred.
The food was average, but the experience was terrible. I ended up to pay 30% tips because the waiters and the manager were nice, but the waitress in there made me sooo embarrassed, she had bad attitude and very unhappy face, and didn't apologize for what she did, kept arguing, arguing... I don't think I will ever go back to this place again if she still works, never tell friends to go.
terrible service, we wait for a long time for filling up water. It cost too much time for waiting this night, and the food is just okay, not such fantastic as ad shows.
This place is not cheap. The special beef stick that they claimed is Kobe beef serving for $1each was super tiny. There were like 4 tiny little meat hanging on the sticks only. We ordered BBQ food and the taste was okay...a lot of cumins and peppers. The sautéed conch was terrible. I am pretty sure it was frozen conch and it felt like eating rubber band.
The attitude of waitress is soooo bad. We have waited outside for about half hour for a table but the waitress skip our reservation by stupid reason. I would not go to this restaurant any more.
Love love this place, the decoration, the food and the overall ambiance. The place is packed and waited for 30 minutes to be seated, it was bearable especially the skewers are just so so good. The eggplant is to the point i terms of moisture and garlic, the lamb is excellent :) would come back to this place again.
If you want some great meat skewers then this is a place you don't wanna miss. I gotta say if you want to try the best meat in the store order the item call ahn-tsu-on or basically bbq baby chicken. Sound horrendous but don't hate it before you try it. I thought it sounded cruel and unusual as well but after I tried it goddamn did I fall in love. The baby chicken was so tender and juicy that you can taste the juice flowing out. It as sauced and flaked greatly so that every bite you take is savory and heaven like. With each bite you'll want more and more until you realize there's none left! This baby chicken thing is a meat to die for. Definitely try it out. The lamb meat skewers are average.. Kinda fatty in my opinion. Sometimes you would get huge chunks of fat in your mouth and that's just plain nasty. I also ordered fish tofu, string bean, cold chicken, which basically all just taste average. Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star is cuz of that baby chicken. Goddamn that was good. Oh don't order the noodles, it's bland even tho it looks spicy. You can try it, but I can't promise you'll like it.
Frozen clams, dry BBQ, one restroom, ingredients not fresh, service is alright. Another young and popping place after midnight that serves less then average BBQ and sautéed spicy dishes that comes out warm.
If you are deciding between this and Shang Shang woman, and wondering if it's worth the wait, I am telling you it is. The food is great, service fast and waitress are very responsive and professional. Definitely will come again.
This is the perfect spot for a late night meal since they don't close until 3 AM most nights. My boyfriend and I ordered the hot pot skewers, beef skewers, and chicken skewers. The hot pot skewer deal comes out with a gas grill with the pot of uncooked skewers. It takes about 5 minutes to cook everything. We enjoyed the variety of the hot pot skewers and the taste of the spicy broth itself. However, there are just some items that come with the 30$ hot pot skewer deal that we did not like. If you know what you like, then we recommend just ordering what you like. If you don't know what you like and just want to experience something, then order the 30$ hot pot skewer deal. Disclaimer: not everyone likes skewers in hot pot broth; some may prefer grilled skewers. The chicken skewer was average, but the beef skewer was good. The servers were fast, attentive, and super sweet. They do have a button on the side of the wall to call your server to your table. Expect to pay around 15-30$ per person.
I came here twice in the last month. the food was great, especially the bone marrow , coming out all hot and ready to be eaten. My favorite was the lamb skewer and the chives. I will visit here again. Make sure to call to reserve a table , the wait here are long.
Waited 1.5 hours to get our table but once we got our table the food came pretty fast actually. We were able to finish everything we ordered under an hour lol. Portions of everything are pretty descent we had a lot left overs and the cumin crescent bones are the best thing on the menu. Definitely recommend to y'all.
I was at Friendship BBQ with my cousin last Friday.  The food here mostly consists of meat and vegetable skewers either they cook them for you in BBQ style or you can cooked them in the spicy broth yourself.   We got there around 6pm and got seated right away since the place was not packed yet and we were so glad that we got there early because by the time that we left, which was 2 something hours later, there was a line waiting outside. The food was tasty, the BBQ skewers are all very well seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Highly recommend the eggplants, the lamb BBQ and the tendon BBQ as well as the Edamame with boiled peanuts. Would definitely come back here again.
fried noodle sooooo bad.pork intestine smelly no good .and undercooked.anyway the BBQ  is bad
Came for the bone soup but they ran out at 6pm.... all the BBQ sticks are bland. Doesn't even have the BBQ taste.  Sorry but I will not return again.  Would rather spend money at those street vendors. Gave 2 stars because the edamame was decent.
Great food... the oysters, roasted eggplant, and cucumber salad... outstanding!  Excellent informed waitstaff was generous with information for first timers. Thank you and we look forward to returning soon
Authentic Chinese BBQ place.Very nice staff.Price is fair.Lot of variety for drinks.Definitely recommended.
Amazing!!! I have tried this kind of barbecue several times before.  But I don't want to go anywhere else except for Friendship BBQ now!!!
Located in downtown Flushing. And the service was friendly also the food was fantastic. This restaurant are making traditional Chinese BBQ. As you can find a lot Chinese BBQ in Flushing but this one is the best for my opinion.
Highly recommend place for BBQ. The food there is great and very tasty and with reasonable price!
Great food! Extremely busy... went at 9pm waited a while but worth it. The food is spicy but amazing. I had the special lamb which was my favorite.... very quick service!
Came here around mid night, and it was busy. Don't not order their draft beer, so flat. Craw fish was definitely not fresh at all, it's crawfish season you would assume they will get their live crawfish daily from the local supermarket. Grill squid is average, but I really like their grilled fish and the  big red stick Lamb is absolutely amazing, a must get. The egg flavor is good, but I think it's worth the price you pay for.
It's the good place to eat Chinese BBQ！the food really fresh and delicious also the price is very reasonable！
It's the real northeast BBQ taste ! Eggplant and the special Garlic oyster are really good ! Good place to go especially they open till 3 am
I like the spicy clams. The BBQ is not as good as BBQ cart outside, but more expensive than BBQ cart. And the skewer hot pot, very salty but no spicy. And my beef back straps were cold when they put on my table. Very disappointed and expensive, won't come again.
Taste soooo good !!!  I want to be here every week ! There oysters are biggest I ever seen
