The best jelly fish (海蜇皮）and fermented rice soup （酒酿圆子）ever!   They gave us free soup dumplings and fermented rice soup.  Tips: their entrees are more expensive but appetizers and street food is more reasonable.  Next time I will focus on those. The service is super fast and attentive.  I was pleasantly surprised by how efficient and attentive they were but yet we didn't feel rushed.  They got it nailed down!!!!
I have a mean habit of not reviewing my go-to spots. When one visit becomes two, then three, then 10... there's just simultaneously too much and not enough to say.Here's what I can say about Shanghai You Garden (which doesn't feel like enough, but is likely too much):- They make some of my favorite 小籠包 (soup dumplings) in the city. No, it's not consistent - some days the skin is thicker, some days the broth is blander. But they've been great a solid 60% of the time, which is all we can really hope for: flavorful filling, tender wrappers, dangerously hot and quivering with gelatin. For those of you who rate Nan Xiang (yelp.com/biz/nan-xiang-x…) or Joe's Shanghai (yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…) higher, go home and think about what you've done.- If your table spends $10+ (easy), you get a free basket of six soup dumplings - weekends, weekdays, ANY TIME! This is an amazing deal for their signature food, and has been in effect since they opened. You don't even have to ask, they just bring it. This means 2 people can eat a tasty meal for $15... total. Insane.- The cold appetizers should not be ignored. 夫妻非片 (sliced beef and stomach in chili oil) is better elsewhere, but my favorite here is 雪菜毛豆豆乾 (edamame and snow vegetable with bean curd tossed in sesame oil).- The breakfast items are unfortunately not worth your time. The 油條 (fried dough stick), sweet soy milk, scallion pancake - none are the best they can be. The scallion pancake with sliced beef (牛肉捲餅) was plain bad, with dense, greasy bread and practically no beef. Some of their noodle soups, namely the curry beef vermicelli soup, have been a waste of stomach space as well.This little restaurant is busy, and only getting busier. I used to arrive at 11am on a weekend and not have to wait. Now, no matter the time, weekend waits stretch at least 20-30 minutes. On the plus side, they have a system all worked out to accurately guess waittimes and shuttle people into tables in an orderly fashion. Make sure your entire party is present, or you will not be seated. Once seated, the staff are polite and efficient but don't rush you. Shanghai You Garden is not perfect, and is rarely mindblowing. It is, however, pretty reliable and rarely disappoints. I would tolerate a half hour wait to eat here again - and that's saying a lot.
I go there a lot... like over 20 times. Whenever I come alone or with a friend or two, we always order simple dishes: scallion oil noodle, scallion pancake, veggie dumplings and once u order more than $10, soup dumplings are always on the House. How nice!Whenever we come in a big group, we order big dishes, like pork stew, fried fish, fish head soup. All delicious :)Come early and always expect the wait...
Good food, busy as hell, pricing is strange and the force free stuff upon you. Portions are sorta small, maybe that is why.We got the crab and pork dumplings, snow peas and garlic, rice cakes with pork, and soy sauce duck. They forced upon us pork dumplings... And they came first of course.The flavors were good overall. The duck was a lot of fat, but very tasty meat... For 7 bucks, a good choice. The peas and garlic were 16 bucks. No really, 16. Everything else was priced as we expected.This place has a system. You wait 20 minutes or so, but review the menu and order while you wait.Once you sit, the food just appears out of nowhere. It's a good system.Good place overall.
My favorite restaurant in Flushing! Come early, like before 11:30am to avoid the long wait. Came here countless times. Dim sum is better than main courses, I think. Authentic Shanghainese cuisine. Soybean products are my favorite. Any noodle, rice, sticky rice are awesome too. Orders above $10 also come with half-dozen xiao long bao for free. Great deal. Thumb up! You can also get take out for cheaper price at the store across the street. It's a small food court called 88 #%€£... (I forget the exact name)
Absolutely my favorite Shanghainese restaurant by far!!! I've been here a handful of times now and I've never had a bad experience. A lot of reviews say that there is a long wait here, but it all depends on the time of the day you go I guess since I've only had to wait once and it was only a 15 minute wait. The restaurant opens at 8am and closes at 11pm daily.Note that this is a cash only restaurant as well.First of all, I have to say something about their menu. It's great. They offer a picture of every item on the menu, which also makes everything on it seem extremely appetizing and appealing to the eye. The food is very inexpensive. You can get a whole meal for less than $10 a person. Not to mention, they offer a complimentary order of soup dumplings when you spend over $10 or with a Yelp check in. The dishes are large in portion in my opinion. I can never finish my food whenever I come here. Some of my favorites here are the:Sweet Soy Bean Curd ($1.50): The portion is HUGE. The ratio of the honey/sugar and bean curd is perfect. I always order this when I come for breakfast/lunch cause it's so worth it!!Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($4.95): The portion is also huge for $5. The Scallion pancake is crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. It comes with thin slices of beef on the inside with a sauce (I think it's hoisin sauce) and scallion. It's perfect to be shared and a great appetizer. Cold Shanghai Special Chicken ($6.95): This is a cold appetizer. I believe it's a quarter of a chicken and it comes with a side of a sweet soy sauce. I usually order the hainese chicken when I go out to eat malaysian and that dish is normally warm. The chicken is tender and the sauce that comes with it really compliments it. Watercress Dumplings ($3.95): I love watercress dumplings when I go get dimsum so I gave it a shot on one of my visits to Shanghai You Garden. You would've thought that for $4, you are getting a regular dimsum portion of dumplings, but I kid you not, these dumplings are on steroids. The skin of the dumplings are chewy and the dumpling itself is packed with watercress and shrimp, bursting with flavor. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice. The interior decor is very authentic and Chinese. The service is extremely quick. The one time I had to wait, the waitress took my order while I was in line and within 5 minutes I got seated, my food came out. This is now my goto Shanghainese restaurant!
Free XLB and dessert! I didn't even know this deal was going on when I first came here some few months ago with my boyfriend. We ordered an array of dishes along with and order of XLB, and the waiter asked me to clarify whether or not I wanted one or two orders of XLBs, cause one was free! What a sweet surprise that cut our bill to just $20 (with a ton of food we ended up doggy bagging)! Everything was delicious and as expected, and it came pretty darn close to Nan Xiang (my absolute favorite Shanghainese restaurant) just a few blocks away.I recently just came back with my sister, for the free XLB deal. We ordered scallion pancakes, Shanghai shiu mai, Shanghai fried udon, and an order of XLB. This time, though, I feel like the quality of food was lower. The dishes were a lot more oily than the first time I went and the portions, at least for the udon, were smaller. They also brought over two orders of XLB, though I expected just one free order. Our waiter this time didn't clarify whether or not I wanted two which he should have...I mean how can two tiny little girls finish that much food?? Kinda disappointed in that, but I can also see how it was my fault for not being the one to clarify. Overall, great Shanghainese restaurant, it's always packed so don't be surprised if you have to wait, and awesome place to check out for a budget meal!
Are you looking for a cheap dinner with good portions?? Then you are in for a real treat! Tucked away in Main Street flushing is this little restaurant. It gets extremely crowded if you go later than 7 because come on.. check in and you get a free order of steamed xiao long bao?!! WHAT IS THIS SOCERY!! The restaurant is narrow and long so there isn't a lot of space in between the tables so don't be afraid to get intimate. The prices on the menu are also too good to beat!Tip: Order the xiao long bao once you sit because you never know how many people ordered and how long it will take. Food ordered:1) Regular and crab meat xiao long bao - I usually don't eat crab meat but surprisingly this place cooks the broth and meat really wellBut I can't really compare to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao because the skin is a lot tougher and thicker. 2) Shanghai pan fried noodles - You can skip this.. the entree came out cold and dry3) Noodles with beef and peppers - This dish had great portions and was really good compared to the shanghai pan fried noodles. 4) Big soup dumpling - It was so small and disappointing... you can really skip this I wouldn't rave about this place but if you are looking for a quick fix in flushing and trying to ball on a budget, this is the place for you. Because everything my friend and I ordered was under $30!
Bf and I was circling around Flushing for about 30mins looking for street/lot parking.  We were going to give up and leave when we spotted someone pull out of a spot.  I was so glad that we didn't leave because Shanghai You Garden xiao long bao was some of the best that we had.  Well worth the wait.We got there around 2:30pm for a late lunch and the restaurant was still packed with a line out the door; we waited 15mins.  The waiter gave us a menu and took our order as we were waiting.What we ordered:Hot soy milk $1.50 - it's been a while since I've gone to a Shanghainese restaurant and I was so surprised when the waiter brought over a large bowl of soy milk.  For a second I thought they had given us someone else's soup order.  The soy milk was fresh and slightly sweeten.Scallion pancake with beef $4.95 - the pancake was doughier and sweeter than I was used too.  The best part was that it wasn't overly fried and saturated in oil. There wasn't much scallion on the pancake. It was ok, not bad.  Decent portion.Pork xiao long bao $5.75 -  soo good!  The XLB was much plumper and had more soup than the ones I've had from other restaurants.  We burned our tongues slurping the soup, but continued eating anyway :)Crab xiao long bao $6.75 - We're getting 2 orders of this next time! Decent amount of crab-pork filling ratio and didn't have a strong fishy flavor. I can't wait to dine here again and to try some of the other dishes.
Great food and service and decent prices but they only take cash. Quite a few different options to choose from and nice turnip cakes! Good soup dumpling and nice scallion pancake with and without beef. Good soy milk too, you can also require to less it less sweetened. A few spots but always crowded but usually not too long of a wait. Opens from 8am to 11pm everyday so it's great! Pretty convenient with a couple different bus stops and 7 train at walking distance. Love the place and will definitely be going back and highly recommend! Promise you will not be disappointed, in fact, you will regret for not checking it out!
The place is popular and line is quite long. I came early to try their food and see what the rave is about . The staff is overwhelmed but attentive to a certain point. Since I'm not familiar with their menu, waiter explained the dishes that were unfamiliar. Delicious to the last bite .  Food quality is 5 star but service can definitely improve by adding more staff. Great experience overall.
Had me at 1 free order of pork dumplings when you check in! Food was amazing! We came pretty late, they were closing in about 45 minutes.. didn't feel rushed at all. Food was very very good. I will be suggesting this place to friends and family
Really cheap and authentic Shanghainese food here! ESP since you get free XLB pork soup dumplings if you order more than $10 worth of food. We came here on a Saturday afternoon and waited 20-25mins for 3 ppl. Also cash only! Beware to not order too much because the food is really filling and each order of bao/dumpling has at least 6+ pieces. I would say my favorite dishes would have to be the red bean puff pastry (they also have turnip cake filling) and the pan fried pork buns. They were our spontaneous orders and turned out to be surprisingly really good.
Saw Mike chen here! Whoa.Anyways I wasn't going to review this place but something happened that made me have to say something.My friend wanted hot pepper sauce, and asked the waiter. He said ok, then came back and gave us black pepper in a shaker. My friend said, no we want hot pepper, and the guy said "that's all we have!" and walked away before we could respond. The fuck!? Super rude. It was a tall guy with swept back short hair and glasses. Hey, screw you dude. We don't need your shit attitude.Could've been a 4 star, but his bad attitude ruined it for me. Hope the manager reads this and tells him to shape up... Rude af.
First time at this restaurant and it definitely won't be my last! Came here for dinner on a Saturday night around 8pm and it was packed. We waited around 20-25 minutes before we got seated which wasn't too bad of a wait. While we waited, we got a chance to look over the menu and put in our order so that by the time we sat down our food was ready.My friend and I ordered the Steamed Crab Meat Pork Buns, Steam Pork Buns, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Pan Fried Noodles with Beef and the Soup Filled Bun. And get this... they offer a complimentary order of the soup dumplings when you spend over $10!! What a steal!! Sadly by the time we were seated they were sold out of the Soup Filled Buns (I WILL BE BACK FOR YOU!!). So here's the breakdown of the food:The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef was delicious! The pancake was crispy on the outside and paired with the sauce and the thin slice of beef was a great combo! This would be a great option if you're looking for an appetizer. The Pan Fried Noodles with Beef was a bit too oily for my preference, but nonetheless it was still good.Lastly, both orders of the soup dumplings really hit the spot! By the time we were finished with this we have fallen into a massive food coma. My overall experience here was positive. The service was quick and the overall ambiance was nice. Can't wait to go back to try out other items on the menu!
Went here for a quick dinner before a concert...friends were in the mood for Xiao long bao (soup dumplings)... not a very big place, so if you have a big party, best to make reservations. we had a party of 5 for dinner and ordered a couple of crab and pork soup dumplings, noodle dishes, scallion pancake and dessert.  Dishes are not too big so if you are hungry, make sure you order a couple of dishes.  Busy during the prime time dinner hour, so best to order fast as it may take time for the food to come out esp the dumplings. Reasonable cheap eats for dinner in Flushing.
This place is the only place that makes the large soup dumpling for an affordable price $3! Where can you find that others than this place?!!! The skin of the soup dumpling is thicker than the one I had before but still good for the price. They give free pork soup dumpling when you buy up to $10 stuff (no need to check in). The Beef pancake was so good (the sauce they put was tasty)
So nostalgic of Shanghai. Named after YuYuan Garden, this Shanghainese restaurant had so many of my favorite dishes from the motherland. I wish I had the stomach to eat everything. There's also a current promo going on where you can get a free tier of pork xiao long bao soup dumplings for free with $10 dine in purchase. You don't even have to check in, they will just bring it out with your meal. We also got a big bowl of 酒釀 glutinous rice dessert soup at the end. What a bonus! The staff was efficient but like any other Chinese restaurant, don't expect them to be super friendly and catering to your needs. The food, however, is fantastic. Here's some things I ordered:烤麸 Kao Fu Bean Gluten - One of my all time favorite cold appetizer dishes. It is slightly sweet and juicy. It has wheat gluten cubes, shiitake mushrooms, black fungus, bamboo shoots and this yellow flower veggie that is wonderful. You Garden makes it pretty good. Legit Shanghainese style.素雅 Su Ya - Different than how it usually comes as layers of tofu skin. This restaurant makes it more like a veggie patty. My friend also got veggie dumplings and they looked handmade, not frozen.小笼包 soup dumplings - We got the crab and were given the free pork ones. The crab meat ones were delicious. Thin layer of skin with a hearty portion of pork and crab inside. One bite and a big mouthful of soup comes out. They mix tiny pieces of ginger into the filling to make it less fishy, which is my only complaint cause I hate ginger. Other than that, it was great. Stir fry snow pea tips - Not a very big portion and a little heavy on the oil but the veggies were very tender and clean.猪脚黄豆汤 Pig feet yellow bean soup - Healthy and good for you. Pig's feet is full of collagen, good for your skin. This is a rich flavored soup and I love the soft yellow beans.This place is definitely giving Joe Shanghai and Nan Xiang Xiao Long a run for their money. Good competitor.
A nice spot to eat out with friends.Be aware that you will not be seated until your full party has arrived! In the waiting area, you can watch the chefs make the XLBs and there are many choices of delicious cold appetizers out front as well. So look around and choose as you're waiting!My 2 friends and I ordered 2 orders of steamed pork buns. Any orders over $10 comes with one free order of steamed pork buns, so we got one per person. Additionally, we got salty congee, beef pan fried noodles, and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were pretty good. Chewy on the inside and very crispy on the outside, but not greasy at all. I was disappointed at the beef pan-fried noodles. I very rarely order these when I go out because they're hard to make right and generally expensive. These were a bit salty and not crunchy at all. Sadness! Though the pork-bun deal is good for the price of everything, I can't say i'd go back here for more...The flavor of the pork buns here aren't fantastic. There are more choices for XLB around this area. If you want quantity, come here. If you want flavor, go elsewhere. Service isn't great here, but there's pretty nice decorations, free wi-fi, and it's on a Pokéstop. The grand total for 3 people was ~$10 each. It was not very busy here for a Saturday morning.
Came with a group of four and ordered the young chow fried rice, pork XLB (free with check in), rice cakes with chopped vegetables, shrimp shumai, scallion pancakes, grandmas braised pork, pan fried pork buns, Chinese dou Miao leafy vegetable. This was too much food, although the lady at the front said we should've ordered more.Everything was good, came in decently sized portions, and was priced fairly. The grandmas pork was a little sweet in my opinion. This place had pretty good service compared to other Chinese restaurants. Worth a visit for quality Chinese food. Not sure if it's worth the trek to flushing though.
This place was PACKED. I didn't realize it was this popular until I Showed up. There was a line out the door in the doorway and inside! They give you the menu while you wait and you can preorder so that you don't have to wait too long for the food and to be quite honest I'm sure it helps them with turn over as well. We order the soup dumplings of course since we wait all year to come back to NY for This wondrous taste. It skin was just right as well as the juice and the nicely packed meat. Most of the time it doesn't break unless you don't know how to handle it. We also order the vegetarian dish which was fantastic. The udon noodles were super salty and saucy but it was delicious. Less salt on the noodle dish would have been nice. Seafood udon, chicken udon, and pork udon. There was also orders of fried rice which was tasty. The staff was friendly which is a nice change from service in Flushing restaurants.
Not everything was bad, but we were disappointed by the majority of items.The best item by far was not the soup dumpling, but the savory moon cake.  The soup dumplings were decent -- the skin was acceptably thin, but the soup was too rich/fatty for my liking.  As an FYI, the filling is also a bit on the sweet side.  The braised pork in brown sauce (紅燒肉) was also one of the better items.  The Shanghai noodles were standard -- fine, but nothing special.Now, onto the really disappointing.  The beef noodle soup had no depth to the flavor; the beef had almost no taste and was not that tender.  Shanghainese cuisine is supposed to be delicate and intricate, but many of the dishes were anything but that.  The scallion pancake beef roll was so incredibly thick.  I can't think of the last time I had such a fat scallion pancake...it was probably the size of 3 normal sized ones stacked together, so needless to say, it was not much of a wrap and was barely folded over.  The fried bun with chives and egg was also ginormous.  Granted, the skin there was not overly thick, but it was a bit overfried and unnecessarily large.  The malantou (veggies and tofu side salad) was really mushy and not fresh.There are so many great Chinese food options in Flushing, so I'm bummed that we spent a rare trip to Flushing here.
Can't go wrong with free soup dumplings with a $10 dine in purchase. Depending on the time of arrival you might have to wait from 20-35 minutes but they let you place your order with them in advance so once you sit down the order gets submitted to the kitchen automatically and it helps with the food coming out faster especially those delicious soup dumplings. The service is ok and only some of them speak and understand English. We always order the pork soup dumplings, fried rice, and pan fried udon noodles. The dishes look small but it's quit filling. If you want to get food for take out I suggest ordering on the phone in advance then coming to pick up as the place gets super crowded and there's no where to sit and wait for take out orders.
Update 1/5/17:!!! EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY, FOOD, SERVICE & GOOD VALUE !!! Do not miss this spot if you're visiting or stopping by Flushing!!!Shanghai You Garden is now the spot my boyfriend and I will frequent for dinner. We ordered Pan Fried Dumplings for dinner and we were presented with a dish that came with sesame seeds(unexpectedly, since on the picture there were none--my boyfriend absolutely dislikes sesame seeds). We asked the waiter if he could scrape off the sesame seeds for us, which couldn't be done. The manager then came by and offered to take it back to the kitchen and arrange for a new set of Pan Fried Dumplings to be made(thank you so much!). The pan Fried Dumplings were a bit oily, but overall tasted great and had a nice crisp texture on the bottom. All in all, we had a great dining experience, and look forward to coming back here for dinner again. :) -Good bye, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao on Prince St... I never liked you anyways even tho you're zagat or whatever-rated. The Xiao Long Bao at Shanghai You were fresh and delicious. Crab Meat & Pork Xiao Long Bao:-rich broth-light on palateRegular Pork Xiao Long Bao:-Typical Pork xiao long bao that is not soggy nor greasy -free with orders $10+Scallion Pancake w/ Sliced Beef(My picky SO approves!):-Scallion Pancake was steamy hot & crisp-sliced beef had great flavor and hints of star anise-this was really goodGrandma's Red Braised Pork Belly:-This dish is overpriced, especially in regards to the portion size -Freshly made from scratch-comes with quail eggs-the sauce was good, similar to teriyaki sauce but way better -pork belly had a good proportion of fat to meat(wasn't overly fatty) -the meat was not too soft, but chewable Aside from the xiao long bao, I can't wait to come back here to try other items on the menu. It was a great flavorful experience. ^_^
Cash only!On a Thursday afternoon, there was a bit of a wait but not too long. They give you a menu while you wait which was pretty nice so I can think of what to order with my friend. They have a deal where if you spend more than $10, they give you a free order of XLB. Food here is relatively cheap. My friend and I ordered a bunch of food and we couldn't finish so I ended up taking to go. We had the free XLB (yay!). It is good, the dumpling layer was thin and the soup was good. I felt there was a lot more veggie than meat. But not complaining since it was free.The scallion pancake was fluffy and good. It was very fried but the more fried, the better tasting! We also had the fried wontons. It was stuffed with a lot of meat and was very crispy. The shanghai shumai here is pretty good but I'd have to say I prefer the one from Kung fu XLB. The sticky rice inside the shumai wasn't as flavorful as the one in Kung fu. But the one here is definitely a bit bigger. The fried fish wrapped in seaweed was surprisingly good. I have never had it before and the taste was interesting. The fish is perfectly fried and there is a lot of meat inside. The seaweed isn't overly empowering but adds a different taste to the fish. Overall, I would come back again. There was enough food for three and super duper reasonable price.
Where do I start ?!? Well, my fiancé and I have been coming here for some time now- we always seem to beat the traffic (long wait)... thank you god!! The turn over service here is 20mins - which means there's no talking while eating here - it's all just yummy!! Soup dumplings are all hand made which you could observe soon as you enter the restaurant. Also, they have complimentary soup dumpling (pork filling - with orders over $10 bucks), tea and dessert. Three good reasons to stop and try this place out .
We've dined in many places in Flushing and I will have say this has been one of the best and most attentive service.  We did go during slow time, 3 PM on a Wednesday, but there was still a nice crowd that you can tell the food was going to be good.  I would hope the service is just as good during peak hours. The food was delicious, the prices are low enough that you can sample a little of everything. We order a lot that we were gifted a complimentary order of soup dumplings. Looking at the place on the outside, it does not appear to be much, but the moment you walk in, you can see that it's charming and with the chefs busily making soup dumplings in the front of the restaurant.  Overall, the food was delicious, the service great. We will definitely come back.
Key words: (1) CA$H only, (2) long wait (but some seating available inside while you wait), (3) very cheap, (4) lightning fast service, (5) FREE xiaolong baos.Recommend: soy sauce duck (though we are pretty sure we got tofu instead).  Even though it looks like it was drenched in soy sauce, it was not too salty and it was marinated well.A narrow but quite clean Chinese restaurant with a small dim sum selection.  I prefer one of those carts places for dim sum, but this place still features steamy fresh dim sum to go along with a wide selection of authentic Chinese food.Note that even though this place offers a check-in offer for steamed buns, they give everyone for free as long as you order more than $10.  Though the line can get long, it moves quite fast because the service is really quick.
Giant soup dumpling was a fun experience BUT oh so salty!!! Actually a lot of Shanghai food is on salty spectrum. Came in day after Christmas for lunch and they were packed. You take a number and you order food while waiting in line. Cash only and they have a ATM inside.  As soon as you sit down the food you ordered will quickly arrive. Decor is cute. A lot of Chinese water color painting and such. Nice wide booth. Walls a bit dirty though. Needs a good wipe down.
I came here for New Years Dinner and the restaurant wasn't crowded. We ordered 3 items- Soup dumplings, Pan fried Soup dumplings, and Sticky Rice dumplings. The Soup dumplings were good. The sticky rice dumplings were interesting but literally stuffed with sticky rice inside and on the top; I wish there was a meat inside instead. The pan fried dumplings were good, but soaked in too much oil.The total came out to be only $16!Cash only.Pro tip- Check in on yelp and receive a FREE order of steamed pork dumplings!
"You lost that dumplin' feelin'Whoa, that dumplin' feelin'You lost that dumplin' feelin'Now it's gone, gone, gone, wohohoh"All you've gotta do is stop on by and order up some freaking awesome dumplings from here, and that dumplin' feelin' will be fillin' ya up!With a large dining room, fast service, and a nice range of choices that dont come in a menu the size of a holy text is a nice change from some dumpling places. The lack of personal service and the fact that one waitress took my plate that had my fresh spring roll that she SAW me put down after just one bite was a bit annoying. Come on you saw me put the spring roll down after just one bite and snatched up the plate and turned away in like 1 second. Waited for my actual waitress to ask if everything was OK so I could say something, but my food was dropped off briskly as if I were a leper.Ya get 4 stars because the dumplings were good, the prices are great, service was fast. If there was any kind of personal service it would get 5. Why you just take my spring roll? =(4 stars.
My wife and I had a pretty solid lunch experience here.  We got a lot of food for 2 people:Fried bun with chives and egg - We get this all over Flushing and I think theirs is one of the better ones.  The bun itself is quite good. 4/5Soy bean pig feet soup - The broth was hearty and the beans were good. Can't go wrong with pig feet. 4/5Rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetables - The rice cake was slightly overcooked but the flavor was good. I was afraid the preserved veggies might make the dish too salty but it wasn't too bad. 3.5/5Spicy tendons - This is one my favorites dishes and I really like the way they flavored it.  It wasn't just dipped in chili oil. Tendons were sliced thinner than what I usually see and I think that helped to absorb more flavor. 4/5Salty bean curd soup - Not as salty as some places (a good thing) and overall a pretty decent shout if you like tofu/milk/garnishes thrown in together. 3.5/5XLB (free!) - Hard not to like free food. The pork XLBs we got weren't as oily as some other popular XLB places which is a plus. 3.5/5They score pretty high on my taste per dollar ratio given the cheap prices and the set-up is comparatively nicer than most similar joints in then neighborhood. Will definitely come back to try their Shanghainese style noodles next time. CASH ONLY!
I should've left a review along time ago .We always have a wonderful meal here.  Every dish is  a delight. They always give a free basket of Xiao long baos. But we always end up ordering 2more baskets.  (Haha my love for these are an excuse to ditch my diet from time to time) There is always a line out the door whenever we come,the wait time can range anything from 30mins - 1.5hrs however I discovered the trick to skipping the line... come dine during lunch time on a weekday.But hey if you and up waiting for awhile the waiters actually give you a menu while you wait and take your order so when you finally sit down there's not a long wait time for your piping hot yummy food to arrive. Everything from the steamed veggie dumplings,  seaweed croaker fish, scallion pancake wrapped beef, YUGE meatballs (lionhead) , beef lo mein and much more cooked to perfection. During dinner time they gave us free desserts after your meal (sweet glutinous rice balls w wine sauce and eggs) it's said to be very nutritionous and keeps you warm on these cold winter nights) Anyways prices are very decent as well. My husband and I once took our out of town family members here and we ordered like a beast for a table of 10. We left here taking doggie bags and on top of that so full the button on my pants literally popped opened (nah jk it didn't, but you get the idea)  and the bill was just around 200$ plus tips
A bit baffled as to why people say this place is better than Nan Xiang. Sure, it might be a bit cleaner, and the table gets a free order of soup dumplings, but the taste is not even close to Nan Xiangs soup dumplings, and the rice cakes here are pretty tasteless compared to other places in Chinatown. The wait here is also pretty long because of the slower turnover rate compared to nan Xiang, so I don't know why people say Shanghai You is so much better. It's not. Also a travesty is the jumbo soup dumpling, which is a far cry from the jumbo soup dumpling I've had in Shanghai. The one here is literally all soup, but it's a weird vegetable soup thing which you slurp with a straw. It's super gimmicky without the flavor to back it. It's cute for a picture but honestly a waste of money as the soup tastes funky and the soggy skin isn't exactly something you want to eat.Their cold dishes are decent - I always get the hau fu at soup dumpling restaurants. We also tried their cold chicken which was pretty mediocre, but the price isn't bad. Their spicy beef is decent also, but it's kinda hard to mess up these cold dishes. We also tried their pork "mooncakes" which is pretty much the dumpling meat inside a flaky pastry. It looks nothing, nor tastes like, a mooncake. It did not impress me at all, but my parents told me they reheated it the next day and it was delicious. The scallion pancake was pretty standard as well. Their fried pork buns are pretty average as well - a little too much bread and not enough meat which seems to be a common trend nowadays. The soup dumplings were the biggest disappointment of all, as people said it was superior to Nan Xiang in flavor which is not the case at all. One of my friends told me the chef used to work at Nan Xiang but it tastes nothing like it! The rice cakes were flavorless as well.Overall the plating here is much nicer, and it's a cleaner feel overall, but I do not think it's worth the sacrifice in flavor. Nan Xiang is a little bit dingier, but the soup dumplings there are the best. We also got a complimentary dessert which was some sweet porridge with gluttonous rice. It was pretty good but there was a lot of alcohol in it.
After seeing long lines in front of You Garden, I finally found the time to make a visit. You can easily get here by getting off at the Main Street Station in Flushing on the 7 subway line or by taking the LIRR to Flushing where the restaurant is literally across the street from the LIRR exit staircase.When we arrived, it was about 11:45 am on a Sunday morning and already there was a small waiting line in front of the restaurant. There was a lady giving out numbers and told us that the wait was about 25 minutes. She also handed us a takeout menu. We actually got in after 15 minutes. What was interesting was that before we stepped inside, another worker took our order. I didn't expect this, but luckily I was already making up my mind what I was getting.The restaurant is long and narrow and is nicely decorated with calligraphy and bright lighting. Seating is dominated by many 2 to 4 seater tables. I didn't see any larger tables but perhaps my view was obstructed.We ordered several dishes:Large Soup DumplingPork Soup DumplingCrab and Pork Soup Dumpling Tang BaoDeep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried SeaweedPork Rice CakesPan fried Udon with BeefSince this restaurant is known best for its XLB soup dumplings, it was a priority to try them. We were delighted to learn that the restaurant had a buy one get one free offer for their regular pork XLB. I felt that both orders of soup dumplings were very good. The skins were on the thicker side and not translucent. I never felt the skins would break as I picked them up with my chopsticks. The meat inside was dense and formed a finely formed meatball. The soup quality had flavor but I felt it was a bit on the neutral side and this was for both kinds of XLB. My partner and I thought it was a 7.5 on a scale of 1 to 10.We also ordered the giant "Tang Bao" or extra large soup dumpling. This is served in a dim sum steamer. The XLB is about 4 inches wide and is lined on the bottom with parchment paper. It's filled with a yellow-ochre colored crab soup with a small crab and pork meatball. We felt that the soup tasted really watered-down and didn't have any character or heft to it. The meat wasn't any better and the skin was very thick, I think to hold in all the soup. We felt that the tang bao was much better as a standard XLB soup dumpling. Super-size didn't do much for this dish.As for the Yellow Croaker, we've had this dish at many other restaurants, however, I felt that there was a slight sourness to the dish. Not sure if it was vinegar that they added, but it wasn't really to my taste. Other restaurants would make this dish a little more to the salty side without the sour flavor.As for the Pork Rice Cakes, I really enjoyed this because it was combined with thin slices of mushroom and packed a punch of umami in the brown sauce.The Pan-fried Udon was also well done. It had "wok-hei" (wok-smoke flavor) and was seasoned right, not too salty or oily. The beef slices were really nice in the way that they were cut. It was pencil-wide strips but cooked to the point where there was a nice browning and char on the meat. I really liked this compared with how other Shanghainese restaurants make this dish.You should note that this is a cash-only restaurant.All in all, this was an excellent, first-time experience. I would definitely come here again because there so many dishes that stand out in their visually appealing menu. Those tiny pictures really do sell the food!
One of the best place to eat lunch (Shanghai food); food is delicious and extremely cheap. You'll know once you get here. I've been coming to eat lunch here for a while now.
I came here on a Sunday early afternoon with a friend and they told us the wait would be 20 mins and we're like ok. Turns out we waited almost an hour until we got our table. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef (crispy, delicious and not too saucy like other places), crabmeat soup dumplings (it was alright, not too salty), pork soup dumplings (free with $10 purchase which is alright too), soup filled bun (big soup dumpling which was overrated and definitely dont eat the skin, and pan fried seafood noodles (delicious when hot but could use less msg) Half hour later, they pretty much asked us if we got all our order. We said yes and bam gives us the check. Food came on a timely manner only because we ordered it in advance while we were waiting "20 mins". Overall, this place is mainly for tourist and for those that never been to see what the craze is about. Don't mind coming back here for the scallion pancake with beef and maybe try other foods but definitely not coming back for the soup dumplings.
Good decor and design and the good food makes the restaurant better or above avarageI had crab and pork  and a soup dump beef scallion pancake. The food was delicious and hot especially the beef salcallion pancake is really beast very flavorful and taste the haven right there also the steamed vetetable dumpling are also very good2 friends and i was there for lunch and it was good to be in here with all those delisted food and dumplings and soups.
I came here for the second time last week.This place is always superrrrrr busy! BUT even if you have to wait to be seated, it's not usually for too long. Shanghai You Garden is VERY AFFORDABLE and is a great place to come with a group of friends if you want to eat a ton, but not break your wallet.One order of soup dumplings is complimentary!! We ordered pan fried noodles with shredded pork and seafood pan fried udon noodles. THEY ALSO SERVE BREAKFAST ALL DAY. We also ordered shanghai egg roll, fried dough, and sweet soy bean curd.I wouldn't say the food was incredibly delicious, but everything we got tasted good and was decent. The portions were family style so they were easy to share. All the food came out very quickly too!
Found Shanghai You Garden on Yelp and decided to give this spot a try. Switching it up from my typical Flushing go-to, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. This place was definitely more on the authentic side. Upon arrival, there was a short wait and was given a little beeper. What I found so interesting is that there's someone walking around taking each parties orders before they even sit. Once called, you are seated at your table and your food arrives shortly after. Kind of cool! Have never seen a place do this before, very efficient. We ordered pork soup dumplings (you get an order for free when you check in on Yelp!) & the shrimp dumplings, which were both delicious! The pork buns were just OK. Really not that great. As I just got back from Shanghai a few months ago, I'm holding these to quite a high standard. We also ordered beef udon noodles & sesame chicken. Both pretty American dishes that really weren't that great. Probably should've only stuck with dumplings at this spot.
Very conveniently close to the flushing 7 train station. We went at 5pm, and luckily got seats for two quickly. Around 6pm and after, the wait looked pretty long.They had a Buy two get one free soup dumpling deals, so of course we had to get it. For two people, we ordered three racks of soup dumplings, one beef pancake, vegetarian mock meat, wood ear mushroom and a stir-fried udon noodles. Boy, we were stuffed! The soup dumplings, were actually pretty good -- thin skin, piping hot liquid and tender meat. The beef pancake is amazing. Not too oily, but was still very crunchy (the beef was tender and delicious). The side dishes of vegetarian mock meat and wood ear mushroom were tasty. The only thing that lacked was the udon noodles. It was oily and just wasn't that flavorful.
We care here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We came on a Thursday night around 7pm and there was a wait for seating.  That is a good sign as we passed other restaurants and they were empty.  The restaurant has a large selection of dishes to choose from.  It was so hard to decided on what to order because everything looked good.We ordered Crab Meat filled Xiao Long Bao (Steamed Soup Buns)Jelly Fish,  Beef Pan Fried Noodles and a regular Xiao Long Bao.   When I tried to order the Xiao Long Bao the waitress told us that we would get it for free if we plan to order more than $10.00 of food.  That was is what I call great customer service. Kudos to the waitress!All the dishes we ordered were fresh.  The skin of the soup dumplings were thin and the soup filling was delicious.   We even got free sweet soup with our meal.  We're definitely coming back to this restaurant for more food!
We were here Sunday for lunch and it was a lot~~~ of people. The wait was not too bad. You order first while waiting then 20 minutes you'll be seated. They're doing promotion of free Steamed Pork Bun not sure what you need to do to get it though~Ice Soy Milk: 3/5 Nothing specialSalt Sticky Rice Roll: 1/5 Mushy fritters with mushy and lose sticky rice. The whole thing was fulling apart.Pork Moon Cake: 3/5 The waiter had to reheat it because it was cold when he gave it to us and this was the first dish he brought us so kind of surprised that its cold.. It wasn't too bad after he reheated it though there was lots of meat in it.Crab Meat Pork Bun: 5/5 My BF's favorite~ Both this and the steamed pork buns are the gem of this place. The skin is very thin and lots lots of soup inside. I would definitely come back for this.Steamed Meat Pork Bun: 5/5 My personal favorite. I think this is better than the crab meat one but both are good. Just get both~Rice Cake w/ Pork & Preserved Veggie: 4/5 A bit on the oily side but pretty tastyPork Wanton in Chili Oil: 4/5 There's peanut sauce inside...I didn't read the English description so I thought this would be a typical wanton in chili oil that I usually like...not a big fan of peanut sauce but my son love love love this dishRice Cake w/ Salted Egg: 3/5 Very thick oily skin with duck egg and dried shredded pork inside. I can make this at home...Staff: 5/5 Very fast service. They are definitely busy but you can get their attention easily and get what you asked for within a minute or two.This is going to be my go-to place when I crave for steamed pork bun. There's so many other items on the menu I would want to try. Definitely recommend it~
Finally got to try this place! This place is located in one of the shady streets in flushing on 40th road. It's also mixed with a bunch of different establishments but it's the door to your left when you first walk in (don't go upstairs). The inside is actually pretty nice. From the waiters dressed in the chinese uniforms to the decor. I really wanted to come here for the soup dumpling! We got quoted 15 minutes, waited less than that. The hostess will give you a ticket with a number and party size. WAIT INSIDE!! as they will not come out to find you. The hostess even told us to just wait inside.We ordered the rice cakes with preserved veggies & pork, crab meat and pork soup dumplings, fried bean gluten, one free rack of pork soup dumplings, and the soup dumpling. The 2.99 soup dumplings (only soup) has a crab flavor which is nice. It's also an amazing alternative to that $10 big soup dumpling in the city. If anything, this place is deff way more worth! Everything was super delicious but these aren't the best soup dumplings i've had. I do think that nan xiang in flushing has better soup dumplings BUT you get a free rack of regular pork soup dumplings when you spend over $10 here which is pretty worth it in my opinion. This place also serves more shanghai dishes.- You don't have to check in on yelp to get the free soup dumplings, just tell them and they'll give it to you. This place also has really good customer service which is surprising bc chinese restaurants usually suck in terms of service. This place is cash only! Our total came up to about... $33 for two people including tip!There is also dessert at the end of your meal which tasted pretty good. It was semi sweet yet really healthy tasting. Overall, love this place! Would deff come back if I was craving some good Shanghai food but if I was craving soup dumplings only, I would prob opt for nan xiang.
A very narrow, but nicely decorated restaurant specializing in the it-never-gets-old XLB. The space is bright, with lovely Chinese calligraphy folding panels used as ceiling decor. The gold wall decor and green velvet cushions were also nice touches. Three of us came for dinner and had a bit of a wait, but the servers took our order during the wait. Food arrived in no time once seated.The pork soup dumplings were fine, nothing special, with decent pork filling. The pork/crab mixture was more flavorful, but still not as good as Joe's Shanghai or even NXXLB. They were piping hot though. The scallion pancake beef rolls were well done, but some slices sinewy. The pan-fried pork buns were soft and their bottoms crispy, but again the same pork mixture showed up, all unadventurous-like. I did like our seafood crispy noodles dish, which was very saucy and generally a hard dish to mess up. The sweet soy drink also nice and warming on a cold night.The freebies were a plus, including an extra order of pork soup dumplings and rice wine dessert soup with goji berries. Business was booming, but it didn't feel like much of a find, more like another middle-of-the-road option in the grand landscape of Flushing dining.
An exceptional combination of great food, pricing, cleanliness, and time needed to get seated.My friends and I visited 3 times over the course of 3 days when we visited Flushing. The stand out dishes are their scallion pancakes with beef and hoisin sauce, grandma style braised pork, spicy noodles with beef and peppers, and their soy bean gluten (a savory tofu like dish). The scallion pancakes are incredibly fluffy and currently my favorite in the NYC area. Shanghai You also has a promotion where they give an order of xiao long bao (soup dumplings) if you order over $10. Their XLB is pretty good, but if it wasn't for the promotion, I would probably skip it. They also make their own savory Zhong Zhi (sticky rice wrapped with banana leaves) and I ordered a few to freeze and take home. Each time I steam one for lunch, I reminisce of their scallion pancakes. I can't wait to go back.
This is my favorite Chinese Dim Sum restaurant in town. Steamed dumpling (xiao long bao) is so juicy and fresh. Staff are very friendly and introduced their hometown cuisine very clearly. I also tried Toufu Fa at this time. The flavor is salty with green onion, a kind of Chinese mushroom and soy sauce. Yummy.
All time favorite XLB spot in flushing! My friend showed me this place as few weeks ago and since then, I've been coming here. For dine-in only, if you purchase a XLB order, they offer you a free one. Amazing service and the best part was them offering complimentary dessert. I loved all their dishes!- XLB regular and crab.- Rice cakes with preserved cabbage and pork.- Scallion pancake with beef.- Shanghai shumai- Wonton on chili oil
This was my first time visiting this restaurant. Went during the weekend before 10am was worth it. If you order more than $10 you get a free Xiao Long Bao. My advise go early to avoid the long wait time and bring someone who knows Mandarin because they know little Cantonese and English.
Don't know how I walked right pass the long line of people! Food was amazing...had the seafood noodles, shrimp dumplings, cold duck. The noodles were very perfectly crispy with sautéed veggies, the duck was tender, and the shrimp dumplings were steamed and set precisely. Service was quick, waiters not friendly but that was overlooked as soon as we started eating. You know the place is good when you see natives eating there...and you're the only non-native.
Definitely one of my favorite Shanghainese spots in the city. Love how the restaurant is trendier and more comfortable than other places in Flushing, but still equally as affordable and delicious! I stopped by on a Saturday and waited for about 20 minutes before getting seated. We were encouraged to look over the menu and order while waiting (which I am a total fan of). By the time we were seated, it took only minutes before our food arrived. My friend and I tried the extra-large soup dumplings, mainly for the fun-factor. They were average and I would recommend saving stomach space for more xiaolongbao instead. The xiaolongbao's (pork soup dumplings) were awesome and comparable to other popular spots in the area. What I absolutely loved was the seaweed battered fish. Perfectly fried and not overwhelmingly oily. The Shanghainese stir-fried noodles and chicken soup were solid as well. Verdict: This is the place for you to get delicious Shanghainese food without needing to sacrifice comfort/service.
Short version: go here, eat good food. Expect to wait. Free order of soup dumplings! Skip the giant soup dumpling unless you really need to insta it. Long version: Shanghai You Garden has the same head chef (or owner?) of Nan Xiang so of course the soup dumplings will be great! Really nice decor and the waiters are nicer here. Expect a frenzy as you wait though; they'll ask you to order first so once you sit, the food arrives! Pretty efficient, but makes me feel rushed. Been here a few times and never had anything bad. Wish their pan fried pork buns had a little bit more meat! That is all. Go here, wait the wait, you won't be disappointed.
This was my first time eating soup dumplings.  Mmmm, they were delicious!  We came at a good time too, the line built up very fast.  It's a small location, so I'd recommend not going at a typical prime meal time.I preferred the pork soup dumplings to the seafood soup dumplings, but they were just a tid-bit too salty, but still delicious none the less.
I have eaten at many of the nearby restaurants but until today I had not tried the food at Shanghai You Garden (I checked in once before but then realized that the line was too long and went elsewhere). I came with my cousin who works one morning a week in Flushing and often stops here afterwards.When I arrived, the place was full but unlike on weekends, there was no line outside. The people who greeted us were friendly and promised us a table in about 5 minutes. And right on cue, we were seated 5 minutes later.The servers were all very friendly, attentive and too polite to laugh at my awful command of their language!  We began with scallion pancakes....not on my current low carb diet, but because my cousin said they were the best she had ever had, I said I would try one...and ended up eating three - enough said.Next we inquired about stinky tofu which our server warned smelled awful but tasted great. Right after he left we thought we smelled raw sewage or a baby that needed changing but it was a close by table that was also having stinky tofu.  When ours arrived, luckily we trusted our server and ignored the smell. The dish itself, was flavorful with a nice spicy kick. While eating the tofu I noticed some of the servers watching us...it was at that point that I realized that we may have been one of the first "lao wai's" to take the stinky tofu plunge!As others have noted, you get a free order of xiao long bao (soup dumplings) when you have ordered $10 of more of food (even on weekends). Our soup dumplings were exceptionally juicy and flavorful. They reminded me of ones that I had had eateb when in Shanghai and stood up in flavor to the ones served at Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai - the two most popular soup dumpling restaurants in Flushing. Our bill with tip was about $15 for two people...not a bad deal...unfortunately they do take credit cards - 4.5 stars!
What is not to love about a delicious shanghai dumpling spot where you could go into food coma for $20. I am currently the "duke" of this place for good reason. The food is just sooo good and sooo cheap. Free dumplings for $10 worth of food, get the pan fried noodles, couples beef and a few appetizers.
I'm ridiculously proud of being Shanghainese, and You Garden exemplifies everything I love about my culture. I came here with my family, all three generations, for an early dinner on a Saturday night, and we were grateful for this place and its authenticity. Shoutout to the entire waitstaff who spoke Shanghainese. We felt so at home.First off, this place gets PACKED. It's so busy, and they don't have a ton of space, but they'll get that food to you as quickly as possible so you're in and out within a 2-hour window. My aunt's been here a few times already, so we already knew what to order, but trust me when I say I doubt you'll get to dawdle over the menu - it's too busy for that.We got an assortment of Shanghainese staples and each was as authentic as the next. The xiaolongbaos are definitely real af here; get that and Grandma's braised pork. Those were hugely delicious.Cash only! The food is thankfully as cheap as it is yummy; nine people spent about $250 - and we all ate decent portions. I can't wait to roll through again.
Having tried both Nan Xiang and Shanghai You Garden now, I think the soup dumplings are definitely better at Nan Xiang (which is probably why they're giving them away for free here... just saying). The other dishes were very good, but lacked authenticity in my opinion. The spicy beef and beef scallion pancakes were my favorite. I thought that the stir fried udon noodles were a little too oily and tasted like your typical takeout food. The sticky rice rolls were also definitely better at Nan Xiang too - the fried dough breadstick inside was a bit stale in the order we got and super hard to chew. However, Shanghai You Garden is definitely cleaner and has better food presentation than Nan Xiang. Shanghai You Garden would also probably be better for larger groups based on the table setup. Still a solid place to grab brunch with decent prices!
This is the go-to place for soup pork dumplings with or without crab meat.  The skin is a bit thicker than the Taiwanese style, but there is plenty of soup inside.  The lines can be long, but it's worth waiting for the dumplings, scallion pancake wrapped beef sandwiches, and baked, shredded turnip cakes.  If their sheng jian bao also had soup, I'd give them five stars.Service is fast and friendly.  Parking can be tough on the street, but there are nearby lots.
My parents love this restaurant. I'm pretty sure it's because of the free soup dumplings you get if you order $10 or more. Not my favorite place for them, but they're pretty good. I actually prefer the regular pork soup dumplings to the crab and pork ones, which normally isn't the case.The rest of the food is okay, but too oily for my taste.I'm sad about the noodles with beef and chili pepper. That used to be my favorite dish here. It was surprisingly spicy, plus I loved the fresh, slightly springy texture of the noodles. However, on my most recent visit, the peppers were lacking that zing of flavor and spice, and in turn the dish tasted a little bland. The noodles were also a little too soft.The kung pao eel was... different. Eel in place of chicken? Interesting. It was too sweet and the ratio of fried batter to eel was so uneven. I guess I prefer the eel's natural flavor and texture.Hopefully they can cut back on the oil and return the noodles with beef and chili pepper to its former glory.
Kinda love it here. It is popular and there is a line on the weekends. But they are efficient and will take your order while you're waiting. It's very clean and the decor is very authentic Chinese and modern. The food is great - very authentic Shanghainese and delicious! Some of the best I've had anywhere in NYC. Service is fast and efficient and friendly.
This is a limited review, and a more expanded review will come after trying more food. In the meantime:I really wanted a Chinese style breakfast, and my fake cousin and I went to get salty silky tofu. It was a bit too salty, and not clear enough for my taste. However, I did like that they added pork floss. If you order more than 10 dollars worth of food, they give you a basket of soup dumplings. I was not impressed by their soup dumplings. The skin was quite thick and the broth was boring. I would like to come back to try their noodles -- it looks really good. Not sure if the place is worth the wait that often accumulates.
They get a full star just because when you order soup to go, they give you a nifty bowl that has a tray like insert that separates the soup from the noodles. Genius! Saves the grief of that extra take-out container of soup only.Naturally, as other reviews say, the xiao long bao soup dumplings are delicious. I haven't had the ones at their nearby competitor, but these were pretty damn fantastic to me. They pop with soupy goodness in your mouth and warm you up inside to out on a cold day like the ones we're finally having. I can't say I'm a XLB connoisseur because I rarely have the pleasure of eating them. I was always under the impression Din Tai Fung was the only legitimate place you were allowed to eat them at, and there's none nearby :( I have no complaints with this being my substitute though!I also ordered the cong you bing scallion pancakes and pork veggie noodle soup. The pancakes were some of the best I had to date in New York for its level of crispiness and right balance of chewy dough. So many others get so soggy and the dough tastes cheap. Not here!And as for my noodle soup, it was fab, even in to-go form and eaten the next day for lunch. Imagine now how it would've tasted fresh off the stove!Now, none of this was dirt cheap steals like Flushing days of yore or maybe some other spots, but reliable taste and quality go a long way. The dining room interior was also really pleasant. A far cry from the chaos of the street it's located on. Wouldn't hesitate to dine here again in the future, and look forward to re-reviewing for the final star once I've had a taste of the full menu and dining experience.
I came here with a friend a few weeks ago at the recommendation of her relative who lives in Flushing, quite early in the morning so there was no line. We ordered the the crab XLB ($6.75), sweet sticky rice roll ($2.50), soup filled bun ($2.99), and got a complimentary pork XLB. I think it's been said enough how amazing the XLB are - thin skins and they don't stick together (!), maybe the best I've had in the US - so I'm mostly writing this review to add pictures and clarify for anyone who might be confused as we were that the giant soup filled bun is in fact just filled with soup (with maybe negligible bits of crab). It's very hot and you'll burn yourself drinking through the straw if you don't wait long enough. It looks cute but we found it salty and oily and difficult to drink, and the skin was (understandably) very thick - we didn't eat it.Highly recommended - delicious and inexpensive soup dumplings, but I'd avoid the soup filled bun
This fancier than usual flushing shanghainese restaurant offered a great deal of menu options with their most popular being their Xiao long bao (soup dumplings). The place was packed so if you could make a reservation I would recommend it. Luckily for us, we were able to beat the crowd before the long line began forming.They were giving complimentary Xiao long bao for orders of $10 and up. The Xiao long bao was good and broth was tasty. We had ordered the large soup dumpling as well, which was just soup with no meat on inside. I preferred the regular soup dumplings over that. The veggies, crispy sweet and sour fish, fried tofu, and seafood noodle were all good choices as well.
Very fast seating for 8 people on a crowded Saturday. We were able to get the private seating in the front. Most memorable:Shanghai chicken : delicious sauce made it even better.Scallion pancake with beef: this was better than a lot of places I've tried.Little pepper dry noodle: OMG the noodles. It wasn't really spicy, but then again I love spice. The noodles was so good I wanted to order more.Worth mentioning:Salted tofu dish: similar to your tofu fa from dim sum but it has preserved veggies, worth trying wouldn't say it's for everyone.Xiao Long bao: very yummy soup base and the skin is very thin so you gotta be a pro to eat it lolSpicy beef tendon: very good, we ordered this twice All in all service was very quick, lost one star for portion sizes, most dishes were small.
The restaurant is actually very easy to miss if you're doing your usual rushing down the sidewalk walk in Flushing. That said, when it's busy, they do have a pretty decent system of trying to service all their customers as quickly as possible. While you're waiting in line, they ask you to peruse the menu to see if you'd like to order. This way, shortly after you're seated, the food comes out in a prompt fashion. The restaurant itself is quaint with a story written on the ceiling. The decor is average. To the food...The soup dumplings were ok...good but not memorably so. Then they had a dumpling that is filled entirely with soup. It seems like it's a hit or miss with that dish. All four members of my family got one, and 2 tasted okay, the other 2 were VERY VERY salty. I couldn't finish mine. Seemed pretty much gimmicky IMO. The order of rice cake I had, seemed like they used old, dirty oil to cook it with. Each bite had a flavor of rancid oil. Everything else was fair. Not bad yet not great. Overall, the food needs better attention to detail. They have the service down pat. The food needs to come up to par considering there are SOOOO many competitors.
It wasn't the best I've had in flushing. The XLB were tender and juicy but flavor in the crabmeat wasn't great or very pronounced. The regular pork ones were better flavor, though I found the skin at the top of the bao a bit tough. The shanghai seafood noodle was extremely overpriced for the amount. $9.95 for a tiny plate with just a few pieces of seafood, very oily and lacking in flavor. I would not recommend ordering.Service was fantastic for not only a Asian establishment but friendly! So stars for that. It's kind of cleanly, but grossed out the chili oil on my table had a hair inside of it. Didn't notice until I was done eating. So, wah wah wahhhh.Probably won't be returning
Only came in here for a quick lunch, but this place is legit! Have been dying to find good, wholesome Chinese food that's not overpriced (looking at you Manhattan China Town), and I only have to travel an hr and 15 on the subway to get there.I had the crab and pork XLBs (Xiao Long Bao / Soup Dump) Beef scallion pancake and also an XLXLB (extra large Xia long bao) completely a gimmick, but wanted to try).XLBs - really good, nice soup, very flavorful dumpling and the casing was just the right thickness and texture.Beef Scallion Pancake - this really was a beast. Flavor-wise, absolutely delicious, however was a little heavy on the pancake and light on the beef for my likingXL XLB - I really would not bother, I was suspicious of this before I ordered it, but thought I would try. One of the beauty's of a regular XLB is that you get the taste of the casing, soup and meat all in one go. It's the mixture of textures. With the XL XLB, naturally it's so big that it's served with a straw. That means you have to drink the soup first, and then you're just left with the casing. Secondly, the soup merely has a few chunks of meat in it, rather than its own little meat ball. Do not botherThat aside, the menu here is insane. So much choice. There was a family next to me doing a Sunday lunch, going to town on all the greats and it looked and smelled amazing. Will definitely be back to try more!The best bit is when you spend $10, you get a free portion of XLBs. For our meal of 2 x XLXLBs, beef scallion pancake and free XLBs, the meal set us back $11.95.NICE
This is the THE best and the most authentic Shanghai restaurant in New York in my opinion; as someone who was born and raised in Shanghai, I think this place really reminds me of my hometown. Hearing all the servers talking in Shanghai dialect gives me a homey and nostalgic feeling as well. This restaurant stands out from the crowd for one major reason - both their Shanghai Dim Sum and actual entrees are all very authentic and tasty. Most restaurants tends to specialize in either the dim sum or the entrees; while at this restaurant, no matter what you order, you won't be disappointed. You can also find delicious dishes not sold anywhere else, such as Fried Yellow Croaker with Diced Seaweed (苔条小黄鱼), which seriously tastes like childhood. They also have the best soup dumplings - I think they give you for free pork ones if you dine in is over a certain dollar amount, but I prefer the crabs ones because of more flavor. What's more, they also have pork moon cake (鲜肉月饼) and green sticky rice buns (青团), which are seriously authentically delicious and hard to find outside of the the region. I highly recommend this place - everything is good here. Service is a little rushed but adequate, since they are busy.
This place had excellent service maybe because they have around 8-10 staff on a weekday. We came in around 5:30pm and it wasn't too busy yet, however when we left it was getting pretty busy. You can see the place in one look. It's a straight line; the decoration was beautifully designed. I order shanghai noodles, the crispy noodles with sauce (too much sauce), and ha gow. I have no idea why we order ha gow (shrimp inside with the white skin on the outside), it is definitely better at dim sum places because the skin just fell apart very easily.  I liked the shanghai noodles and we also got free soup dumpling for checking in as long as you spent more than $10. Overall the bill was $20ish for 2, which is very inexpensive because we got the soup dumpling for free. They also give dessert at the end. This is a reminder they do CASH ONLY. It's a good thing I brought cash or I would have to go to the bank. Service was worth giving more than 15 percent.
OH MY GOODNESS YES. This has definitely become my FAVORITE Shanghainese/Chinese breakfast place in all of New York City. The food is authentic and fairly priced, the service is quick and pretty competent, the ambiance is lively, and the decor isn't as run down as other authentic places. I came here with a friend for Tuesday lunch and it was already popping!! We had to wait 5 minutes for a weekday lunch which is so rare at that time. Even with that small wait, there are ample seats to wait in and the waiters give you menus and let you order first so your food are ready when you sit down. And for the most important part....... the soup dumplings 1. THEY DON'T BREAK WHEN YOU PICK THEM UP. So many places serve dumplings that break, which sucks because the whole point is to be able to suck out the soup. 2. YOU GET A FREE ORDER OF SOUP DUMPLINGS IF YOU SPEND MORE THAN $10. They probably do this because their soup dumplings are just THAT good and it's really not hard to spend over $10, especially when you're eating with other people.All in all, amazing find and tucked away in an often-not-visited street of Flushing.
I had such high expectations from the pictures and Yelp reviews. Heard about the long lines and waits so I wanted to try so bad. Ordered the spicy beef tripe, cold cucumbers, crab meat dumpling (regular dumpling on the house), the big soup dumpling, grandma's pork belly, the stinky tofu sautéed in sauce, and the beef scallion pancake. First of all, EVERYTHING was on the sweeter side. Cucumbers was crunchy but why the added sweetener? Spicy beef tripe was tasty but was average. Crab meat dumplings were a little better than the original, you can get better soup dumplings in the area. Beef scallion pancakes had very little beef and sauce, the skin was too rocky and chewy. No crunch! Pork belly taste was ok, the meat can be braised a little longer so the fat wasn't too chewy. The big soup dumpling is overhyped! Literally just soup inside, no meat. It was very bland, tasted fishy if you don't drink it while it's hot. Taste like crab shell water. Get you what you pay, think it was $2-3.Worst dish was the stinky tofu! I've tried many many stinky tofu and this one is horrible. Yes, it's suppose to be stinky but when u eat it, you're not suppose to taste the stink. I think the tofu expired or something, was asked a waiter and he just walked away and was nowhere to be found. He didn't say anything. I asked him to take it away so I can at least finish the rest of the food. Nope! He wanted to avoid us. Lastly I wanted to say the staffs weren't every clean. We sat at the very last table on the right and I'm looking straight at this waitress cleaning the edge of the sauce container with hare bare finger when refilling it. She saw me looking and continued. I know this isn't a fancy place but ALL restaurants should have some kind of hygiene practice. Tea tasted like bad water.... won't recommend this place and won't come back. Spend your money somewhere else in flushing.
Despite not being a fan of soup dumplings, all of the times I have eaten here, I have been extremely satisfied. The wait staff will automatically give you a free order of soup dumplings as long as your bill is over $10, no check-in necessary. Be aware when you order because you might end up with too much food or could potentially pay for one less order of soup dumplings if you order multiples like my friends do.I thoroughly enjoyed all the dishes I've tried such as their rice cakes, stir fry noodles, noodle soups, spicy wontons, wonton soup, gluten, cucumber, spicy tendon, drunken chicken, seaweed flavoured fried fish and I am a major fan of their fried stinky tofu. The stinky tofu is a very big reason why I give Shanghai You Garden 4 stars. I do sometimes feel bad for people that can't stand the smell of it but c'mon!, that's exactly the reason why you're reading my review. This is a heads up for you that the restaurant will 100% smell of stinky tofu cooking in the kitchen or being brought out to another customers table at some point during your meal. They also offer a much more pungent, in my opinion, alternative version to the traditional stinky tofu. This one comes with a braised meat sauce with bits of edamame over the stinky tofu.I would avoid ordering the giant soup dumpling and the free dessert tong sui unless you are a fan of chinese rice wine. Note: I had the great idea of surprising a friend with a birthday cake here. The wait staff very obviously never prepared or anticipated for this and did not know what to do when I asked if they could put the cake in the kitchen and or when to know the social cue to bring it out for my group of friends. So maybe this isn't a great place for having celebratory cake.
Great place for xiaolongbao and other shanghainese snacks. I've been here a couple times - they have a special promotion where you get a free order of xiaolongbao with any order over $10, which is awesome. The xiaolongbao is on point, thin, almost translucent skin, flavorful filling and scalding broth, exactly as it should be. Also recommend the braised pork belly, the turnip puffs, the pan fried buns, the drunken chicken, and the stir fried rice cake with mustard greens. Although they have a bunch of noodle soups but suggest skipping these, there are much better noodle options in Flushing. Overall would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for shanghainese carbs.
Spend $10 and get an order of soup dumplings! Had the typical preserved veggie with pork and rice cakes dish, beef and scallion pancake, along with the big $2.99 "soup" dumpling. Why soup is in quotations? There's no filling just soup so I thought I'd put an emphasis on that (could totally skip it not worth the hype). Everything was very inexpensive for flushing prices. I think an order of soup dumplings and Nan Xiang are $6+? Or somewhere around that but the dumplings here are far less oily or fatty tasting.
I think it's safe to say the really popular Shanghainese place on Prince street is still king. I went here on the recommendation from a friend and I thought the food was just OK. The place is pretty popular and the waits can be long, so try to go early. The decor is typical Chinese restaurant and I hate to say it, but the male bathroom is also typical Chinese bathroom, if you know what I mean. The food:Steamed Pork Bun- The soup dumpling broth was good, but I had issues with the dough. The dough was way too thick, the dough was thick on both the top as well as the bottom of the dumpling. The pork flavor was not bad, but the dough kinda overwhelmed the dumpling. Also, if you order over $10 worth of food, they give you a free order of steamed pork buns. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan Fried Pork Bun- The pan fried had good flavor but was super oily on the outside, it was so visibly oily that I had to pat it dry with a tissue. I also felt this bun had too much dough. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Cucumber & Garlic- This was the shocker appetizer, this was my fav dish of the night and it was a cucumber dish??? The texture of the cucumber was so firm yet tender at the same time. This was really good. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef & Tripe- I have had this at many Chinese restaurants and the one here was just so so. The flavor was pretty good but the dish came off very salty, the tripe was nice and tender but the beef needed to be cooked more. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Rice Cake w. Shredded Pork & Preserved Vegetable- The rice cakes were made well, they had a really nice texture and the overall flavor worked, the dish was a touch sweet but overall something worth ordering. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan-Fried Noodle w. Shredded Chicken- The pan fried noodle was my least fav. There was way too much sauce and it made the dish very gloppy, the dish was also greasy and came off salty. The dish has to be eaten lightning quick since the nice crunchy noodles will get soggy quick. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Free order of soup dumplings for checking in? I'm down!The soup dumplings are delicious so I usually get an extra order (it also helps that they are reasonably priced). The rice cake dishes are pretty good too. And at the end of your meal, they give you a sweet soup as dessert. They get pretty packed around dinner time (starting from around 7pm)- you take a number from the lady with a clipboard who is usually standing by the entrance. Then, you wait outside a while (be prepared to stand because there's only a few chairs). When your number is called, they take you inside where you have to wait some more (at least there's more seats and you're protected from the elements). When you're waiting inside, they give you a menu so that you can place your order in advance. However, not sure if this even mattered as we still had to wait a while to get our food after being seated at an actual table.  The restaurant itself seems pretty clean and the waiters are friendly. They speak Chinese and English. Seats are pretty close together though, so it can get kinda loud in here. If you are a group of 4 or less, try to snag a booth (more space). Don't try to come here with a large group because you might have to wait a long time. It was just the two of us and we were quoted about 25 min. wait time. Didn't get seated until 45+ min later!Maybe come here during lunch hours as it seemed less hectic and was definitely not as crowded as during dinner time (and we were able to snag a table for two pretty easily).
Very traditional Shanghainese restaurant with fantastic XLB. We also tasted some of the dim sum dishes that are available at dinner time. The food was very tasty, and the service was excellent. I expected a larger variety of dumplings and condiments (if you serve dim sum you should have hoisin and mustard IMO). Overall a great experience. We will be back....with our own hoisin
Service was excellent! Soup dumplings were very good! I can't and could never have stinky tofu again in my life ... I think the cup noodle soup is much better than their noodle soup... it was so bland! I guess it was meant to be!
Definitely coming back here!! I've had many a soup dumpling and these are some of the best! They're thin and full of soup and pork. And the deal of getting a free serving is totally worth it. Came with family and some friends and we all enjoyed the food. Had the thick cut pork belly and it was so sweet and tasty. We were the only white people in the restaurant which I take as a good sign. If the locals are there then it's good.
Came in here on a Friday late morning for brunch. There was a line to get in so I assumed that t was pretty good. We had to take a number and then wait about 30 min to get a seat. Typical Chinese restaurant in flushing, very busy, cash only. We got a menu and placed an order in advance so when we got to our seat, the food would come immediately because we were hungry. Ordered the fries gluten, pretty good. Ordered the large soup dumplings, they give it with a straw. It was not that great but it looks great for photos. The large soup dumplings taste like the broth has crab mean or flavoring in there. But it's not worth it. Ordered extra regular soup dumplings and they were pretty good. Only thing is that the skin of them are a little thin so they may break pretty easily when you try to pick it up. Overall pretty good though.
$30 for 5 dishes? yessssss. The service is relatively fast. There is a rush of people so the waiters want you to eat quickly and leave. I would recommend getting here before the initial lunch rush so you don't have to wait for a table. Noodles: Actually really good and wasn't expecting dating this to be this good. They were crispy and plentiful for $10. The sauce was just right... not too salty. There was also a lot of shrimp and pork. Scallion pancake: Really inexpensive and filling. The pancake is filled with beef and smothered in sauce that tastes like the one in peking duck. Only $3.50 or something so definitely worth it. Xiaolong bao: MAKE SURE TO EAT IT ONCE IT GETS TO YOU. we ate it after a while and the fat solidified. Wasn't sure if they didn't steam it long enough or it was cooled down after it got to us. It's what they're known for so get it. You also get a free pork one if you get more than $10. Pan-fried dumpling: The filling was a combination of meat and lots of veggies. I'm not completely sure about what kind of vegetable it was but it seemed like spinach or chives. It was okay ... lots of other places sell cheaper dumplings like this.
My favorite place in flushing, pretty much come here every time I'm in the neighborhood. Come early as there is always a long line. Free order of soup dumplings if you order more than $10 and free dessert. Fantastic Shanghainese specialties all for great prices. Yes it's loud and the servers are pushy, but the food makes it all worth it
My ultimate favorite Shanghai restaurant. Nothing beats the food, the price and how quickly you get served here! Wait: There is almost always a wait, but it's worth it. You can make a reservation in advance which will bring you to the "top" of the waiting list, but that does not guarantee you seating as soon as you arrive. Price: Super affordable, full bellies (too full). They give you a free pork soup dumpling with your meal assuming you are ordering over a total of $10Go to dishes: EVERYTHING. It is best when the food is cooked fresh and it almost always is because there is such a large crowd. They're really known for their meat filled moon cakes, soup dumplings (even one dumpling that is filled with just soup - served with a straw) and of course the many other signature Shanghai dishes. Authentic food, good price, must visit
I honestly didn't know this place existed because it has a side door in a street that I don't really walk by, but I came here through a friend's suggestion. When we walked in, it was about 5pm-ish. There was no wait and we were seated right away. In terms of seating, they seat you together with another group in one table (especially if you don't have a large party). They try to fill the empty seats from tables first before filling up another table to get as many people seated as possible. When looking at the menu, they have a lot of similar dishes to a typical soup dumpling place.Since my friend and I wanted soup dumpling, we got that. It tasted like normal soup dumplings. No surprise there. **If you spend more than $10, you get a FREE pan of steamed pork buns (yes, it has soup inside).We also got the pan-fried beef noodles, which I suggest because soup dumplings itself is not very filling. Lastly, we opted for the soup filled bun. It looks like the popular XL soup dumplings and I never got to try it, so I definitely wanted to test it out. However, I was very disappointed... It is literally a soup filled, larger than normal bun. It has very tiny chucks of crab meat inside. First of all, the soup was not good (rating 2/5). And second of all, I'm not a fan of crab. But, my friend who likes crab said that she didn't really like it either. So, we were both let down. Other than that, everything else was great. The free steamed pork bun deal definitely made up for the disappointing soup bun.
My mother and I arrived at around 5:45pm on a Saturday evening to find the restaurant already packed. We waited for about 10 minutes, during which a waiter took our order so that the dishes arrived soon after we were seated. The place is fairly narrow with a limited number of booths (note for people with large parties). Also note: free dish of steamed dumplings for orders over $10! The waiter told us about the deal even without my showing him the Yelp check-in offer. We ordered the steamed crab dumplings $6.95 and the eight-treasure steamed rice delicacy ($5.95). The soup dumplings were indeed full of soup. I appreciated that the dumplings had a soft thin skin, with good skin to meat to soup ratio. What I did not appreciate was the misleading name of the steamed crab dumplings, since the filling actually very little crab and actually quite a lot of pork filling. The restaurant should actually mention pork in the description. While I might have been naive to assume that the filling would have been all crab (given the price), I would have thought twice about ordering the dish. Besides the misleading description of the crab dumplings, I'm also docking a star for the fact that they don't offer vegetarian soup dumplings (except for the large dumpling of $2.99 with solely soup inside). That's not to say that they don't have vegetarian options--they do--but not even a chive option for the soup dumplings. The eight treasure dish was generous in portion, but didn't have eight treasures. I counted the red bean, dates, grapes, and lotus seed, unless there were others I missed. We were also given a small complimentary bowl of goji berry rice wine soup. Very bland with way too many filler rice balls, but a nice touch at the end of the meal in any case. Service was ostensibly better than at most Chinese restaurants, with the wait staff friendly and helpful. The interior is quite lovely. I could bring my more fastidious Caucasian friends and family here in the future (but on the early side to avoid the long wait).
Really enjoyed my meal here! Although I can't really say that any of the food really blew my mind in terms of taste or uniqueness, I'd still have to give this restaurant 5 stars because it's just run so well and efficiently and the food is good. The price is also very reasonable. Plus a free basket of soup dumplings is super generous of them to offer. (Though I ended up ordering more food than I needed because I didn't want to take advantage of it~)The soup dumpling here is really good though. Perfect in flavor and texture. Service is excellent and quick in a good way. They had us order food while waiting to be seated so the food comes fairly quick after being seated and the line moves along. You get a pot of tea with your meal too. And the place is clean. The only thing I would dock maybe .5 stars about is that the stir friend rice cake dish and the fried spare rib that we had was a tad bit too oily. I'd definitely still come back soon though~
A 3.5 restaurant. 4 is encouragement, to do better. I've been a faithful costumer of their take out store when they were still at the old location, which was corner of Main Street and 40th Road (an old post and video during Chinese New Year 2012  IreneEng.com/?p=40643). After they moved to the current location, a few doors down to 40th Road, I followed them. Their bbq ribs, duckies, chickens are very good. They accepted credit card over $30 purchase. Then one day earlier this year, they stopped accepting credit card, which made me stop going. Recently another popular eatery in Flushing, a block away, Nanxiang Xiaolongbao was closed for tax evasion. The government is not dumb - they have a 'blue book' for restaurants. So ...Today I went here with a family member, which is cross street from their take out store, which is a surprise to me. So close and I used to go so often, yet didn't discover this one. It's very busy at 1 pm. We waited for 30 minutes. When we left around 2pm, the restaurant's slowing down - the waiting line was gone. The decor is ok, for this type of eatery. Service is good. Food is 4.0 out of 5.
A close Japanese friend of mine is moving away from New York City. He wanted to try a good authentic soup dumpling near Flushing area, and we narrowed it down to Shanghai You Garden due to all the positive reviews and pictures on Yelp. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a friendly lady staff outside of the restaurant. She gave us a number and told us to wait outside. A few minutes later, we were asked to go inside. As we walked through the main door, the dumpling making and steaming stations were immediately on our left. You can watch these ladies making soup dumplings through the glass like a fish tank. After the dumpling station, there's a cold dish station serving fried bean gluten, jellyfish turnip and etc. A few minutes later, we were seated. The whole process of taking a number, waiting, and seating was very systematic. I applaud their management for making it less anxiety.We were presented with a beautiful picture menu. Sometimes, a picture menu is far more helpful for someone who is not familiar with the Shanghainese cuisine. The waiter casually mentioned if we ordered more than $10, we will get a set of soup dumpling. We were surprised and pleased. One thing I learned from eating at Shanghai You Garden, is that Shanghainese food, in general, is not as spicy as compared to Szechuan style. We came here for their famous soup dumpling and did not disappoint. Several dishes really stand out from the rest are the Fried Croaked Fish, Fried Bean Gluten, Black Fungus, Grandma's Braised Pork, and the Red Bean Rice Cake.I minus one star from the review due to cash only. All in all, I am glad that I've tried this place and really enjoyed most of the dishes here. Will be back soon.
I have lived in Flushing for most of my life so I have had my fair share of pork buns but this place definitely ranks high on my top ten list. While walking to the LIRR one Sunday in the clusterfunk that is Main Street, I randomly saw a huge line outside of a restaurant and decided to mentally and literally bookmark it so I too would know what the hype was about.  I ended up coming back later that week with my mom on a Thursday night and only having to wait 10 minutes which was fine with me because I got to watch the women actually make the dumplings right in front of you.  The speed and efficiency in which they work is pretty incredible and watching it is deeply hypnotizing. The space is bright and spacious as well as lively.  We ordered the crab and pork buns, scallion pancake with beef, shanghai noodles, and fried ribs with garlic sauce.  We also ended up getting a complimentary order of the pork buns which was a random bless up moment.  Everything came out fast, hot, and fresh.  The ribs were a little on the fatty side but I didn't mind it cause it was so crispy and the bits of fried garlic helped to cut through the fattiness.  Having had both buns, my mom and I definitely preferred the pork over the crab.  The pork was just so flavorful and tender and soupy and just the best thing for when the day is under 55 degrees.  The crab tasted a little tough and were not as delicate as I prefer.  The shanghai noodles were amazing.  Talk about comfort.  Served with thin strips of pork and bok choy, noodles obviously hand pulled and had a good bite to it.  The scallion pancake with beef was lit as the kids say.    Order it, even if you don't finish it, take it to go.  Next morning cook a sunny side up egg put that on top and call it breakfast.  Boom.  You're welcome.This place is great, it has pictures of everything on their menu.  The waitstaff was super friendly and you get a complimentary dessert.  I mean really what more could you want from your local bun place.  Great experience will for sure be coming back!
Awesome spot for Shanghainese food. There's an extensive menu with dumplings, noodles, cold appetizers -- don't come here expecting dimsum though because that's more of a Cantonese thing.Pros: affordable, great variety, decently nice interior, food comes extremely fastCons: can be hectic, can feel rushed, cash onlyIt's always a good idea to start off with hot sweet soy milk and crispy dough to dunk into it. My go-to appetizer is kaofu/gluten (sounds weird, but it's like spongy tofu + bamboo + mushrooms marinated in sweet soy sauce). I also loved the noodles with scallion sauce (dried fragrant scallion tossed with soy sauce based sauce), handmade dumplings (high-quality pork and leek filling), soup dumplings (DUH) which is buy 2 get 1 free. Pass on the wontons in spicy sauce unless you like peanut butter.The panfried pork buns are probably the best in NYC because there's actually soup in there, but only a teaspoon. I was sad that the scallion pancake with beef wasn't as good as Nanxiang - too much pancake and not enough beef. The rice cakes with shredded pork were just ok, I prefer my rice cakes cooked longer until slightly gooey. If you want a taste of some pretty legit Shanghai food and great xiaolongbao, I HIGHLY recommend making a reservation - I booked a table the day before for noon on a Saturday and skipped the long line.
We arrived around 1:30 pm on Saturday (Labor Day weekend) and already tons of people were in line waiting that went out of the restaurant, many were families of 4 or more. We had two and were told the wait time was at least 30 minutes. We got our number and were given the menu to look at.15-20 minutes later, staff came to is and took our orders so that we could start eating soon after we sit down. After ordering, we moved to inside the restaurant and waited for another 15 minutes or so.Less than 5 minutes after we sat down, our food started to come out.  We ordered a lot of stuff: Shanghai style Pork Moon Cake ($8 for 4), Savory sticky rice roll ($2.75), Millet Rick cake ($1.25), Sticky rice balls with salted yolk ($10 for 4), Pork and Chinese vegetables wonton soup ($5.5 for 8), Fried stinky bean curd ($7), Plain soymilk ($1.5), Sweet sky bean curd ($1.5), Chinese vegetables with bean curd stir fry ($5.5), and a Soup filled bun for each of us ($2.99/each). *** They offer a free case of Shanghai pork buns (Xiaolongbao) per table. If you are not here specifically for the buns, or you just want to have a flavor of it, you don't need to order extras or the individual soup filled buns. *** I Everything was delicious, but I really loved their-- Sticky rice balls with salted yolks (青团): chewy doughy sticky rice (think of mochi) itself has no taste (maybe a little herbal or grass taste, if you are familiar with Asian cooking), but goes so well with slightly salted yolk and shredded dried pork. So tasty! -- Sticky rice roll with fried dough inside (糯米团子): I simply love anything made with sticky rice and my favorite, fried dough!!! It's not seasoned with heavy sauce or anything but salt, and the fried dough has also simple sweetness from just the dough. What makes it yummy is they have these sweet and salty crispy pickles that enrich the taste and texture.-- Millet Rick cake (糍粑): One of my favorites and I haven't had it for over 10 years!!! Very simple taste. Just some salt, black pepper, and pan fried sticky rice! So chewy but unlike the sticky balls, you can feel you are chewing rice itself. Reminds me of my childhood!!!!-- Pork and Chinese vegetables wonton soup: gooey wonton skins and a lot of fillings. Had the original flavors of the meat and vegetables. -- Soy milk and sweet soybean curd: a large bowl of soy milk as well as bean curd and they both were only $1.5!!! I didn't finish my soymilk and had it taken home.The only thing you can skip, imo, is the soup filled buns. It's a bit big. The soup was delicious, but too greasy and salty. The bun skin was really thick in order to keep the soup inside the bun, so it's not easy to eat. And the bottom of the bun absorbed all the oil from the soup, making it fattening and less tasty. The price for the dim sum is reasonable since the portion is large and the taste is yummy. Would go back for takeout (yes, they have takeout!)
Great dim sum all day long. First, we had the crispy pork bun. The bun was crispy and flakey. I added the pepper paste for enhanced spiciness. Next, we had the soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings. The regular (I believe pork) dumplings are complimentary. I liked the regular ones a little more than the crab, yet they were both savory and delicious. After, we had the spicy beef tendon. It's served cold and thinly sliced. It has a jelly like texture. I enjoyed it. Lastly, we had the fried pork bao. This last one was my favorite because the bao absorbed the juiciness of the meat. I also thought it was seasoned the best.All in all, the service was quick and attentive. We found it reasonable priced considering we sampled five dishes for about $30. Parking on 40th Road is difficult, so you may want to park elsewhere and walk to the restaurant.
We try to get xiao long bao every time we are in Flushing and used to go to Nan Xiang a lot, but there's always a pretty ridiculous wait there. When we came here (for lunch), there was no wait so we were pretty happy about that. The restaurant is also nicely renovated and feels pretty clean.The soup dumplings are solid but some of the other food is not authentic. The wuxi spareribs, for example, were memorable for being huge, but did not look or taste the way wuxi spareribs are supposed to look/taste.We'll be back for the soup dumplings, but only if there's no wait.
@charlotte and I haven't been to flushing much, so we picked the closest thing to the mall since we were starving. The best part of this place is the soup dumplings that they make fresh in the front of the restaurant. Check in for a free steamer of Xiao long bao! Such an awesome deal. We got this veggie dish called indica because that's a classification of weed - plus we're immature. Turned out to be minced bean curd and green veg and actually delish. The noodles with beef were way over cooked and all mushed together. Braised pork belly could have been a lot softer and didn't come with rice. Still ate a ton bc I was starving. We spent a total of $40 for two which is great in my book. Cash only!!
I love Shanghai You Garden! We as a group of 4 came at ~6pm and were seated immediately. We ordered way too much food, but everything was so delicious. We had scallion cake, shu mai, xlb pork and pork +crab, cucumber garlic, chicken special, chicken in wine sauce, lo mein, sweet and sour fried fish. My fav was definitely the xlb and fried fish. The fried fish was so crunchy and flavorful. And the soup from xlb was superb. The staff was friendly. Food was served quickly. At the end we were given free dessert (some kind of sweet congee) but i dont really like its taste. I'll recommend my friends if they want a good restaurant in Flushing. Remember to check in for a free xlb!!!
Our second Shanghai restaurant experience in Flushing. This might not be a fair competition given that we ordered many more dishes, but we like You Garden better than Nanxiang. First off, you get six Xiao long bao for free! The staff is fast and friendly (a funny guy took our order Witt great humor). Though we waited half an hour for a Saturday lunch, we were happy with everything we ordered in the end, especially the crab xiao long bao. After lunch we packed some Shanghai-style sticky rice desserts home, and they are all delicious. We will definitely come back when having a crave for good Shanghai dim sum.
I am very very disappointed Shanghai You Garden! My aunt was visiting from California and after a long 6+ hours flight, I told her we have the best Shanghai in NYC and I decided to take her to your place as her first meal in NYC and you serve us nothing but raw chicken and egg shell in wonton?!? Also, your soy bean is not smooth, in fact, it was not that great. The only reason why I left some stars on is because your salty bean curd is still delicious and your staffs are nice and were helpful.
A friend told me about this place offering free soup dumplings with Yelp check-in. Sure, why not give it try. Who isnt a fan of soup dumplings and especially when its free? It was way fancier than we expected, almost felt underdressed. I mean, we were almost in our pjs. LOL. Tables are very big and even the chairs are heavy. But just because they spend money on decor that doesnt mean the food is good It was packed for a Sunday night. We arrived at 930 or so, and good thing it they are opened until 11. They have a section next to the cashier when you walk in for the soup dumplings. It is prepared and made there to order.Once we sat, I showed the waiter the free soup dumpling special. Very friendly staff. Always attentive. Since we got the soup dumplings for free, we ordered an extra dish. We got two entrees, the meatball with crab meat, general tsos chicken and rather than getting the white rice we got a noodle.It was a little on the salty side for me, just a bit but overall the food wasnt bad. The meatball dish was bigger than expected, so we didnt finish that. the general tsos chicken was very good.To end the meal, they had some sweet dough dumpling soup. It was a great way to finish the meal and not your typical fruit.
Solid xiao long baos (not literally). There's always a long line but it goes quick! It's worth the wait. I like that the place is spacious and you have ample table space for all your baos. The crab & pork xiao long baos are the thing to get here. Comparable to Nan Xiang. Thin skin, soup inside, crab meat. They also gave us complimentary pork xiao long baos, I think, because of the wait. If you check in on Yelp, they also do the same. (I did check in on Yelp but didn't show them... unless they thought we looked like Yelpers and just gave it to us automatically?)
Love the fact that they open early at 8 am and really appreciate their spend $10 or more, get a free pork soup dumplings deal. My friend and I came here for breakfast around 10 am with the intention to try their soup dumplings out since we've already been to all the other XLB places in Flushing except for this one. The restaurant is located right across from Corner 28 and was pretty small but clean with a nice interior. Plenty of street parking nearby but not in front since you can't park at those spaces 'til 7 pm. The staff were very nice and friendly, probably because my friend was speaking to them in their language. We ordered the crab meat & pork soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings and pan fried pork buns. The soup dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but they were still decent and flavorful with just the right amount of broth inside. The pan fried pork buns was a bit oily and the skin was sorta thick but it was quite tasty, it even had broth inside just like the soup dumplings. I'd definitely come back here again.
They have amazing pork and crab Xiao long bao I always go there for that but they need more English speaking people
I think this is my SO's favorite Chinese restaurant in all of the world, so ten stars for that. Everything is pretty solid in this restaurant. I guess the thing I appreciate is food is more or less consistent. As is service. They're very popular but they're pretty smart about seating and turning over tables. They also work together as a team. I appreciate this place. Will be back!
I came here because my friend said this was her favorite soup dumpling joint to go to. Sort of hard to find, but it's right next to T-Mobile. I came here with a party of 4 on a Sunday. We made reservations for 5pm, and good thing we did because it was super packed. It was so busy that I found it hard to flag down anyone. If you order more than $10, they give you an order of soup dumplings for free! Their Shanghai udon noodles were really good, so was the spicy bamboo shoots, vinegar cucumbers and their pancakes. I don't recommend their beef pancakes...the meat was too old and tough. I was expecting ground beef but this was dry. The soup dumplings were pretty good--the dumpling skin never broke, that's a plus! Probably my go to spot for soup dumplings!  Their dessert soup was a nice surprise. It was warm rice wine with mochi, egg and goji berries.
Really fast paced restaurant in Flushing, New York!They serve a delicious free pork XLB which is the reason why I wanted to go to this restaurant.  My family and I are here a couple days ago and I wanted to come here again to take my friend.  The food was on point and very quickly made.
This is the BEST dim sum spot in my opinion! To be honest I think this is better than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. Although, I would avoid coming here on the weekends because it is beyond packed. The service here is quick and the place is very clean! I also got a free bao for checking in!This is what I ordered:Iced Soy Milk ($2): This is really good and a little sweet. Goes great with the food there!Shanghai Egg Roll ($1.50): Very flavorful. It is a little on the oily side tho. Fried Bun w. Chives and Egg ($3.95): This was okay. I can't say I would go crazy for it. The flavor was a little bland and there wasn't that much filling. The skin was a little hard to bite too.Pan Fried Pork Bun ($6.50 for 6) I actually didn't eat this the day of. Kind of got to much food. I reheated this two days later and it was still spectacular! The filling was juicy and flavorful and the skin was soft, but crispy on the bottom!Pork and Vege Wonton in Spicy Sauce ($4.95): This was probably the worst in all the dishes I ordered. They put peanut butter in the sauce which made it taste really funky. The filling was bland and nothing about the wonton was spicy. Spicy Beef Tripe ($7.95): I highly recommend this dish. It was excellent. Variety of flavors in the beef and tripe. The tripe was done to a perfection, where you can't taste the nasty flavors. Soy Peas, Pickled Cabbage & Shredded Bean Curd ($3.95): This was not what I expected. Tasted very nice and very well put together. I just needed vegetables in my life.Big Soup Dumpling ($2): If you do not like crab tasting or fishy food, do not order this!! There is no filling on the inside but, there was a lot of soup in the dumpling.Pork Soup Dumpling (Free): This was just like any other soup dumpling you get at dim sum places. It was pretty good.The portion here are pretty small so, you can try a lot of stuff. I was stuffed by the time I left. Would highly recommend this place!
I had a variety of items on our first visit here. Steam Pork Buns (FREE with Yelp promo!!!)Steam Crab Meat Pork Buns (MUST HAVE)Shrimp DumplingPork & Vegetable Wonton in Peanut-Chili SauceSpicy Beef Tripe (BEST DISH)Grandma-Style Braised PorkPan Fried Noodles with PorkRice Cake with Beef (LEAST FAVORITE - too salty)Giving a four star because it was CASH ONLY :-(Overall, I had a great time, fast service and delicious food.
This place is the bomb.  Clean inside, plenty of space, great price on delicious food!  There's usually a wait in the evening but they have a great system down for handing out numbers and as it approaches your turn to get a table they'll come outside and take your order so that as soon as you are seated your food is coming out hot. We tried a bunch of stuff:Shrimp DumplingsPan Fried DumplingsVegetable DumplingsSoup DumplingsScallion PancakesCrystal ShrimpCrispy Noodles with SeafoodXiaolongbaoAlso, their Xiao Long Bao is amazing.  Thick enough dough to not tear when you pick it up but not so thick that it's super chewy.  And easily the richest soup broth I've ever had in XLB.This is a go-to place for sure.
Crappy service here. All the employees treat the paying customer like a piece of trash here. FYI it's the same owner here as the duck shop across the street. Food was tolerable. Purchased the soft tofu
Had a disaster experience here not because of the place, but because I let the juice of the Xiao Long Bao blast all over my clothes...The food and service here is pretty good! We ordered 1 Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao, 2 Spare Ribs w/ garlic sauce, 1 Shanghai Noodle, 1 Beef Scallion Pancake, and got a free order of Pork Xiao Long Bao.The Xiao Long Bao is good, but I still think there are better ones in Flushing. The meat inside was a little tough, and the outer skin was a little dry. The Shanghai Noodles were as it should be, and delicious! The scallion pancake wasn't my favorite, the meat was very chewy and hard to eat, but the flavor was ok.The Spare Ribs with Garlic Sauce was a big MISTAKE. I was expecting something similar to when you eat at Chinese Restaurants, but it was completely different. Every bite was oily and tasteless. I would not recommend this dish.The price is very reasonable and the food overall was doable, I'd come back again.
Great soup dumplings and service! Not to mention it's definitely the prettiest one in the area. When in Flushing, I usually go either Joe Shanghai or Nan Xiang. Maybe even Kung Fu (which is further, but still). Anyway, I think it's safe to say that this is a new go-to for me! The free order of XLB also helps. When we came in on a Saturday night, there was about a half hour wait. Once we did get seated, the server took our order right away, set us up with some tea, and food came out pretty quickly. We had pork buns, the udon noodles, two orders of XLB, and one "giant" XLB. I liked that the menu had pictures of everything and it was organized in a way that made sense to me. Everything was delicious. The XLB had a good broth, and the dumpling was thin but sturdy enough to hold everything in. The giant xlb wasn't really what I was expecting - it was all soup and no meat. It made for good pictures, but I wouldn't order it again. Lastly, they ended our meal, inexplicably with jiu niang. Neither me nor my boyfriend had had it before, but it smelled like sake and the balls were chewy so we were a fan!
I wish there was a 3.5 star option. We actually really enjoyed our meal, but two out of our party had GI issues after our visit. However, while we were there, it impressed us enough that we were already making plans to come back with family. My husband was born in Shanghai so we have eaten our fair share of shanghainese food. I will be comparing the food to Nan Xiang since that is my go to shanghainese place. The koufu (gluten) was a little bit more firmer and less oily than the one at nan xiang. So it is a tie there in terms of flavor. The Shanghai noodles were a lot mushier at Shanghai you, seems like they boil the udon. It seems a lot firmer at nan xiang, almost like they fry their noodles and I like the salt pepper powder they use at nan xiang. The skin on the soup dumplings are a little thicker, so less breakage. Soy bean milk was on the sweeter side. The salted silken tofu dish was very good. The yuoteow is better at nan xiang. But the decor and service is better at Shanghai you. Don't forget the free order or pork soup dumplings through yelp. Nan Xiang still wins in my book, but I plan to go back for dinner to try their other traditional shanghainese dishes that nan xiang does not offer like the dipong (pork belly). Hope my husband and mother in law are willing to give it another shot given their GI issues. The giant soup dumpling was probably the cause.
Everything we ate was incredible. But the soup dumplings are amazing! And when you spend over $10, you get a portion of soup dumplings for free!!
I was looking for a place in Flushing with amazing soup dumplings. With the plethora of restaurants in NY, it's so hard to find "the best" anything. I read a Thrillist or Eater type article about "where to find the best soup dumplings in Flushing" and Shanghai You Garden came up as one of them. And to be perfectly honest, I'm not totally sold. Though I've had plenty of SDs that are good, I've never had one that rocked my world. Shanghai You Garden is exactly that - good, but not amazing. If I have SD cravings, I can certainly come here and be satisfied. But I'm still on the hunt for those SDs that will change me. If you know where I can find SDs that will give me a new perspective on life, please please please help me find them. One more thing to note - when you get there, someone will be outside taking names. They will always tell you 20 minutes. Doesn't sound too bad right? Well, 20 minutes really just gets you into the door and waiting again. Then you spend another 20 minutes waiting for your table. But the smart thing that they do is that while you are waiting for your table to clear up, they take your order. That way when you finally sit, your food starts to come out pretty quickly. I see what you did there Shanghai You Garden. I see you.
Shanghai You Garden makes some pretty mean Steamed Crab Meat Pork Buns ($6.75). Crab Meat Pork Buns. They offer a regular pork option, in fact, they give it away when you use their Yelp promotion or spend a certain dollar amount. Their pork version is so poorly made that they're better off removing it from their menu. I think they carelessly mass produce a bunch in the morning because they know they will be handing them out for free.The Steamed Crab Meat Pork Bun version is vastly better. The smooth skin that enfolds the soup and meat is delightfully thin. There's a decent amount of crab flavor blended with the pork and the soup is rather tasty.Finally, we get to the Soup Filled Bun ($2.99). This menu item made Shanghai You Garden popular with 5-year-olds all the way to 98-year-olds. This single item spread throughout Instagram, Facebook, and word of mouth because of its "innovative" redesign of the millennium-old soup dumpling. It definitely made Shanghai You Garden successful based purely on its customers and publicity, but its success ends there.This dish disappointed me more than the complete and utter failure of the Batman vs. Superman movie. The Soup Filled Bun at Shanghai You Garden was absolute, without a doubt, trash. I wish I had a trashcan so I could hurl it in there and shout, "this is fucking vile." I saw two grandmas eat this and whisper in Mandarin, "this tastes bad." Grannies, this dish is worse than bad, it's utter horse shit.It's literally meatless oily soup (the exact same soup from the regular soup dumplings) inside a large, tough, thick dough enclosure. If you are unfortunate enough to order this, you will be drinking 40% oil and choking down this stale dry excuse for edible flour. In fact, you're better off burning the $3 because then you'll at least witness something cool.
Cuisine: 6Service: 5Decor: 7Value: 5Overall: 6Being from Shanghai, my family had high hopes for this restaurant. Walking into the dining room, it sure looks good, but the food and service left us wishing for more.Their best item is the soup dumplings, especially the aromatic crab & pork version. It is definitely one of the better ones in Flushing. However, almost everything else was just okay. Service was average, and nothing special enough that made me want to come back regularly. I guess I would every once in a while for the soup dumplings since they are one of the only places open for breakfast early.
Last year. my boyfriend, friends, and I came here for a friend's birthday dinner. The restaurant is relatively new with beautiful Asian artsy decor. The restaurant is fairly clean and the ceiling is hung with Chinese calligraphy and the walls have a Chinese floral design with Chinese paintings hung on the wall as well.I made reservations for 8PM, but the restaurant would not sit us down until everyone arrived. While we were waiting for the arrival of some friends, the waiter in the restaurant was willing to take down our orders so at least the food would be ready when we sat down. It can get crowded here easily, so best to come early and/or make reservations.My friends ordered chicken in wine sauce, cold beef tendon, and spicy beef tripe. I've never been a fan of chicken bathed in wine sauce. The cold beef tendon was delicious and had a bit of a sesame taste to it. The spicy beef tripe was okay, but not something I would normally eat.We ordered a dish of crispy noodle with beef. It was absolutely delicious! My only complaint is that the noodles didn't have a crunchy texture. I was looking for that golden brown and crunchy bite, but it wasn't there. I ordered the rice cake with shredded pork & preserved mustard. This is a must-have whenever I go to Shanghainese restaurant. This was amazing, but the only complaint here was the portion size. It was quite small and we finished the dish in minutes.We weren't full from the dishes we ordered so we actually ordered additional items, but I didn't have a chance to take pictures.Steamed Pork Buns & Steamed Pork and Crab Buns - these were amazing! I was never a huge fan of the steamed pork and crab buns at another restaurant I've been to with my boyfriend, but amazingly these were delicious.Steamed Soy Milk - I haven't had steamed soy milk since I was a child. It brought back a lot of memories. I was super happy and excited about having this. I thought it was interesting that it was served in a plate.Rice Cake with Beef - We ordered an additional entree as we weren't full from the dishes we had earlier. The beef version was okay, but I prefer my shredded pork and preserved mustard rice cake.Overall, we had a good experience. Food was definitely a lot better than some of the Shanghainese restaurants I've been to. Service was good, but the only issue is that most of the staff speaks Mandarin and my boyfriend and I don't understand the dialect.. I would definitely return to this restaurant again.Just an FYI:Most of the staff don't speak English except for one or two staff members..This is also a CASH only restaurant.
Love the dumplings. They even have a super size dumpling.  Juicy!  The offer a free item with a certain purchase amount.  You have to check with the wait staff for the deal.  Atmosphere is very welcoming!
2.5 stars**Came here with the husband on a lunch date on a rainy Tuesday. Shared a table with 2 other Asian people - disliked them staring at us eat and talking about us next to us lol The food was just mediocre. Nothing special or outstanding. Maybe we did not order the popular dishes?The Shanghai noodle did not have enough "wok hay". It tasted as if they only added soy sauce and mixed it in the noodle. Don't recommend.Ordered 2 steamed buns, 1 just pork and another a pork and crab meat combo. Then I checked into Yelp and realized you get a steamed pork bun for free on orders over $10, which is automatically discounted, no showing of the yelp check-in needed. The skin was good and thin, but the meat was slightly bland and dried, very rough tasting. The soup was not steamy HOT, the way we like it.Maybe the only good we found was the free pork bun deal. And also the quickness of the food coming out of the kitchen since we were hungry.Will not return.PS: They kindly give you a bag for your wet umbrella upon entering the restaurant.
Went to see Lady Gaga at Citi Field. Well, Flushing has a bustling Chinatown. Googled Best Cheap Chinese near me & this pop up, read some of the reviews and we decided to take a walk. Yes, walk, the place is only 1.2 miles away from Citi Field or you can take the subway from Citi Field to Main St Flushing, one stop.We arrived at about 6:30PM. OOPS, the place was packed, there were people outside, inside waiting to be seated. The hostess told us there was a 15 minute wait, we decided to stay. We were not sure if that would be the case but we were seated in about 15 minutes.The menu, in four languages Chinese, English, Korean & Spanish plus photos of each dish. As soon as we were seated teapot of hot tea arrived. After another 10 to 15 minutes we decided on three dishes. Shanghai Special Chicken, Steamed Snowleaf with Shrimp Dumpling, Pan Fried Noodle with Shredded Pork and two beers.The first to arrive was the chicken, half a breast with skin on. Don't know what they do that chicken but it was deeeeeelisious! Moist, tender - yum. Next, came the Noodles, also yum. In the meantime a serving of dumplings arrived but not the one's we ordered. We told our waiter that those are not what we ordered - he, complimentary on the house. Six Pork Soup dumplings & they were deeeelisious. Finally our dumpling arrived. By this time wife and I were full, had the leftovers packed. And last but not least complimentary dessert of congee or sweet soybean curd arrived.Now for the bill, all of this came to - drumroll please...$30 including tax, two beers. The most expensive dish on the menu is Duck Soup at $29.99 but that is for four or more people. I would venture to say 85% of the menu items are under $10, the cheapest is Millet Rice Cake at $1.25.So if you're heading out to Citi Field for a game, concert or any event & don't want to spend an arm and a leg of stadium fast food take a walk or subway to Main St. Flushing. I guarantee you, you will no be disappointed.Oh I did forget to mention this is better then Joe's Shanghai or Ginger.
You best get yourself over here before Shanghai You Garden gets any more popular. Their soup dumplings, nay Shanghainese foods are some of the best NYC has to offer. The rumor is that the head chef migrated from Nan Xiang to Shanghai You Garden, leading to an influx of xiao long bao enthusiasts, tourists, and garden gnomes. The interior of the restaurant is a bit nicer than typical Chinese restaurants. They also had a slickdeal at the time I went, spend $10 and get an order of XLB for free.
This place is awesome! They give you a free order of XLB if you spend over $10 which is easy if you come with 2 or more people. The XLB is delicious - flavorful, and juicy. I also got the large XLB they advertise outside that you drink with a straw, but that was underwhelming. Just a bond broth in a glorified bowl. Other favorites on the menu also include the dofu hua (tofu pudding), soy milk, and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancake with beef is also a must - crispy, flaky and flavorful.
The best thing to order here is soup dumplings: definitely pretty authentic :) the other dim sum dishes were mediocre so I wouldn't come here just to get dim sum. I will come back for brunch again most likely. Keep in mind of the long wait time during weekend peak times.
I like this one better than nan Xiang because they have better service and also offer one free steam dumpling per table. However, their food is on the salty side.
** Free order of soup dumplings when your bill goes over $10 **** Cash only **I came here with a party of 10 for a birthday celebration and as long as you arrive early enough there shouldn't be a long wait. Their soup dumplings, in my opinion, is good and I do find them delicious, but I think the Shanghainese XLB on Prince Street prepares them better. Their actual entrée and side dishes are bomb.com here. We must of had 10 different dishes, aside from the soup dumplings, and everything tasted so good! I would avoid ordering the large soup dumpling since I've heard reviews that it's pretty unimpressive in taste/flavor, unless you're just doing it for the 'gram.
In all honestly, I just came here for the soup dumplings. When they offer to give a free order of soup dumplings because the wait is long, my thoughts are that it is too good to be true or I am going to be a bit let down. Who gives away free orders of their best dish? Their soup dumplings are pretty good. Some ppl gets the crab/pork dumpling (yellow thing on the dumpling in case you didn't know how to tell it apart). I stay with the pure pork dumplings mainly because I can't taste the difference. It holds its own in flavor with other restaurants in Flushing and NYC. It won't wow me, but it will definitely won't disappoint either. Soup Dumpling is nostalgia at this point in my life. It's a perfectly bite size of delicious happiness. Their other food that I ordered were okay: croaker and pan fried noodles. Overall, the food is not bad, but I am not sure I am willing to wait for my next visit. The wait varies depending on group size and is usually between 15min-1 hour.
Shanghai You Garden Haiku:First Xiao Long Bao Free! Steamed Vegetable dumpling good! Food come fast and hotAte here twice in 2 days, and think I've hate enough of my XLB fill for this month. I really like that the first XLB batch is free! I will admit the soup is fatty and a little dull on taste, but the skin is thin enough and soft. The vegetable steamed dumplings seem to be a hit with everyone I bring here, and the Nian Gao is a must have to go with the oily XLB.
First time here on a Tuesday at 6:30pm and still had a very short wait. Not sure if it's popularity came from every table getting a free order of XiaoLong Bao (soup dumplings) which tasted pretty good. I came mainly to try the Soup-Filled Bun where you drink the crab soup through a straw. It looked adorable but was disappointed with the fishy taste. Also got the Scallion Pancake with Beef, Salty Soy Bean Curd, Cucumbers and Garlic and Wonton with Hot Oil. They were all okay but the cucumber was kind of bland. Overall the decor, utensils and service was nice so I guess I'll still come back to try their other dishes
my family's go-to spot for shanghainese cuisine.  really good.  and i really appreciate that they have youtiao and sweet soy milk.
Really tasty and great bang for your buck! There were three of us and we got 8 or 9 plates to share...lots of food and came out to about $12/person. Our favorite dishes were the spicy wontons and ribs (fell right off the bone!). I really liked how they gave us to go menus and were able to take our orders outside while we waited for a table. We barely had to wait when we were seated.
My quest for NYCs best soup dumplings led me to Flushing. A friend recommended Shanghai You Garden to me, advising I try out the XXL soup filled bun.We arrived around 1.30pm on a Sunday afternoon and this place was popping off! All the tables were full with both large and small groups all tucking in to a feast of various dishes. Naturally I started to re think my Flushing Dumpling Tour (aka dump tour 2017) and order everything on the menu! It all looked great. But for the sake of reserving our stomachs for later we got the scallion pancake with beef (recommended by the lady sat next to us), two large soup filled buns and to our delight as we spent over $10 we were given a free portion of the pork soup dumplings - what a deal! Scallion pancake with beef was real tasty. The only thing I would say is that the pancake was a little too thick for the amount of beef but the flavor combo was spot on.The pork soup dumplings were up there with some of the best. A very solid soup dumpling.The large soup filled bun.... meh. I didn't particularly enjoy the flavor of the soup inside and to be honest I couldn't even confidently say what flavor it was. Also the bun it's self was very stodgy. I'm glad I tried it but can confirm, it sucks.Given how good the other food that we saw coming out cooked, I feel that a big Sunday lunch with a group of friends is next on the cards here. Good food at a good price... will be back!
It's get super busy so prepare to wait. The mini dumplings are so delicious! I enjoyed drinking the giant dumpling soup out of a straw.  Service was a tad bit slow, but the food made up for it.
Great spot! This place is very organized and has you seating with your order within minutes. At the entrance a women takes your party number and gives you a time and also hands you a menu. Then a waiter takes orders from the wait line.3 minutes after we sat down we were serve our dishes.If you like soy milk the sweet soy milk is a must! Taste very fresh and homemade.The XLB is good as well. Thin skin with a chewy texture.Don't forget to check in for the free  bun that you slurp with a straw.
Our family comes here a lot and I will have to say the flavoring of the food and quality of the food has slowly gone down each time we visit.The very first two times we went it was amazing, we were blown away how delicious the dishes were. Everything was flavorful, not too salty, just the way our family likes it.But the past two times we have visited, the prices has definitely gone up, but that's fine as long as the food is amazing, but we felt that the flavoring of things just were as good as it were the first few times we went.Not sure if they changed chefs, but we haven't gone there for a while now. Hopefully we will go back again and hope they still taste as great as it was when we first went.
This restaurant is so delicious!! The service is great and the price is right! I would recommend the soup dumplings, green sticky rice balls, fried Hong Kong bread, and much more. You can sit down and eat and the line goes really quickly. I would go here any day!
The location has a big affect. It's located at a shady place; however what you find inside is truly what you would call a hidden gem. Beautiful interior. Well-dressed employees. They all speak mandarin. I believe the manager took our order which made it a plus.I can't go through all the food so generally, I would have to say this was the best "dimsum" I've had. The free soup dumplings was a plus. Not the best soup dumplings, but that was already expected. As for everything else, very well made and seasoned impressively. +2 starsThe service was impeccable. Even though I couldn't speak mandarin, the server explained everything and recommended choices without feeling disturbed. All in all, great service. +2 starsWas it a journey? It did impress me, but not there yet. Definitely find this gem of a place. Don't get scared by the surroundings.
Advice for first-comers: it's cash only, and absolutely do NOT order the large soup dumpling!Came around 5-6 pm and there was no wait. I liked seeing the cooks make the dumplings behind a glass wall as I walked into the restaurant as it gives you a sense of freshness. All the employees seemed to be Shanghainese so I guess that also gives you a sense of authenticity. Things ordered: har gao (shrimp dumplings), pork soup dumplings, and crab and pork soup dumplings. The food came out relatively quickly. All the dumplings were plump with meat and full of flavor. In fact, the har gao had 2 whole pieces of juicy shrimp, and I didn't have to dig for the meat when I bit into the soup dumplings. There's quite a bit of pork inside, but the crab and pork dumplings were a bit on the oily side. They were flavorful, but I think the crab meat was oily because the pork only dumplings weren't oily at all. Being highly curious about the large soup bun that's advertised, it was added to the order. I should've been suspicious of it when the waiter said "maybe" when asked if the large soup dumpling was any good... It turned out to be a complete waste of $3. I wish they would've charged more for it and provided a better tasting soup bun! The bun had no meat what so ever, and the soup inside it lacked any good flavor! It literally tasted like thin soup that had yet to develop any flavor. I was really disappointed the broth in it didn't taste remotely close to the broth in the regular soup dumplings. I actually prefer this place to Joe's Shanghai. The dumplings are more flavorful rather than just salt seasoning. Would definitely come here again!
This place has delicious pork & crab meat soup dumplings and great service. The overall environment is clean and all the other food options, including the stir fried udon and rice cakes are pretty great too. Had to wait quite a bit for my soup dumplings, but I was glad with my overall experience. I will definitely come again :)
This small storefront restaurant nestled in the busy section of downtown Flushing turned out to be a wonderful gem!The restaurant turned out to be "deep" and was bigger than how it seemed from the street. The tables were good sized, able to accommodate multiple delicacies one could possibly ingest!Everything tasted really good! That's a rare find for me.We ordered: Shanghai Special Chicken that looked like Hainanese Chicken, but with the most delicious sauce.Chinese Vegetable with Bean Curd - Something I usually steer clear of, but this finely chopped dish was so delicious that I put in another order for take out.Sauteed Tofu with Salted Preserved Egg Yolk & Shrimp had the soft, silken tofu in delicious preserved duck yolk sauce.Rice Cake with Salted Egg that has the most delicious combination of dried ground pork and duck yolk encased in green mochi.Fried Loofah Soy Bean with Gluten was refreshing and no bitter taste from the loofah at all.Bean & Pig Hoof Soup was reported by my eating companion as most delicious - She is a connoisseur of delectable foods, as is an expert culinary home chef, so I totally take her word for it!The waiter brought us complimentary steam buns : ) which tasted fine (I still hold out for Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao on this one).The bill was really small for all of this most delicious food!When I bragged about the restaurant to others, a colleague of mine recommended trying Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef - she said the pancake is deliciously crispy.I can't wait to go back to try more delicious dishes!
This is one of my favorite places to go to for soup dumplings. They have a great selection of food and it's always nice to receive an extra order of soup dumplings after ordering more than $10. Some dishes I can recommend are the sweet and sour fried fish, pan fired pork soup dumplings, wonton soup and noodles. However, when you go, be ready to wait in line since this place is incredibly popular.
I love the soup dumplings here and the service is great. They give free soup dumplings if you spend at least $10 which is on the yelp check in offer. Today I got the wine chicken, scallion pancake with some meat, and an iced soy milk. With that they gave me free soup dumplings. Loved it.
Have I really not written a review for this place yet?! I feel like I come here at least once a month or two. According to Yelp, 8 times already.First things first: 1) Come early. Every time I come here, every table is usually filled and I have to wait. The longest I've waited was 15-20 minutes which wasn't too bad.2) Cash only. 3) Check in on Yelp and get complimentary steam pork buns. Sometimes they let you redeem for pork soup dumplings instead.OK! Now that you've settle down here is my typical order: Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed - You're probably wondering what the heck is this dish. If you like fish, this is your dish. I don't know any other restaurant in Flushing that serves this so give it a shot. It's a seasonably well fried fish. It is a tad greasy so beware.XLB - Crab & Pork meat - This is my favorite of the two they offer. I like how their dumpling skin is thin and you get more meat inside. Turnip Puff - Usually a breakfast delicacy, but you can order for dinner too. Love the wholesome heartiness of this.Noodle Soup - Generally speaking, it is huge. I think it's meant to be shared family style. Very generous with the noodles.Pan fried U-don noodles - very good, flavorfulOn my to try list:Rice cake with beefBig soup dumpling with straw (new!)At the end, they may or may not serve you complimentary rice wine ball soup. I believe the Chinese dessert is called "jiu niang". It's basically tang yuan, glutinous balls, floating in fermented rice wine. I was pretty sad yesterday they didn't give us any. If you never had it before, it's definitely an acquired taste. Most of the time I just pick out the glutinous balls and eat that. So gooood.Well, I guess see you next month Shanghai You Garden!
Nice spot to go on a weekday to avoid the crowds.  It is tuck away in prince st.  I have to say the big crab soup dumpling is really great to drink.  Super hot and don't eat the skin.  It is extra thick to compensate the soup. I think its order 10 bucks or more you get an extra set of soup dumplings for free!  I haven't tried everything yet, but you won't be disappointed.
Worth the long wait on Mother's Day.Complaints: turnip puffs were cold in the middle but they gave us a fresh order after we let them know. The giant xiao long bao were way too crabby/fish for me. Really good stuff: kung pao eel, regular xiao long bao (2 orders for free), snow pea leaves, chinese vegetables and beancurd, watercress dumplings. Wifi.
Delicious! The soup dumplings were just the right amount of meat & skin ratio and it never broke while picking it up. The soup was delicious and it came out pipping hot which i Love! Short wait but they're efficient about it -- waiter takes your order while you wait for a table. They even charged my phone for me while we ate, so thankful!
Shanghai You Garden is worth the long trek to Flushing, Queens. This has been one of my favorite Shanghainese dining experiences in NYC. The restaurant is very busy so expect a wait to get seated. Efficiently, they have you place your order while you wait, so the food comes out right away once you're at your table. Excellent authentic dishes, generous portions, and affordable prices. We ordered 10 dishes and the total bill came out to be only $66. It fed 5 of us with plenty of leftovers. And to top it off, the restaurant gives complimentary soup dumplings and dessert.The service was very attentive and the restaurant had nice seating. Don't forget- cash only!
I was in Flushing staying with my family and was CRAVING Soup Dumplings. I hardly get out and eat chinese food on my own--partially because I'm lazy and partially because there's something about Chinese food where it's always better with a crowd. And honestly, the soup dumplings in SF are overpriced and whatever. Came in on a Friday morning, just around 11am or so. We were seated right away and it was hardly packed :) Of course, had to order the GIANT soup dumpling! We also got the regular xiao long bao as well (free with check in!) and some other small plates (savory tofu pudding, soy sauce chicken, and the SCALLION PANCAKES with Beef!)The giant soup dumpling wasn't bad.... but very thick skin (of course) and no meat (or just like small tufts of it). Be careful, you WILL burn your mouth if you don't wait a little. I much preferred the smaller dumplings and if I could go back, I would definitely get that instead next time. The scallion pancake---THE SCALLION PANCAKE. The dough was perfect, the seasoning was perfect, this was the best scallion pancake I've ever had period. DONE.Recommend! Good cheap eats for the win, Flushing has the best places to go, and this one did not disappoint :D
Super busy, which means that the food is good and we were not disappointed! The wait is actually not that bad. The food is great. All of them individually doesn't cost much, but it all adds up! So beware because everything looks sooo good! We got 5 things at it came out to be $58 ish (before tax).
If you have an Xiao Long Bao (XLB) aka soup dumpling craving, this is one of the go to places. Chinese breakfast (soy milk and egg pancakes) and great options for lunch and dinner make this place busy most times.  The design and decor is wonderful, and as told by one of the managers, an interior designer was hired to give that higher end feel.  The restaurant is in the middle of a three different billion dollar developments where units sell in the $1,200+ p/sq ft range and the street it self (which used to be more disheveled and somewhat dicey seems poised to redevelop. It can get crowded walking there and in the restaurant.  The booths are more spacious than the open tables. However you get to watch the chefs hand make the dumplings while you wait for a seat and if you have room you can do a XLB tour by going to the other popular XLB restaurants only 2-3 blocks away.   I think a XLB showdown is due.
Do you have a soft spot for the pretense of authenticity?  There are restaurants out there claiming to bring old school flavors back, whatever the heck that means.  Take for instance, the ridiculously long wait outside of Tim Ho Wan's new East village outlet, which was supposed to call forth the flavors of modern Hong Kong.  There's also You Garden - they are so confident of their Shanghai soup dumpling tradecraft they are willing to give away products for free to generate buzz.  What's their deal?You Garden is named after Yu Garden 豫園, a classical garden next to the City God Temple 城隍廟 within the old core of Shanghai.  Next to the temple there is a famous eatery that lays down the very benchmark for soup dumplings -  Nan Xiang Bun Shop 南翔饅頭店.  Have you had a good one?  Probably not until you had a steamer or 2 of the stuff at Nan Xiang.  Someone in Flushing already cribbed the name, so I guess someone else could crib the neighborhood landmark.  The natural question to ask is...are they the American version of Nan Xiang?  No.  You can't really expect it to be just like the original.  Even if they are able to import everything and the labor, local minutae will still make it slightly different.  However, they do compare well to its in-town rivals.In terms of decor, it's Chinese contemporary.  The seating is shared tables with strangers, but a bit less spartan than the usual.  That being said, it's oddly  discordian with takeout counters, cramped and with disturbingly untidy downstairs restrooms.  Service is typically Chinese, brusque and to the point.  Hungry?  Whaddadyawant?  Okay, thanks.  How about the food?  In terms of the soup dumplings, I would say that You Garden did a decent job.  The skin is the thin-and-gluten-driven variety and stands up well to the chopsticks.  Amazingly, it does not stick to each other even when overlapped, which requires some tradecraft in dough prep.  The soup within is well composed, not too greasy, not too thin, and served piping hot, which is the way it's supposed to.   Now, what about the other stuff?  The stir fried thick noodles (or udon in the menu) has the right combination of vinegary kicks and salty hits along with the uctuous mouthfeel.  The soy milk is served piping hot in a bowl without any weird cross contamination of flavors (which happens with alarming regularity in Flushing), just a very clean, slightly sweet and thin soy milk, which shows you the care taken.  The shanghai style wonton soup base is made with thin strips of fried egg, dried baby shrimp 蝦皮 and seaweed  海苔 which is quite authentic, as I can attest eating a few of my Shanghaiese ex-girlfriend's family meals.  The wonton is the looser cabbage and pork variety with the thicker white skin, which is different from the Cantonese egg based variety with shrimp and pork fillings.Okay, to wrap it up, it's not as good as my experiences in Shanghai or Taipei, but it's good as an American proprietor of soup dumplings.  Sure, why not.  We can use another good place for that.
Shanghai you garden sells authentic shanghainese food. I'm shanghainese so I know they put sugar in almost everything. Also, the waiters and waitresses all speak shanghainese. You can't get more authentic than that :)The food was great. My bf and I got the grandma beef thing with quail eggs. We also got xiao long bao with crab meat and the regular one. We tried their big soup dumplings which is just soup in dough and you drink it with a straw. We also got a tofu like dish and tripe. Personally, I don't like my food to be very sweet. Growing up as a kid, my dad had diabetes so we curbed the sugar and always added salt instead. Though I know this is what true shanghainese food is like, I'd probably still eat the modified version of the food cause i like salt more than sugar lol. All in all, I like this place for the authenticity, ambience of the place, and the food though some were sweeter than I liked. They also ended our night with a sweet rice ball soup.
Tiny place with extremely long and slow wait.  And it's not because it's that particularly busy, but it has very limited space and not very efficient.  And the hostess was very pushy getting us to order while we're waiting.  She was basically naming every dish on the menu and ask if we want it.  Also, we even made a reservation, which meant absolutely nothing.  We had to wait outside with my baby and they couldn't care less about us.  We only came here because I saw Strictly Dumpling's YouTube review.  But I think because of that, this place has become a tourist trap, which is no better than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  So disappointing...
My family and I come here a lot and usually have a good time. Lately, when we order some fried stinky tofu, they really skimp on the side vegetables (pickled cabbaged) that pair with the tofu. There are probably a few slices of cabbage to about 15 pieces of tofu, and whem we ask for a bit more they said they only give what the order comes with. I understand this place has gotten super busy and popular lately but either you give enough cabbage to pair with the tofu or don't offer any at all. Disappointing in that aspect, but  the food is generally good, like the soup dumplings, rice cakes, and fried noodles.
Modern Shanghainese restaurant that offers the highly coveted signature Shanghaiese steamed soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包 $5.75 for 6 pcs in full juicy.  I am truly enamored of soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包.  Ambience is very clean, bright and modern where the ceiling is suspended with beautiful Chinese calligraphy- perhaps poems?  Walls are adorned with Chinese floral design of Chinese paintings fending the illusion of being in Shanghai's Yuyuan Garden (aka Yu Garden) 豫園, located in City God Temple northeast of the Old City of Shanghai, People's Republic Of China.  Having traveled there and back myself Yuyuan Garden 豫園 is BEAUTIFUL unscathed by man.  Friday brunch time was packed of homogeneous Shanghaiese (my party of two with strong Cantonese roots stood out very obviously).  However, we were seated almost immediately without waiting.Shanghai pan-fried Udon noodles $6.95 (noodles were prepared well with fresh Shanghai Qing vegetables but induced heavy in oil, fat)Pork cabbage noodle soup $6.25 (Chinese vegetables are fresh and the noodles were joyful)The waiter provided one free order of soup pork dumplings (xiao3 long2 bao1) 小籠包Our bill totaled a reasonable $20.63.  My mother and I were not rushed upon near completion of our meal which separates this restaurant from most typical Chinese restaurants.  Restroom facility is clean and modern with a light colored slate wall tile.  The utensils seemingly appeared designed for this restaurant.  The spoon handle is curved to be placed at the edge of the soup noodle bowls to prevent it falling into the bowl.  The tea pot has an clear plastic extension for the sprout to prevent spillage unto the table as I usually spill the excess when pouring tea into my cup.  Therefore, serving tea in keeping to Chinese tradition is easier.  Tea was served in-between cold and luke warm and by the time the two of us was near the end of our meal the tea was stone cold-- not good for Chinese tea.  Wait staff are able to converse fluently in Mandarin and English-- select staff who are linguist have a limited working capability for Cantonese.  Shanghai You Garden is easily accessible nearby 7 train at Main Street in Flushing and nearby MTA buses.Note: CASH ONLY - no credit or debit cards accepted.
The xaiolongbao soup dumplings here are very good. So good that we ordered seconds. It was definitely worth the 15min wait to get a table. We had the shredded pork & preserved vegetable noodle soup, shredded pork and salted cabbage noodle soup and pan fried noodle with shredded chicken as well and they are all very good.
The dumplings were delicious! They steamed and pan fried soup dumplings. The steamed are better the pan fried is more of a bun consistency. They have the big fluffy scallion pancakes! Yummm  glad i found this place! The service was just ok.
nice place with great deals.free aoup woth $10 dine in purchase. the wait time is about 16-29 monutes dpending time you arrive.  amy way you can order your food in advance and wait for you food on your table.good service polite people, you may have understanding problem but its ok they will work outits a nice spot to eat out with friends and family
This is by far one of my favorite places for xiao long baos (soup dumplings) in all of Flushing. My go to spot has always been the restaurant on Prince Street, but this place taste so much better! The entrance of the restaurant looks like a little "hole in the wall" type of restaurant, but once you go in, it's much bigger than it looks like from the outside! I went there at around 1pm on a weekday and there was a short wait, around 5-10 minutes, but they offer plenty of seats while waiting. The one thing that drew me in was the free order of soup dumplings with a purchase of $10 or more (free stuff is always a win win!). They were delicious, and did not taste too oily like the ones in Joe's Shanghai.. I also ordered turnip puffs, rice cake with shredded pork, and chicken with wine sauce. The rice cake tasted a little bland to me and it would have been better if it had more taste. However, the chicken with wine sauce tasted very flavorful and delicious, so I highly recommend it!Another plus is that the bathroom was clean! (It's pretty hard to come across in Flushing)Overall, I was very pleased with the food and I highly recommend this place if you're craving for some soup dumplings!
This restaurant does deserve the mixed reviews it has received from Yelpers. This review contains a lot of loosely translated items from Mandarin to English. Food: allow me to start off with the good stuff. I recommend scallion pancake with beef, "snow vegetable" with meat noodles in soup, "vegetable fried rice," which is, of course, fried with fatty pork bits, vegetable steamed dumplings, the cold spicy beef appetizer, and the red bean paste pastry. The mediocre items include: the free xiao long bao that come with every meal over $10, the fried pork ribs (more on this issue later), and the soy milk. The issue with the xiao long bao ("soup dumplings") were that the dough used to wrap around the pork is a bit too thick and hard. I believe Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao does it better. The issue with the fried pork ribs was that we had discovered that they were under cooked! We also found an ant in our soy milk, but upon further reflection, it more than likely got in there somehow after it was served. Service: the people are generally quite responsive. However, there is a feeling that they were trying to get us to leave immediately at the end of the meal. Although understandable, my only tip for everyone to avoid this situation is - please do not come on weekends after, say, 11:30 a.m.Decor: interior is interesting and surprisingly large, to say the least. There is an issue with the chair being way too short for the table, but I'm a bit taller than many, and had no issues. I'm a little bit nervous about the fact that the kitchen is in the basement, with people who appear to be walking into and out of it for a smoking break every few minutes. Note: cash only.Tip: read the signs outside carefully before parking. I recommend the garage across the street from the park on the same side of the restaurant that has vehicle elevators. Parking there has been safe for me so far and relatively hassle free.
I've known about this place when it had lower double digit reviews and have always wanted to come here because.. umm, free xiao long baos?! YES, I AM THERE. (PS: If you don't do the Yelp check-in, I think the xiao long baos are free if you purchase over $10.. but I'm not sure if you need a Yelp check-in AND spend over $10). I also am not sure if this place is affiliated with Corner 28 because when I asked for a take-out container, they gave me a bag that said Corner 28. Anyways, this is getting off topic and I'm sure you're more interested in hearing about the actual restaurant.It's on 40th road which is one of the shadier roads in Flushing for me. Neighbored by an alcohol shop, massage place ($20 for 60 minute back rub.. hm, I need to check that place out on Yelp), across the street from Corner 28, and relatively close to a park. The exterior definitely does not compare to the inside which is extremely clean, spacious, and well light. It gives off a very nice ambiance.. fairly reminiscent of Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao (I know a lot of people compare this place to that place... I mean why not? They serve the same food). This place is definitely an upgrade though, because it's new.. has booths and is way more suitable for larger groups than Nan Xiang is. The food is slightly more expensive, but you would have to pay that 5% premium for the larger and more spacious environment.The workers here wear a cute little ancient China outfit, can't describe it but I always think it's neat when workers actually have a uniform. They are also extremely nice, not sure if they could speak English though. They also give you a free pudding dessert at the end of every meal. I didn't try it but I heard it was very healthy and delicious. The xiao long baos are excellent! Honestly, I could not taste the difference between Nan Xiang and this place.. though I wish I could've tried the crab xiao long baos, as they are my favorite opposed to the pork ones (didn't get a chance to look at the menu so I honestly don't even know if they have it).They have this singular large soup dumpling that you can drink with a straw for $2.99 which I thought was pretty awesome. I didn't get to try it tonight but I will definitely come back to try it! This place is CASH ONLY, no surprise there. And please, do not try to find parking in the area.. or pay for parking at the parking lot in skyview or across from Queens Crossing.My meal here was kind of rushed, a result of my own late arrival.. but I will definitely update my review once I come back to try those personal soup dumplings!
Long lines especially on the weekends but it's worth the wait. XLB are tasty, brothy with the perfect amount of wrapped dough. Highly recommend their beef scallion pancake as well as their fried spare ribs!
Service isn't great, but the food is good.If you spend over $10, you get a complementary set of pork soup dumplings.
Best dumplings ever! Always busy in there and they give you a free pork dumpling with any order.. they are great and very quick! Love it here :)
The crab and pork XLB were good here. Both my hubby and I actually liked them! (He likes Joe Shanghai's, I prefer Nan Xiang.) Went there recently with the kids for brunch. The big booths were roomy and allowed the kids to be dufus-like and not mash into us the whole time.We ordered quite a few items:savory silken tofu - really good (reminded me of the ingredients used at White Bear's spicy wontons)shanghai udon noodles - meh, too oily but the kids liked them for their heft.*pickled veg & pork soup noodles - big serving and the kids liked the noodles, too. the broth was mild and wasn't greasy.wuxi spare ribs - fall off the bone tender. Didn't need the flimsy steak knife. Good flavor but a little too gloppy / too much cornstarch in the sauce. steamed veg dumplings - good flavor from the garlic chives and spinach. hubby thought it tasted like grass. The service was mediocre. It's gone downhill since it first opened and they're less worried about pleasing and fawning over the customers (maybe since their NYTimes or Time Out NY reviews.) The bathrooms were a mess and the mens vs. the womens bathrooms are in vastly different locations (tough for a mom who has boys.)All in all - we'll definitely go back for the crab XLB, tofu and noodles.
Bad experience! Recommend Nan Xiang xiao long bao. The foods are more flavorful than this place.
Edit - They have the giant soup dumplings here too!Shanghai You Garden is everything good about Nan Xiang without any of the bad parts. I am the biggest fan of this place and their xiao long baos. Even better, the restaurant is currently an deal of a free order of XLBs with every order over $10. It's a great chance to try their signature dish, although I'm sure you'll be ordering more.Just an FYI, it is tucked away a bit from Main Street towards the LIRR stop.I'm not sure of the affiliation between this place with Nan Xiang (almost identical menu and flavors) or Corner 28 (uses their plastic bags and some workers have jackets with their logo), but I'm not complaining at all. The XLBs are deliciously filled with lots of broth and meat and the skins are thin enough that you can see the amount of soup inside!  The handmade pork dumplings are also great and chive-y and offer a bit of a different texture. An unexpected winner was their noodle with beef and chili oil. The beef is tender and noodles with chili oil are just the right amount of spicy and savory. The restaurant itself is also beautifully spacious, renovated and clean. Shanghai You Garden deserves 5/5 stars and I will definitely be back with friends and family.
I absolutely love this place. If you go on a weekend, BE PREPARED TO WAIT FOR A TABLE. So many people love the yummy soup dumplings they serve and they won't seat you until everyone in your party is there. But I say it's worth the wait .The food is really good and they offer a deal that if you order comes out to $10 or more you get one free order of soup dumplings. The soup dumplings surprisingly comes very fast after you order so that's always a plus. Besides soup dumplings they have a very big menu to pick from. There's soups, cold dishes, noodles, breakfast menu with soy milk and they're all really good.Service is good and they have plenty of servers that are working so all customers are taken cared of and not have to wait long. Oh, and last but not least they're a cash only establishment so be sure to stop at the ATM beforehand. But even if you forget that's alright, they actually have an ATM in the restaurant right next to the front counter.
With so many options for food to choose from in flushing, I think shanghai you is an option you wont regret. The food here is very flavorful and depending on the time of day you come, the wait could be quick or long. My friend did most of the ordering so I'm not sure of the names of the dishes but we got scallion pancake with meat, crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, bean curd cold dish, tripe and meat cold dish, grandmas pork rib? And the large meat balls.Most of the dishes were flavorful and the meat was very tender. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
The only up point I see of this restaurant is cleanliness and quite well decored compared to other Chinese places in Flushing. My friend wanted to try this place cause she thought it was dimsum, like catering dimsum. But it actually serves small-sized Shanghai dishes.The menu kinda looks like Joe's Shanghai with the highlight of Xiao long bao. Personally I like the soup dumpling here a bit more than Joe's. The stuffing was the same flavor but the bao skin was chewier. We ordered two Crabmeat xiao long bao and got a complimentary Pork bao with a check-in on Yelp (Yelp for life!). Asides from that, other dishes were quite disappointing. The Shanghai special chicken was actually Haianese chicken and was a bit lack of flavor. The chicken feet in white wine was weird to me cause it tasted like chocolate lol. We also ordered this hugee bowl of pork feet soup with bamboo and it was really bland. There were these huge meatballs in sauce that came well with white rice but nothing special.Price was cheap, ranging from $5-$10 per dish as I remember. Overall the xiao long bao wasn't good enough to make up for other dishes so I probably won't come back.
Amazing. Day or night is busy but for good reason! Always wait maybe 5 minutes for a table but always so worth it. Service quality, service speed, service efficiency all great. Food quality, menu choices, menu prices, all wonderful. Plus free xiao long bao! Interior always gives perfect atmosphere.
We ordered too much food. I was really expecting that the popularity of this place would have kept us waiting much longer than 20 minutes on a Sunday night. We put our names in, and wandered over to Tous Les Jours to have some very disappointing savory pastries. When we returned 15 minutes later, we were seated within 5 minutes, as expected.We ordered four dishes -- the crab soup dumplings, beef tendon, soy beans with cabbage and bean curd, and pan fried pork buns. They warned us that the pan fried pork buns had a long wait time because things were a little backed up in the kitchen -- around 40 minutes, but those are a favorite of mine, so I insisted. They gave us a free order of pork soup dumplings to compensate for the wait. I can't really complain.The cold beef tendon appetizer is precisely what you'd expect -- it's comparable to what you would get at any other place serving this same dish. The soy bean dish is one of the cheaper vegetable dishes that they offer, and it's also as expected. The crab soup dumplings are incredibly crabby, and the skins are rather sturdy. We had not a single one burst or leak before we finished them all. They are full of delightful soup, and the meat is excellent as well. The free pork soup dumplings were a little less sturdy, and a few of those burst, but I can't say that didn't happen because they sat a little longer, since we ate them after the crab ones. I can't complain too much because they were free.The fried pork buns are excellent. These are better than my favorite ones at Shanghai Café Deluxe in Manhattan Chinatown, because the dough is a little more tender, and less dough-y. The bottoms are crispy, and the whole thing is still a little oily, but less so than the ones with Shanghai Café.They also serve a dessert, which is a fermented rice dessert that resembles Korean makkeoli in flavor. I wasn't a huge fan, but again, it comes with the meal, so I can't complain too much.We ended up paying $29 before tip and we ended up waddling our way out from eating way too much food. I would happily come back here.
Forgot how many dishes I ordered, but the free 小籠包 was the only one I would give a positive review. Everything else was just.... fair. Good for them that although it's frxxking busy at peak hour, place was still clean.
This place is amazing!!! Big portion, nice food, reasonable price - this is the place to be for a nice breakfast, lunch or dinner. The pork buns filled with soup just burst out of flavor, the noodles are very nice, and the scallion pancakes are superb! Instead of the normal plain pancakes, a little bit of BBQ meat was added to enhance the flavor even more. Hot tea was waiting for us at the resraurant, and the waiters were very nice and efficient, even if they spoke more fluent in Chinese rather than English - but then it's a given in Chinatown already. I've been here twice, and I would definitely go here a third time!
The most delicious Shangainese food I've ever tasted. My family and I went here for a nice Mother's Day dinner and although the wait was an hour it was well worth it. However I did notice that later in the night the wait for tables did lessen significantly. Compared with the outside the inside was not what I expected, the decor is so lovely and unique.I can't wait to come back here again!
For a quintessentially hidden gem in flushing chinatown, shanghai you garden features a menu full of shanghai delicacies that represents the jewel of asia. If i were to lie, i would tell you how everything on the menu was average. However the truth is everything was fantastic, in fact between two grown adults we finished enough food for four people in one sitting because it was that good. My only mark off for this place is due to its XLBs. I remember it was ordinary and not wowingly amazing. However eveything else from lions head meatballs to pork knuckle was spot on.
This place is a ok. Their steamed soup dumpling is the only thing good there. I ordered eel stir fried in hot oil, pan fried dumplings. The eel tasted not so fresh, the fried dumpling wasn't good either. If you want soup dumpling, then that's the place to go. If you want anything else, go elsewhere.
Food is decent, nothing special. The wait is a little crazy on any given weekend evening.. which I guess should be expected. The soup dumplings are pretty good, but everything else is just decent. On the plus side, the food comes out super duper fast, to the point where I found myself trying to eat everything before they whipped the food off the table.
I came here several times and each time I walked away with a happy belly. First thing you notice when you enter is the Shop Rite mat. Yes, there's a Shop Rite mat by the entrance way.My first visit here, they took our order before sitting down. It was extremely busy on a Sunday afternoon. Each time the service was impeccable, the pork soup dumplings were consistently better than the pork and crab soup dumplings. The skin is paper thin, but the dumpling is loaded with soup and meat. On the side, we got the cold cucumbers, crispy noodles with veggies, udon noodles with veggies (crispy wins), different types of fried rice (which were alright), and their braised pork belly dish.It's hard to find great soup dumplings. It's even harder to find consistent soup dumplings. But you can find both at Shanghai You.
tl;dr: the best cheap and affordable soup dumplingsIt's amazing how far $18 gets you in Flushing. I was bursting at the seams after that much food here and still got to try an amazing variety of foods. My lunch consisted of salty soy milk, 2 baskets of soup dumplings (they're currently doing a promotion where you get a basket of soup dumplings for spending at least $10), a scallion pancake, and a giant soup-filled bun.First off, don't bother with the giant soup-filled bun. It's pretty much a novelty and the soup inside tastes rather bland with chunks of crab meat that I almost choked on. The bun itself is also flavorless.Other than that, the salty soy milk and scallion pancake were pretty standard fare. However, the soup dumplings were simply amazing. Not only was the taste phenomenal, but this was the first time where I hadn't broken a single soup dumpling by accident.Lastly, I want to give props to how clean and organized this Chinese restaurant is, which, sadly, is such a rarity.
Not sure of this place relative to others in Flushing but I thought it was great and all I could ask for from a Chinese restaurant! It was so cheap and very good. We ordered two of the giant soup dumplings ($2.95 each) which were super cute but weird because there was no filling? It was literally just a crabby soup which is fine but not what I expected for sure. We also got the scallion pancake with beef in it and that was good and pretty much exactly as expected - very fried and there was enough scallion taste but the beef definitely covered it a little more than usual. We also got the fried pork buns which were SO filling and so fried/oily but very good. We were so pleasantly surprised by the free soup dumplings too, which were great! The total order for two people stuffed to the brim was only $17 - but it is CASH ONLY! The interior is very nice but there did seem to be a long line when we left at 6pm so plan accordingly.
A couple months ago on Facebook all I saw was the whole dumpling craze. You know the one where you drink the broth with a straw and then there's a big chunk of pork inside the rice cake covering it. Lol. My husband's family is from New York and I believe it's here where the craze started. Like many hyped things, this in my honest opinion is hyped. It's really wonton soup. Lololololol. The broth is similar to wontons soup. The pork meat reminds me of the prob meat inside a wonton in wonton soup. It's just that it's a steamed dumpling. For the experience it's okay, really and honestly, nothing too special. The servers for this place is really a hit or miss. I know you worked all morning but please don't act like I made you have that attitude. Ugh. Rude Chinese ladies really irk me. My MIL is super passive so I try to be so she doesn't feel uncomfortable but if it wasn't for her I would've said really mean things. Other dishes and food was good, will give this place another try, another time.
Keep passing by this place whenever we are in the area and never realized what it really was! My husband is a dumpling fanatic! We ventured in one night for a late dinner, good decision! We were immediately seated with numerous smiles! Our waiter was sooo friendly and HELPFUL, especially because we don't eat pork, he literally pointed out all the things they were known for that didn't have pork! We ordered beef scallion pancakes, this sliced beef noodle dish, shrimp dumplings, veggie dumplings, and a red bean paste puff. It was all really good!! I can't say which was my favorite! I gave them 4 stars because to be known for dumplings, they didn't have a huge variety of different kinds.. almost all their dumplings had some type of pork in it. Ughhh!!!! Other than that... we will definitely go back!
The poster advertising their super big soup dumpling lured us in. We walked into a surprisingly beautiful restaurant. We frequent this area of Flushing and LOVE the food, but the decor is usually a step above dumpster patio. Not Shanghai You. This restaurant is very nice!We ordered two of their colossal soup dumplings and an order of the steamed crab meat and pork buns. When the food came we (very pleasantly) found out that if you order over a certain amount you get a free order of the steamed pork buns. AWESOME!We were disappointed in the huge soup dumplings. There was not meat in them. Just soup and the dumpling wrapper.However, the crab and pork buns and the pork buns vaulted Shanghai You Garden into our top spot for soup dumplings. They had plenty of soup, plenty of meat and a whole lot of flavor. They also didn't fall apart as soon as you tried to pick them up. Anyone who's eaten soup dumplings before knows that getting them onto the spoon un-popped can be tricky. Still tricky here, but not as bad as a lot of other places we've been.Shanghai You Garden has been added to our Flushing Dumpling Tour as a star!
I first heard about Shanghai You Garden earlier this year when it was the trending new restaurant in Flushing, Queens. My best friend and I had off from work on Friday and decided to catch up and to have lunch here. We arrived at around 12:30pm and there was a line surprisingly. I thought that there would be less people here since it's the long holiday weekend and people would escape NYC early Friday morning/afternoon. :P Among the both of us, we shared the following:1) Fried Bean Gluten [$5.75] - Good. It's gluten with mushrooms, bamboo, and Chinese lily flowers.2) Pan Fried Pork Buns [6 pieces, $6.50] - Very good. I loved the texture of the soft doughy bun. There's a tiny bit of soup inside the pork buns too.3) Pan Fried Pork & Vegetable Wontons [$5.50] - It was a bit oily. Tastes good, but I wouldn't ordered it again tho.4) Steam Pork Buns [6 pieces, this was FREE since we ordered more than $10 worth of food. You have to ask for it.] - Very good. But, some of the soup dumplings were slightly stuck to the bamboo steam tray even though there's parchment paper on the bottom. So, the dumpling skin kinda ripped when we were taking the dumplings out of the tray. Overall, delicious soup dumplings and I like it better than Joe Shanghai's. Also just as good as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.Service was OK. There were times that the waiters were about to give us food that we didn't ordered. Very weird - in my opinion.At the end, I was really stuffed!!! Good and tasty food here. I'm definitely coming back to try other dishes here in the future. The food is pretty cheap too and we ended up sharing $11 each for the meal.
Love going here - my favorite dish is the kao fu (vegetarian).
Delicious and inexpensive! It can get crowded, and on the weekends be prepared to wait a short while (it was packed and 4 of us only had to wait about 15 minutes on a friday night). The space is very clean and nicely decorated. They also have inside space to wait for a table, which is appreciated in the winter! We have consistently enjoyed all of the food we've been able to try. The service is quick and attentive. Definitely worth a visit!
Food is so so, but for the cheap price, it's a good deal! The free dumplings is a plus for sure
I am pleasantly surprised to find this place. The restaurant is new, good taste in decor, and clean. The best part is the food. The tofu flower is the best I had in Flushing hands down. My new spot for breakfast in Flushing.
Purposely drove into Flushing for some food court eatery, happened to find a parking spot right in front of Yu Garden and got gazed into their supersize xiaolongbao (which we did not order) advertisement on the window.  The food was AMAZING! The 2 of us ordered the: Crabmeat xiaolongbao - very flavorful, juicy, yet not greasy.Kaofu - Just the right seasoning and texture. Braised pork belly - OMG good! perfect coloring yet not too salty, sweet yet refreshing. Spared rib with garlic - crispy brown outside, moist inside. Snow pea leaves - fresh and bit salty to my taste. In all we left as very happy customers and will definitely return and superb reviews. P.S. we got an order of regular xiaolongbao on the house SCORED!
Really great food!  The free dumplings with a check-in on Yelp was icing on the cake.  The garlic spare ribs were sublime as was the giant soup dumpling...yum!  The seafood with udon noodles was fresh, hot and delicious as was the sesame chicken. We came at a good time as it was rather early for dinner.  By the time we left, there was a huge line out the door waiting for a table!  Service was excellent too!
Typical Shanghainese fair, but the quality was definitely there. I would go back if in the area.
Excellent service, super fast. food came right after we order. It was very tasty. The price is reasonable comparing to the amount. Atmosphere is very friendly. We received a dessert although we didn't order. It is a place you wanna go back and taste all what is in menu. The place is clean and cozy.
I would have rated it 3.5 stars if I could. The decor is stylish and place is very clean. Love that I can see the soup dumplings being made. There is a line but they are very efficient and fast with moving everyone along. The large dumpling with only soup in there was just ok, its whimsical to eat but not to eat more than once. I had both the plain pork and pork/crab soup dumplings and they were also just ok. Not as flavorful and a lot less soup than shanghai joes. I also feel that they should be $$$. Most dishes are $8+ and very little given for the price paid for.
I'm a huge fan of this place especially when they first opened up. For the location, the restaurant is a decent size and although sometimes there are 15-20 minutes of waiting time, the line moves fairly quickly. The staff is quick, efficient and friendly. Their spend $10 to get one basket of free soup dumplings is the best part. Their soup dumplings were plump, juicy although they are nothing out of the ordinary flavors. I would completely skip their noodle dishes as a few of my experiences were meh. However, if you really want to step out of your comfort zone, try some of their cold dishes. My favorites are the spicy beef and tripe and the cold gluten. The flavors are pretty mind-blowing and they always taste just right! The only snafu I encountered was when the spicy beef and tripe dish only had 3 pieces of tripe with with beef slices piled high. I had to ask for more tripe (like the pictures displayed) and the chef gave me the stank eye. -_-For the price and the food quality, I highly recommend!
Their current promo was a pleasant surprise as me and my mom walked in to the tiny restaurant after she was raving about it the last time she came with my family members to try it out first. It was a full house but their system is very efficient and organized which is VERY hard to find in any restaurant in flushing. I used to swear by nan xiang since thats what i grew up knowing but this xlb place really blew me out of the water. Everything was so delicious and didn't leave me with the sluggishness I'd have everytime I'd eat at nan xiang. The prices are also amazing in comparison to other xlb places I've been to considering the freshness and quality of the food. You can see the chefs preparing the buns on the spot once you walk in and it shows that regardless of how busy they are, they dont spare the time consuming labor needed to put into making their most famous soup dumplings. Now I'll be swearing by this place whenever my xlb craving kicks in!
Located right off Main Street in a not so nice block. The food is good but can get very crowded. If one can find parking, this place is a definite try.
I come here with my family often and we love it. The prices are really great for the quality and quantity of food you get. They also offer a great deal, free soup dumplings with a $10 purchase, can't find a better spot for the quality of food at this price point anywhere else.
Amazing food for a great price! Love the soup dumplings/xiao long bao. Best thing is that they're free when you order $10 or more. Quick service and seating. I will definitely return here during my next trip!
Okay. I finally came here because of all the statements saying this was the spot to be at and that the originals from Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao had moved over to here and honestly it was kind of a let down. Yes, I am a bit biased as I have been a loyalist to Nan Xiang. In order to properly judge my friend and I ordered the same exact things we always order so we could compare: 4 XLB orders... (when we eat, we eat), bamboo shoots, and cucumber. How do they compare?The cucumber side dish was honestly pretty much the exact same thing.The bamboo shoots at Shanghai You had a hint of cinnamon going on, not saying it was a bad thing but it definitely threw me off. I think I kind of liked it more than when it didn't have that hint of flavor. It was oddly complimentary? I wouldn't have thought to add that as a spice but it definitely worked.And the most important part, probably the only part of this review you are looking for... the xiao long bao! First things first, they *do* offer a free order when you get $10 worth of food (which my friend and I obviously did). So that is quite a nice offer. However, I think that they're not as good as the ones over at Nan Xiang. They seemed to be less flavorful overall.I likely will continue to keep going to Nan Xiang to get my XLB fix. But I'm happy I decided to try Shanghai You out! It's definitely easier to get to by train if that's your source of transportation.
Another great soup dumpling establishment. Their pork soup dumplings are juicy and hot. The workers are friendly. They also serve hot tea once you sit down. Their stir fried rice cake is really good.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 3.0/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 3.0/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 I'm a little torn on this one.  I heard great things about SYG before coming and knew the lines could be long.  I showed up for an early lunch on a less busy Saturday with half the tables empty when I showed (~11.15am) and only a short wait as I was leaving (~12:30pm).  Service was good for a Chinese restaurant and staffing was more than adequate.  The food, while pretty good, was honestly a bit underwhelming.  The XLB seemed like a typical B+ product, and they have a big soup-only (ie. no filling) soup dumpling that I was frankly disappointed by given how overwhelmingly fishy the broth/soup tasted (based on other reviews it's possible they had an off day).  Portion/pricing on some of the cold apps seemed a bit light/high.I suppose this just shows how important it is to manage expectations going in.  Not super excited about going back a second time.
Warning, NO ENGLISH!Things I like to order here: Soup dumplings "Xiao Long Bao", fried tiny buns called "sheng jian bao?", beef with scallion pancake "Nu ro ja bing"Their XLB is alright. There are so many of these soup dumpling places popping up now, it's totally the new White person fad. haha! Joe's Shanghai's XLB is always my favorite because of their molten lava of lard that comes out. I go to Nan Xiang when I need a change then I come here when I need a change then go back to Joe's and the cycle starts over. What makes this place different is their GIANT SOUP DUMPLING with a straw!It's a novelty, I can't see anyone getting it more than once because it's all soup. Definitely order it though!Their fried tiny buns are a little bigger than I'm used too and not very juicy but good enough. I really miss the way that lady with the street cart in the late 90's made them on 41st Ave by the parking lot. The beef with scallion pancake is great as well!
This is our family's go-to restaurant for shanghai foods. They make really authentic soup dumplings and steamed chicken. They are usually really busy and every time we had to wait for a little bit, maybe 10 mins, but they bring the foods out pretty quick after you order.
Expect a wait.Shanghai You Garden is very, very popular, but with very good reason. We were quoted about half an hour, but it ended up being around 20 minutes. Luckily, they have ample seating in their waiting area, with chairs lined up against the wall. The restaurant itself is long, but the front is half kitchen and half waiting area.First thing's first - check in on Yelp or Foursquare and you'll get a free order of soup dumplings. Actually, they don't really care because they have a poster on the wall saying the same thing. They'll just comp you an order no matter what.Our dumplings took a bit to come out, so we actually got some premade appetizers first. The first was the jellyfish with turnip and the second was the fried bean gluten. The fried bean gluten was tasty (and a Celiac sufferer's worst nightmare). Had some sweetness to it and a chewy texture. Wasn't a big fan of the jellyfish though.Also got the scallion pancakes, which needed more salt, but were otherwise thick and pretty hefty.Then the soup dumplings came. We ordered a free one of the pork and paid for the crab. The pork was the better of the two, but both were great. A little flimsy, but filled to the brim. On par with the Joe's Shanghai in Flushing, if not a tiny bit better.For our mains, we shared a bunch of stuff - the noodle with beef and chili pepper (good and spicy), the pan fried udon noodles (simple, but great), the braised fish (really flavorful, but watch out for the bones), and some sort of pork shoulder (tender and in this great brown sauce).The booths here are actually really big, and we fit 5 people into one.The only thing that sucks is that there's only one bathroom, and there was a perpetual line.I would say if the wait is under half an hour, it's worth trying out. But any more than that, and it's just excessive. It's not like Flushing has a deficit of good restaurants!
Both of us were pleasantly surprised how beautifully balanced was everything we ordered. Things I've had many times many other places which are usually just satisfying but forgettable were, here, not just memorable but actually remarkable. The tendon and tripe, for example, was a masterpiece of perfection and presentation -- this is a longtime favorite of mine, and every aspect of it was absolutely spot on, although it's not as spicy as some, it's also not as oily as just about everywhere else, and, oh my gosh, the meats were so tender. Equally impressive were the superbly oceanic, unctuous, and succulent Crab with Pork "XLB" which were easily as good if not better than any I've ever had before. Just these two dishes alone would have me returning frequently and recommending this place to anybody who would listen, but the subtlety and suavity of the tofu and the noodles and the jellyfish with radish really helped to seal the deal with how thoroughly impressed we both were with everything. Even their house vinegar & chili are great! Also, when all of the staff are this gracious and attentive, I really cannot wait to return.
The restaurant was packed this Sunday because it is thee hot XLB place in Flushing. That is why I'm here!We waited until 2:30 PM, the tail end of lunch, to go in and eat.We still had to wait 20 mins after getting a number. They have a nice set of bench seating area which is very nice. By the time we got seated I was starving and will eat anything.First round is "Little fried buns" and "Scallion Pancakes" - The fried buns came out nice and hot but there was a lot of liquid inside and was very greasy; on the outside and the inside. They used too much oil. Rate 3/5The Scallion pancakes was bland; lacked taste and short on scallions. We asked for soy sauce or oyster sauce for the pancakes but they did not have any?! Rate 3/5.Next came the pork XLB, six in an order, was good. The favor is good and the soup was not too greasy; enjoyable. Rate 4/5We ordered a second dish of XLB.Vegetable XLB- not a lot of flavor in the filling but enjoyable. Rate 3/5Our last dish is the shredded pork on pan fried noodles. I immediately noticed the burned noodles on the edge of the dish. The pork was small in quantity and over whelmed with chopped Napa cabbage. There were mushrooms but it lack any mushroom flavor. Rate 3/5Decor- very clean and creative. Rate 5/5Service- language became a big problem because the waiters lack Cantonese or English skills. 3/5Restroom- a problem because there is only one so there was always a line waiting to go in; I know because was seated at the last table near it and saw all the action! The single restroom is also located right next the the plating area for the waiters so there was a constant conflict between the waiters and folks waiting to pee. Also when we were there they ran out of toilet paper! Overall my experience was not what I expected.
I am between a 2-star and 3-star rating. Since 2 star literally means "Meh. I've experienced better" that's what I'm going with. Maybe people are being generous because of the free basket of Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling)?I am not sure if I understand why people give Shanghai You Gardens such high ratings. We went today and we were not bowled over by the food. We ordered the pan fried pork buns which were beyond oily. It was so oily that it left a pool of oil on the table! That is just disgusting! I found the food difficult to eat because of the grease it was sitting on. We have had the pan fried pork bun dumplings in many other Shanghai restaurants in NYC and Philadelphia so we have others to compare it to. Never again at Shanghai You Gardens! The Scallion pancakes were crazy bland! There was no scallion taste at all. It was terrible. We were not given any sauce to flavor it. Was there even scallions in it??!!The Pan fried noodles with shredded pork was blah, no taste. Was that canned straw mushrooms? This dish was mad bland. I've had better pan fried noodles at Cantonese places. Ugh. It was difficult to eat. Vegetable dumplings were good but why is there a layer of oil again outside of the dumpling? I guess oil is their condiment of choice?My gosh at least the Xiao Long Bao's were decent. That was the saving grace of the meal we had. I was very disappointed by the meal in general. The service was spotty. Some of the waiters tried harder than others. Some ignored us, the one lady who finally helped us was pretty patient. She worked really hard to try to help us with our meal. I felt that was nice of her. Why is there one bathroom for a semi large restaurant? There were lines for the bathroom. Why is the bathroom entrance where they store the plates, cups and utensils??!! Weird placement. The line was in the way of the waiters, terrible layout.
Found this place on yelp when I was trying to search for non dim sum in Flushing. I went there with my 2 kids under 8 y.o. and mother.  We all loved the food.  They have a system while waiting to be seated. Once you get your number to wait for a table, you then get directed to sit on the bench and someone will give you a menu to look at. They will then take your order while waiting for a table. Once you get seated, the food you ordered while waiting for a table will start coming out one by one. Will definitely cone back. They have a big soup dumpling which we didn't order but would try out next time we go back!
The most authentic place I've ever been for Yangzi river/ shanghainese cuisine! So many awesome traditional dishes - make me miss home. The eel is great! And they have the best crab juicy bun. Most US places including ding tai fang that sell crab juicy buns have very strong fishy unpleasant flavor, but traditionally this dish should use river crab which is not available in US. Somehow the You Garden solves this problem - the flavor is perfect! Sweet crab taste mixed so well with pork - must have!
Soup dumplings were the best I've ever had. I plan to be back soon. Also - outside the place looks dirty, and my husband and I almost missed it. Inside it is a true gem. Great service, delicious hot tea, and great food.
This place is just ok, considering there are so many options in Flushing, if you have to wait I'd skip this place. Their dishes are a bit more on the sweet side. We got the free soup dumplings and didn't think it was that good.
There's always a long line in front of this restaurant so I never went in untill today. I only want to comment on the pork soup buns. The skin was too thick on both regular pork soup buns and the crab ones, and the "soup filled bun"that they let you drink with a straw was just bad. It taste like a watered down regular big meat bun , the soup in there has no taste. Cold dishes were ok, the deep fried rice cake was not even fried to golden color it came out pale color. Overall... not worth second a second time for me.
I love this place. Being Shanghainese myself, this place just makes me so happy, bringing back memories of the things I ate when I was a kid. The price is also super affordable. We ordered for 5 people: xiao long bao pork, xiao long bao crab, drunken chicken, some fish thing, stinky tofu, rice millet, you tiao, sweet soy bean drink, salty dou fu, Shanghai sheng jiang bao, jellyfish with turnips, pork moon cakes and green onion pancakes with beef. They didn't have Shanghai sao mai that day, sad!!! Everything was delicious. Biting into the xiao long bao and getting a ton of soup, amazing. Sheng jiang bao also had soup inside. The rice millet thing was just the right amount of saltiness, which at first I was worried that it was gonna be too bland, but nope, perfect. The stinky tofu, wow, legit smell. Only I eat this so everyone else at the table were holding their nose, which shows how legit this is. I wonder where they get the stinky tofu from since I haven't been able to find them anywhere else. Total ended up being around 80$ which is a steal for how much food we got.  Will definitely go back!
I have never walked down this street before until few days back and saw this restaurant. So the whole family tried it  day later for brunch. The food was wonderful if you don't mind the wait and the tight spaces. They got the system figured out, you ordered while you are waiting for table and you get served quickly once you sat down. We ordered all the typical Shanghai dishes and they are ALL excellent. The service is a bit lacking partially because we sat in the very front of the restaurant toward the street/entrance, the wait staff never come this way unless we motioned them. The restaurant is very brightly lit and feel inviting. I will definitely come to try some of their other dishes.
Considering flushing restaurants, the cleanness is great. The service was overall horrible.Let me start off saying I came here with 1 of my friend so there was 2 people total that came. We saw a booth that was open and we requested to sit there. However, they decline to let us sit there eventhough it wasn't even busy. We then ask them why we couldn't and they told us those tables were only for 6 people and more. If that was the case, why did we see another 2 people sat there? If it wasn't for my friend I would've had an argument with them. Like are you for real? Do have hate towards us?Food wise, the cold side dishes we ordered was great. The pancake wasn't as oily as other places and the cold dishes and the was awesome. (I recommend the pancake!!!!! Sooooo gooddddd!!) The free juicy pork bun was alright, the skin of the bun wasn't as good like it was left out. (Dried like) but it's free so won't complain. This place would've received 4 stars if it wasn't for the service.
Had the fish and preserved veggie soup and felt closer to god than any church has gotten me. Cheap, authentic, and super good.
Probably the best place to go to for soup dumplings and Shanghainese food in Flushing. The place is a little busy but with attentive and efficient staff it did not take long to start eating. The soup dumplings were much less oily than other places (both the crab, and the beef which come complimentary) and the scallion pancakes with sliced beef are a must. We also ordered the beef pan fried noodles and everything was excellent. The bill in the end was much lower than expected as well, which is always great.Truly transformed the flushing dining experience.
Came here to just get the sheng Jian bao and the xlb, then realized they give you the xlb for free! But there was a $10 minimum so...we ordered the jellyfish too. Sheng Jian bao...could be fried more. Too much breaking compared to meat and not crispy. The jellyfish was also pretty meh, it came with some radish and was nothing special. The star for sure is the xlb. It is rather big compared to other ones. The inside was very juicy and once you poke a hole in it, the whole spoon is immersed in the nice soup.
No doubt this is one of the best Shanghainese dumpling restaurant around.  There are usually a long waiting line. The staffs will provide you with manus and ready to take your order while you are waiting. Your dishes and delicious dumplings will be served shortly after you are seated. Their system are quite efficient and worth the wait.They are different choices of Shau Lon Pau  (Shanghainese steam dumplings). Nevertheless they are all made with very thin dumpling skin and to encapsulated very tasty soup and pork filling (caution: very hot).
The best soup dumpling (xiao long bao) I've had in Flushing NY. From the chewy skin, to the flavorful meat and delicious flavorful soup. One great thing I like about this hidden gem is that the food doesn't make me thirsty when I leave the restaurants. Normally when eating at many restaurants in flushing the additional salt or msg in their foods forces me to chug water when I leave. Another benefit to this place is they have a free Yelp offer that's limited time only for a free xiao long bao order with a purchase of some $$ amount I don't recall. They have other foods that are tasty and delicious such as the scallion pancakes, udon noodles and soups. The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly. Other places in Flushing such as joe Shanghai are more crowded with expensive prices and less than decent food. Come here to get your soup dumpling fix and you won't be dissatisfied.
A new competitor has entered the soup dumpling ring in Flushing! Soup dumpling lovers like us get more unique choices! Win! Located just across the street from the Westbound exit of the LIRR - Main Street Flushing spot. Decor is very impressive with a Chinese calligraphy poem spreading the ceiling with red vase cut-outs wall on one side and paintings on the other. Whether your seat preference is are the booths or benches, it's available! My companion and I came here on a Monday evening for dinner. We were able to snatch the last available table before the 7:00 pm dinner crowd floods in. With a $10.00 or more purchase at table service, your party will receive a free basket of six steamed soup dumplings! Stop reading! Pause! Go there now! My companion and I shared a great variety of their popular dishes such as the Cold Appetizers - Seaweed with Garlic and Cucumber with Garlic. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Buns, Steamed Vegetable Dumplings, Little Hot Pepper Beef Dried Noodles, Soy Milk, and of course the Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings. Cold Appetizers can come half and half of two choices instead of just one entire dish of the same one. This is a great opportunity to try all what they have to offer. I did like what I picked out! Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Buns were so beautifully plated! It was nicely fried and topped with black sesame seeds and scallions. Be warned that it is still scorching hot upon arrival and you should take a small bite first - not the whole thing! I loved how crispy the bottom was and how soft on the inside it was. And yes, meat portion is generous! Steamed Vegetable Dumpling. Yes, I am serious and not only it is healthy tasting but it is tasty! It is minced with various leafy greens like chives - yes, very distinctive flavor of it. Also great with soy sauce and hot chili oil, if you don't believe in being healthy! Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings. This was a freebie basket with six soup dumplings! I was very impressed with the soup and the light gingery minced meat. There was a spoonful of soup and it is packed with flavor! The skin was on the thick side but I love dumpling skin, so it did not bother me too much. Little Hot Pepper Beef Dried-style Noodles. Overall flavor was spicy, tasty, and even the shredded beef was tender. This was good but I would get the noodle soup version next time. Complimentary sweet rice wine mochi for dessert. How generous! I must admit that their menu is almost identical to Nan Xiang; for rumor has it that the head chef now works here. Although, Nan Xiang still reigns as the top soup dumpling spot on my list but I would not hesitate to ditch them for this spot once in a while! Not to mention, there is something called good service exists here that Nan Xiang lacks!Side Note: Corner 28 take-out plastic bags cracks me up! Obviously, they are under the same ownership! Haha!
Long wait for soup dumplings... o.m.g With that being said Soup dumplings were plump and delicious. If you check in on yelp or just mention about it, you get free Pork soup dumplings on the house. Dishes to order:Beef tendonscrab meat soup dumplingsSalted soy bean curdSkip out on the Beef & chilli pepper noodles. Noodles were too soggy and very little beef.We asked for a bowl of rice three times from 3 different waiters and never received it. We said it in english and chinese. I'm not sure whats so hard to comprehend.
I came on a Thursday evening around 7pm with a friend and it was pretty busy in the restaurant but we were seated immediately. Waiters and waitresses were very attentive. A huge advantage is that the menu has a lot of pictures. We ordered 1 order of crab soup dumplings and an order of pork soup dumplings. We also got the scallion pancake with beef and beef udon stir fry. I have to admit, I was pretty impressed. This place exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be returning. Everything was delicious. It's a cash only restaurant and I'm not too sure how long the yelp deal will last but if you check in, you can get an order of soup dumplings free!! It can't get any better then that.
Gotta say. It has been a long time since i tried a new restaurant around town and the experience was great am around. The line was long but they had a really good number management system and although there was about 15 people ahead of us for a smaller restaurant, we were seated in about 10 minutes. What was a little shady but worked out pretty well, is they gave us menus to look at while we were waiting, didn't rush us or pressure us, but took our order and our food came to our table within 5 minutes of sitting down. Not bad and the food was piping out and came out very fresh. Aside from decor, the food reminded me a lot like Din Tai Fung. Flavors were new/ clean/ refreshing, and menu was very authentic and every dish we ordered was well prepared and very delicious. They had traditional breakfast items like congee/ sides/ soy bean milk and a very extensive menu with lots of options. If you spend more than $10 - they give you a free order of steamed pork soup dumplings which in itself is tyically about $6-$7. They didn't rush us out but quick turnover was important to them for obvious reasons. All in all, service, food, and prices were all very good. The only issue which is typical of Flushing is that they only take cash. But if that's not a problem, then you will have a very good overall experience.
Great place for dinner! Joe's Shanghai and Nan Xiang better watch out because You Garden is in town and they are here to make a statement.I came here last night with a party of 4 and we were highly surprised at how good the meal was! We definitely over ordered, but I would definitely recommend: steam pork buns, steamed crab meat pork buns, pan-fried dumplings, fried bean gluten, cucumber & garlic, deep fried yellow croaker with diced seaweed (don't knock this one until you try it), spicy beef & tripe, and noodle with beef & chili pepper. The restaurant was quite busy when we arrived so one annoying thing was we had to keep waving our hand to get one of the waiters over, found that quite annoying especially seeing the waiters help other tables and then zip out of the floor before we could get their attention. But the free steam pork buns we got for checking in on Yelp totally made up for it, I mean that's basically what made us want to try this place in the first place, but we were way more surprised with how delicious the food tasted. Cool thing we even got to meet the owner! They also have free wifi, which has their username and password up on the wall but with delicious food in front of you, you ain't got time to be using wifi. Coming back soon!!
Decided to take a risk and try out a different Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing yesterday evening, since we've only been to the 2 establishments (Nan Xiang and Kung Fu) that we know of.  Not to mention, I pulled this place up on Yelp and saw, besides the rave reviews, that they were offering a free steamer of pork soup dumplings upon checking in.  Free food? Why not?We were seated right away despite the room being seemingly packed.  Apparently, everyone in the front were either waiting for take-out or larger tables to seat bigger parties, so couples - don't be afraid, there is room for you!  The tables were also big enough to hold plenty of dishes, perfect for fatties like myself.  May I add, their soup dumpling spoon is huge!  So do some lip stretches before you come here because you will need to expand those babies up.We ordered the pork and crabmeat soup dumplings, along with a spicy beef brisket cold dish, chicken soup, and pork with salted cabbage noodle soup.  Even though the skin on the dumplings were a tad thicker than usual, they were quite flavorful.  I love how the big spoon prevents spillage for the non-soup-dumpling-eating-experts.  The beef brisket was also tasty - perfect amount of heat and less greasy than ones I've had.  The chicken soup and noodle soup were okay, but forgettable.  They also served us complimentary dessert, a "tong sui" that resembles "tong yuen" with goji berries.  It was nice of them but neither of us were fans.  It tasted strange.  Couldn't place a finger on it.Service was decent, but the wait staff needs to practice their Engrish.  Besides that and the dessert, we were rather pleased and would come again!
The restaurant is pleasant on the eye when you first walk in-it's clean and well-lit. Upon sitting down at the booth, you realize the table is too far from your set. It must have been a foreshadowing of the unsatisfying dinner to come for my family and I. To be honest, we didn't get the usual XLB and noodle dishes, but the quality of the food presented to us was terrible. Serving sizes of the cold appetizers were also small.We ordered some sort of sweet and spicy fried whole fish in which the sauce didn't mask how tasteless the fish was. Another dish we tried was an eel dish in a brown sauce and it was hard to ignore the fishy, "dead" taste it had. The free order of XLB was nice but nothing special. The next free dish, which was the dessert soup, was just plain weird. Upon the first sip, the alcohol in it was overwhelming and it shocked me because I initially assumed it would be something sweet. It was something I would have passed on even know it was complimentary. The best thing that we had was the turnip puff, a small part of our meal.
Service - 1/1 StarGreat service, everyone was super friendly and willing to help with any issues or orders you may have. Everyone at the Shanghai You Garden is your waiter/waitress, they were there to ensure you were comfortable at all times. Pricing and Quantity - 2/2 StarsGood pricing, nothing is expensive, but nothing was cheap. They are a medium grade establishment so all prices were acceptable. The quantity of food per dish was very acceptable. I ordered the Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings) and they were 4 of them. All good portion sizes, filled to the brim with shrimp. Also took two orders of Crab Meat Steamed Soup Bun and Pork Meat Steamed Soup Bun. 6 per order lot, but for the price point, it was very acceptable.Quality - 1/2 StarsThe items off the menu I ordered was Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings), two lots of Crab Meat Steamed Soup Bun, two lots of Pork Meat Steamed Soup Bun, and Soup Filled Bun (House Special). The Har Gow was great: the dough wasn't too thick, the shrimp was abundant and perfectly seasoned. The Crab Meat and Pork Meat Steamed Soup Buns were very fresh and not a single soup bun arrived broken, they all contained a copious amount of soup. The issue on why Shanghai You Garden didn't receive full stars in the quality section would result from the house special - Soup Filled Bun, it's an awful rip off of what a traditional steamed soup bun is. The Soup Filled Bun is exactly what it sounds like. A steamed bun filled with soup, no meat. The soup is terribly seasoned and half the soup is pretty much straight oil. Definitely not an item to order.Total Stars 4/5Definitely would recommend this restaurant if you're in the area and you're craving for some Steamed Soup Bun and wouldn't mind spending a little money. Cash only. Stay away from the Soup Filled Bun.
The xiaolongbao here at shanghai you garden are great.  Good balance of meat and soup.  The flavor could be a bit more intense for the crab/pork one, but, overall i was very satisfied.  Chicken marinated in rice wine needed a lot more cooking time as the meat and tendon was not properly broken down and mostly inedible, the flavors of the marinade were not bad.Tripe is delicious but a tad too sweet for my tastes (yes shanghainese food typically errs on the sweet side) as was the scallion and beef pancake (was a bit soggy the day i went).Bringing more friends back to give it another try.Also, two weeks ago I returned from a 5 day trip in Shanghai that was filled with family and food.  I was pretty disappointed in most of the places i remembered from 10 years ago.  My only guess is that the rapid expansion of modern restaurants and fusion / western spots is capturing a majority of the chinese millenials... leaving the traditional and touristy spots to rot... and people dont care about quality anymore (typical chinese)... had xiaolongbao from 4 different spots including the spot in YuYuan and it all sucked.  Nothing like it was before.  Shanghai you garden surprisingly is better than most places in Shanghai.  Sad state of chinese affairs.
The block is really skeevy, with women in 40s offering massages. The people at You Garden were cordial and eager to please, and the food tasted pretty good,  but I got such a dose of MSG! Went in with a very empty stomach, ready to chow down. We enjoyed the food pretty well, though the dumplings weren't the greatest. After about 20 minutes, though, when the food got to my stomach, my heart starting racing, skin got clammy, and my jawline got that uncomfortable tingle that means it's MSG. For about a minute, I could hardly speak as I rode that chemically-induced wave. My friend said I looked really pale. Maybe it's an allergic reaction, because he was not affected. It was like having a seizure. It happened about an hour ago, and I'm over it, but there's no reason for me to go back.
The best spot in the middle of flushing. If you want a glimpse into delicious Shanghai style food this is the place to go. Service is great most of the time and the prices are even better. Make sure to order $10 worth of food to then get a free tray of pork soup dumplings.
Food is good.  Service used to be better.  The way they handle take out is just terrible.  We called in for an order at one time. Food still wasn't ready after almost an hour.   Dine-in is priority for them.  Also, beware of the way they calculate your bill.  We ordered a dish for take out after dining in.  The waiter included the take out dish to the dine in bill, which was OK; but they also calculated the 15% service charge on the entire bill.   We thought it wasn't correct but paid it anyway.  What gets us more upset was the waiter decided it was not enough, $5 tip on a $30 bill.  He harassed us for another $2.  My family used to go to this restaurant frequently when it was first opened.  We are no longer patrons there due to the service.    Plenty of choices elsewhere.
Excellent soup dumplings. Very nice atmosphere. Scallion pancake with beef was incredible. I also love the scallion and onion bun. Loves the fried fish with seaweed also.
As you walked into a very clean establishment with beautiful decor and ceiling hunged with Chinese calligraphy. The booths were taken but the server seated us at a half booth and chairs table. My mom ordered up a storm as she's an ultimate foodie without writing reviews. She ordered Fried Bean Gluten, Chicken with Wine Sauce, Pork Xiao Long Bao, Pork & Crab Xiao Long Bao (my favorite), and Pork Chop Noodle Soup. I love the tiniest of the soup dumpling wrapper...bite a little hole then suck up the delicious soup *hubba hubba* I lost count of how many I ate but it was so yummy as I was under the weather. The Pork Chop was kept separate from the noodle soup which always good. The broth was very tasty and warmhearted for my cold. The Pork Chop was so crispy and noodles were really thin along with Bok Choy. My ordered the Braised Fish and Braised Deep Fried Round Hoof to go. Apparently its under the same ownership as Corner 28. I am dreaming of coming back for some more delicious food!
I tried this place at the recommendation of my boss. You Garden is now my recommendation for xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) in Flushing. In my opinion, You Garden seems to have slightly better food and service than its competitors.Dishes we've had:- Crab Xiaolongbao (螃粉小龍寶): You Garden's version is a thin-skinned dumpling with a rich and flavorful broth. By comparison, Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao's xiaolongbao is very good, too, with a more delicate skin, but muted broth. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao's version also has a flavorful broth, but thicker skin all around. In general, get one order for every 2 people in your party. You Garden supplies an empty condiment dish with thin ginger strips for each person, meant to hold vinegar. It's a small detail sometimes absent at other restaurants.- Cucumber and Garlic (脆囗青瓜): The restaurant's version comes with cilantro. Recommended (unless you have an aversion to cilantro).- Beef Pan Fried Udon Noodle (牛肉粗炒麵): This version is less greasy and has more meat and vegetables compared to surrounding restaurants. Recommended.- Special Spare Ribs with Garlic Sauce (蒜香骨): Deep fried goodness. One rib per order.- Fermented Glutinous Rice Dumpling (酒釀圓子):  Complementary dessert of glutinous rice balls with wolfberries in a rice-wine congee soup. An unusual taste more suited to adults than children, but a delightful dessert nonetheless.Logistics:You Garden is generally crowded, but they make efficient use of wait time. They generally ask you to review the menu and order while you are waiting to be seated, such that your food comes in a timely manner shortly after you are seated. The trade-off for inexpensive, high-quality food is customer turnover -- this is not a place to have a slow dinner. The restaurant staff would like to you eat your meal comfortably, but then leave shortly afterwards to make room for waiting customers.Other:MSG, if used, was undetectable.Overall: Five stars, for great food, efficient service, and a clean, well-decorated, and comfortable environment.
Ordered two orders of the crab pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake yesterday at around noon. I don't know how they cook these things but I got sick within a couple of hours and now I'm up in the middle of the night with pain. Also long wait for this take out order.
I was there with my family during the late afternoon, to try their steamed pork buns and other items.When we got there, it wasn't packed with a lot of people, so that was a good thing.We ordered several items like Soup Filled Bun, Fried Stinky tofu, along with scallion pancake and chicken in cold wine sauce.The foods was delicious and the price was worth it.The staff gave us a free order of steamed pork buns.Overall, if you want to have a relax and enjoyable meal with your family, this is the place.
Small hidden dim sum place.  You can actually watch them make the fresh dumplings right there.  The food is great but not sure if it suppose to taste like the Shanghai style or it lacks a little flavor.  Customer service is excellent.
I love this place. It's outside doesn't do it justice. The restaurant itself is really large and can fit many tables. It's clean, the workers are friendly, prices are cheap, and the free soup dumpling deal is bomb. I love having a worthy option other than Nan Xiang. The noodles, dumplings, soups - they're all good. They always give you a rice wine mochi for dessert. I personally don't like it, but I think it's just an acquired taste. They are CASH ONLY but there is an ATM inside.I can't wait to try the individual large dumpling that you drink with a straw.
I am Shanghainese and the food served here is really authentic depending on what you get. The steamed soup dumplings are amazing!!! Take advantage of the free dumplings if you order over $10 for dine-in. The shanghainese meatballs are also really flavorful and good, better paired with rice to reduce the saltiness. Highly recommend the pan fried pork buns as well!! The bottom is very crispy and the filling is delicious and juicy.I personally enjoyed the stinky tofu but the sauce it came with was a little disappointing, it isn't as thick and flavorful as it should be. The Shanghainese lomein is also a bit of a let down, but then again, I haven't found anywhere that makes it really well and authentic.Overall, I recommend this place but know what you want and do research on what you should get!
This place is definitely better than other Shanghainese restaurants in the area but I must say...some of the waitresses were extremely rude and even pushy since my party of three only ordered 5 dishes which is apparently not enough to them. The rude service bumps them down to three stars but I would say the food redeems the poor service.The soup dumplings definitely had lots of flavor and soup! (And they're free with your meal too which is great!). The taro cakes were bit of a let down since there wasn't much flavor to them but paired with the hot sauce that was provided on the tables, it was much better! The spring rolls are much better than the taro cakes. The hainanese chicken was also quite tasty.Overall, the dining area is really comfortable and the food is quite good, just watch out for some of those nasty waitresses who seem to really hate their job.
Excellent!Went there for the first time, after noticing the lack of super-long lines this particular morning, with the wife and a 1.5 year old.Soybean Milk - Excellent, smooth flavor, not watered down, and could not detect any particles that you sometimes find from lesser vendors. Superb quality!Scallion Pancakes - Very good, thin & flaky, not too thick nor overly fried.Youtiao (Chinese Fried Dough) - Pretty good as well - hot upon arrival. Could be crispier though, but since it would be dipped into the soybean milk before consumption, does not matter.Shanghai Shao Mai - Dim sum with sticky rice, excellent and well-made. The little one loved it (she has very selective taste buds).Fried Pork Dumplings & Vegetable Dumplings - Was too full after the above to try them. But looked great! Took them home.Steamed Pork Buns - BONUS! Was given an order for free, we didn't realize until they arrived & reviewed the check thereafter. Phenomenal, perfect composition of thin outer layer while the internal contents were perfectly hot and juicy!We'll definitely come back often and bring friends!
Amazing spot for cheap and authentic Shanghainese dim sum. This is literally the only place I go to every time I'm in flushing. If we lived closer I would come here every week. Doesn't hurt that there's free soup dumplings for every table that orders $10 or more.
Ok... I know I'm supposed to fall in love with their xiao (sil) long bao, aka soup dumplings... So here's a twist!Logistics: parking is beyond horrendous in Flushing (for ages!), so park at Sky View Mall (best option), speed walk over to Shanghai You Garden (bonus: if this place is beyond pack, head over to the New World Mall food court and feast!).  We didn't want the lunch crowd so we aimed for an early brunch, arrived at 10:45am, no wait.  The booth seatings are huge, comfy for a party of 4 or 6... Food: (thanks Yelp check-in offer! Free pork soup dumplings) - total bill w/ tip: $64 (pretty darn cheap eats!) -crabmeat soup dumplings: tasty but when I peeked inside, there's like a tiny spat of crab meat... (Not over flowing like the ones at E Noodle).-pan fried pork dumplings: skins are too thick... Family loved it, but I prefer my fried dumplings with thinner skins for extra crispiness. The filling was ok, too much pork, would be nice to have some chives in it. -stir fry rice cake w/ preserved (snow) cabbage & slice pork: signature Shanghainese dish, this one was good, a bit oily but well seasoned. -noodle soup w/ preserved (snow) cabbage & slice pork: also very good, loved the flavor. -scallion pancakes: crispy, flavorful, family loved it. (We didn't get the one w/ beef bc we ordered too much already).-fried yellow croacker w/ seaweed: this was too oily but I really liked the texture of the fish, HOWEVER becareful as there were many tiny little bones! -Jelly Fish w/ Pickled Radish: Effing Amazing! I love Jelly Fish, I love pickles radish, hence I Totally Loved this dish! This dish alone gives them 4 stars. The taste is very refreshing, palate tantalizing and seriously just good. I took away 1 star for: a) "semi rushed service", I get you want a fast turn around but look at your audience, we ordered so much food, there was no way we could have finished in 15-20 mins... No need to "eye ball us".  b) forgetting to refill our tea pot, even though we did the "traditional" signal of 'our pot is empty' w/ the lid on top of the pot. c) what happened to the free dessert? Maybe bc we were having lunch & not dinner? But how come some customers got free "tong shiu"? Oh well... We were too full anyway. I would trek out to Flushing again for the Jelly Fish dish! Happy "soup dumpling" eating Yelpers!
We didn't need to check in to get a free order of xlbs. We added an order of xlbs with crab, spicy beef and tripe, and scallion pancake stuffed with beef to round out our starters. For main courses, we chose the crystal shrimp and grandma style pork.The xiao long bao were good, if not quite as perfect as the ones at Nan Xiang. They were at perfect temperature and did not stick to the steamer. The spicy beef and tripe was pretty tender, and the level of heat hit the spot. The killer app was that stuffed pancake. I saw Andrew Zimmern stand in a line in for 45 minutes to snag something similar from a Shanghai street vendor. I can't imagine that the one he had was all that much better than this one, which was savory, flaky and crisp. The crystal shrimp were, as I suspected sort of like har kow filling but with whole shrimp, a nice portion of good seafood. The pork proved to be stewed pork belly, not too fat in a mild sauce. Almost like barbecue.Service was very good. I would certainly return.Cash only.
I've always gone to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao on prince street because that is my favorite place to get soup dumplings. But my cousin had brought me to this place, and oh man, it was worth it. They have very similar stuff on their menu to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, with a few unique additional items that I'd highly recommend (see pictures). The soup dumplings tasted just as great and none of them broke. Also it was awesome that they give a free order of soup dumplings with a check in on Yelp. Among my favorite dishes are the Fried Bean Gluten, Cucumber&Garlic, and the Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed to name a few. I wasn't disappointed at all with this place and will definitely be bringing my friends to join me the next time I go. The service was also on point. We had a 30 minute wait for a table (party of four on a Friday night), but while you wait they can take your order. As soon as we sat down within 5-10 minutes all of our dishes were coming to our table, which also really won me over with this place. I'm glad to have a new soup dumpling place to go to in Flushing!
The food hit the spot!  The waiter offered the free xiao loong baos w/o us even mentioning it. Can't beat free food!  They were actually really good. We had jellyfish, cukes, fried gluten, beef scallion pancakes and the baos. All was delicious and we saw lots more that we wanted to try. Aside from the long wait, and the bothersome flies, the meal was pretty good. Outside the restaurant was another story, the street is so stinky, garbage laden, prob the source of the fly.  Why can't they do something about the garbage?
Great food and good service compared to other restaurants in the area. Definitely get the beef and pepper noodles! You get free soup dumplings with any order above $15 so plan accordingly.
Food: I especially liked their beef scallion pancake which was crispy but yet chewy and wrapped around a good amount of beef. The pan fried pork buns were the closest to what I had in Shanghai. Their large meatballs, while perhaps a little too doused in sauce, were delicious as well! Service: Quick! I came with a party of 9.Hygiene: pretty good for Flushing Chinatown
I'm quite glad that this place is slightly hidden (in the alley area that everyone hates going to), because it is SO much better than Nan Xiang Dumpling Place-- good quality food along with a better looking restaurant + no lines.I don't know how long this promotion is going to last, but you basically get one basket of free soup dumplings (super worth-- I saw a lady come in and order a tiny little appetizer just for the soup dumplings). The menu selection looks similar to that of Nan Xiang, but comes with more variety and selection. The restaurant is also GORGEOUS, the decor is amazing.All in all, the food tastes good and the price is right + no wait + neat looking atmosphere.
Best Dim-sum in the tri-state area! I have always just assumed that China-town would be the place to get Dim-sum, but I have recently learned that Chinatown is nothing short of a tourist trap. I know that the quick trip to Canal Street is more convenient for NYC residents, but you will pay double as much for half the quality. The dim-sum from Shanghai You Garden was out of this world!! With the free round of pork buns for checking in on Yelp, you can leave with a full belly for $15 per person. If you are looking for the real-deal "authentic" dimsum, I promise you the trip is worth it. I also tried jellyfish for the first time, which was  phenomenal. I would not have ordered such an exotic dish from an establishment that I do not trust.
If you order more than $10, you get a free pork soup dumplings. Im sold. My friend and I got the spicy beef and tripe as appetizers, the pork and cabbage noodles, and crabmeat soup dumplings. The food was really delicious. The environment is clean and it does get busy through out the night.  Our server was a bit rude to us in the beginning, which got me a bit upset. But at least, we weren't being rushed to finish our meal and pay. Despite that, I'll still come back for dinner.  Remember to bring some cash since it doesn't accept credit cards.
My first visit was quite pleasant but the second not so much.My friends and I order the crab/pork soup dumplings (we got the free check-in pork soup dumplings), rice cake with preserved cabbage, and spicy bamboo shoots. The food was pretty good and it's cheap. Our meal came out to approx. $21. I would only come back for the cheap food. The service like any other Chinese place sucks. Rude people who forgets your order and try to rush you out. They also did not give us our free dessert. ***Make sure you check in to redeem your free dumplings!
Whenever my Shanghainese relatives are in town, I always take them out here. The food is great and the servers are actually Shanghainese! Every single meal I've had here has been a great experience.
Good food BUT slow service and bad communication between staff. I ordered two simple fried dishes to go for Thanksgiving with my family. I stepped out and bought outside dishes from other restaurants. Returned half an hour later (WITH the outside dishes already in hand) and still ended up waiting for my dishes. Another time, I came with my family. We ordered a lot and decided to take some left over buns home. We waited for the waiter to return, only to find out 15 minutes later... ALL the staff seemed to be clueless about the existence of our take out. They stood around waiting to see if we recognized which staff may have took it. They're JUST buns!!! Why couldn't they believe us, apologize and give us new buns, and then send us home? I have no clue. But this place needs to get their s--- together. Always disappointing experiences.
This place is nice because they give you a lot of free stuff. There is a wait, but it's not super long. I really like their cold appetizers (beef tendons, vegetables.) It really is quite similar to nan xiang but it is more posh and seems cleaner. The price point is similar. We ordered the shen jiang tang bao, but they said it would take a long time. For our trouble, they said they would give us a free steamer of pork XLB in addition to the shen jiang bao. Then at the end, we got free dessert as well. We were so full! I had a great time here, the only thing is I wouldn't come here with a group because they seem to rush you along a little.
This place has pretty good soup dumplings. I still do not think their soup dumplings beat the ones at Nan Xiang Dumpling House. A little pricer too. I went there just for the huge sized soup dumpling, which was eh. It was pricy (~$4-5) and it did not taste that great. My friends and I got it mainly for the pictures! We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, shanghai house special noodles, szechuan wontons, and some rice cakes. All were mediocre!
Wow, where do I begin with all the things we ordered here? I cam here with a few friends for a Flushing half-day trip (it's far for us Manhattanites!) and we ordered the you-tiao, two orders of the XLB, the fried pork buns, a noodle dish, scallion pancakes with meat inside, some dim sum, and a fried red bean paste dessert. But really, the XLB is the reason to come here. Needless to say we were completely full from all the delicious food. None of us ate for the rest of the day. Oh, and the bill came out to $12/person. That makes me happy
In a crowded area of really great Asian food, this place fared pretty well.  I only ordered the pork soup dumplings and the rice cakes.  The soup dumplings were good but not the best Flushing has to offer.  The skin was very thin and more than half broke apart from the chopsticks to the spoon transition.  Which to me was a real bummer because I totally dig the explosion of juiciness that occurs when the skin doesn't break.  The dumplings are however a little lighter in fattiness compared to Joe's Shanghai or Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  I prefer the richness of those places but that's just me.  The rice cake with shredded pork was good and a little less oily than some of the other places I've tried, but they were also a bit more bland.All in all, it was still a pretty solid place and had the dumpling skin been just a tad thicker, I would have bumped this up to 4 stars.
The soup dumplings are superb and the noodles were fresh. I had the pan fried noodles and the beef udons. They were really good. They have a  The price can't be beat. It will be hard to find parking nearby. It gets so busy that food service can be a bit rushed. Can't knock the hustle. You may have to wait outside and they will pressure you to order before you sit if you come during busy hours on the weekend.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House has always been my go-to place in Flushing but I am no longer going there after discovering this place. Below is the comparison: Service: Winner - You Garden Efficiency of line: Winner - You Garden Physical environment: Winner - You GardenCrispy Noodle: Winner - You GardenCrab Soup Dumpling: Winner - Nan XiangRegular Soup Dumpling: Winner - You GardenPork and Vegetable Wonton: Winner - you Garden Soy Milk: Tied Overall Experience: Clear Winner - You GardenI really appreciated the fact they seated us without the whole party present as most places require everyone be there before they are willing to seat you. Additionally, they give you a free regular soup dumpling (6 pieces) if you spend $10 plus a free traditional Shanghainese dessert (fermented wine rice ball). Can't wait to go back again!!
I've ordered from here a couple of times but haven't been to there to dine in until today. We were so hungry we forgot to take pictures. The soup dumplings are so good that you don't even need the sauce to go with it. I have always been to Nanxiang and now I've fallen in love with this place. I personally think You's soup dumplings are a bit better than other places around the area. Only thing is that they don't accept cards. Definitely coming back when I'm craving soup dumplings!
The soup dumplings were great here! Compared to the rest of flushing the service here was pretty friendly. The restaurant was clean and the food was good. We got the rice cake noodles with pork, pork soup dumplings and the giant soup dumpling which was ehhh but only because it did not have meat in it and it was a little oily for my taste. Otherwise good decent sized soup dumpling restaurant!
Good Shanghainese food! It is extremely popular so expect a long wait. I came here with my family on a Monday for lunch and we waited about an hour. It's frustrating though because they tell everyone that it's about a 20-25 minute wait when in reality you can see at least 8-10 parties ahead of you. On the window, they write in Chinese that if your wait time is over an hour, you get a free order of pork soup dumplings so I imagine basically everyone gets a free order. We ordered a variety of dishes:- Pork soup dumplings (free) and crab & pork soup dumplings: The star of the show. I definitely recommend the crab and pork ones over just pork because it is much richer. The soup inside is bursting with flavor and the skin is just the right chewiness and thickness to contain it all. Also love the little dispensers for vinegar and separate bowls for eating soup dumplings so it's less messy! - Fried pork buns: Very crisp and flavorful, but it was extremely greasy. When you bite into the bun, the oil coats your mouth and overpowers everything else. - Spicy beef tendon: One of my favorite appetizers. They portion is quite generous and the tendon is thinly sliced and chilled. I do wish it were a little spicier, but it goes well with the hot sauce that they have on the table. - Scallion pancake: Pretty standard, not too greasy and very crispy. - Turnip puffs: These came out still warm and the puff was very flakey and buttery. I didn't really care for the turnip filling, but my family loved them. - Rice cake with shredded pork and preserved vegetable: I was disappointed that this dish didn't really have much flavor and was a bit bland, since it's a staple in Shanghai cuisine. It was also a bit too greasy. The service is quite good compared to similar Chinese restaurants and the seating is roomy and comfortable. All in all, Shanghai You Garden is a great option for Shanghai cuisine but I don't think it's worth the long 1+ hour waits. However, I do believe it's worth checking out if you're in the area and it's not packed!
The food is reasonably price but very palatable, definitely one of the best southern Chinese cuisines  in Flushing. The newly renovated dinning area and friendly wait staffs are a huge plus.
The service and food was ok. They give free xiao long bao if you order more than $10. The place always packed especially dinner time. Cash only.
Stopped by here for breakfast, pretty excited they were open so early. Of course I ordered the soup dumplings, which were in fact, delicious. A side dish I tried out was the shanghai shu mai. Definitely different from the shu Mai that I am used to (I'm a basic dim sum-er). Overall very clean spot given it's flushing. I would definitely come back for the soup dumplings.
Probably one of the best soup dumplings place you can find in Flushing if not NYC. What can go wrong when they give you a free order of soup dumplings when you order $10 or more?! The crab dumplings are my favorite. The wait staffs are nice. Decor fits the theme. Price is fair. Yup, my go to spot!
Clean environment, tasty food. Xiao Long Bao and Shanghai Smoked Fish are must haves.
Who gives out free soup dumplings with any order of $10 +? This restaurant does!! The food is pretty good especially the beef scallion pancakes and vegetable dumplings. Long line to get in during lunch and dinner time so that's the only con I can think of.
Trekked here to see if it was better than the Manhattan XLB options, or Nan Xiang in Flushing.Concluded that I don't need to go to Flushing for XLB anymore. Shanghai You Garden is a nice restaurant, with above average ambience (by comparison, Nan Xiang is a dive) and friendly service. While the dumplings are tasty, the skins are thicker and the filling not quite as good as other places like Nan Xiang in Flushing, or any of the Manhattan options.Manhattan XLB options have come a long way. In midtown, Kung Fu Ramen makes my favorite XLB at the moment (only problem - they are stingy with the chili bean sauce if they have it at all). Thin wrapper, very flavorful filling. Downtown, Shanghai Heping makes XLB worth traveling for, Joe's Shanghai is still delicious, and Shanhgai Cafe & 456 are good too.
Best Shanghainese food I've had in the States.  For a Westerner, I have half a clue, my wife is Shanghainese and we go there annually. Delicious, every dish was great. Prices very reasonable, soup dumplings better than Joe's Shanghai, with a delightful smokey note to them. And, in an unusual twist for American Chinese restaurants, PLEASANT SERVICE WITH A SMILE. My wife and daughter were there too, and give it the authentic thumbs up!
The soup dumplings were complimentary. The broth was good and they were generous with the pork. We also had an eel dish which did not taste like eel. Lots of flavor and enjoyable. The udon fried noodle dish was ok and seemed small and is really good as an individual dish. The decor was nice but the utensils were a bit greasy so I'm not sure how well they clean the dishware. The waiters are not very attentive. We came on a Wednesday afternoon and the place was full. I can't imagine what it's like on weekends. Parking and traffic is terrible all around in flushing so plan on parking far or waiting for a spot for a long time.
Many dishes such as eel Shanghai style, browned fish, beat Joe Shanghai s, except crab Xiao Long bao.  Provides so many old Shanghai cuisines. One of the best Shanghainess  in Flushing. Always crowded though. No parking which makes going these is like a big event.
Yet another relatively new soup dumpling/shanghai restaurant popping up in Flushing, which gives moreee options! I decided to come here before their promotion is over, which is spend atleast $10 and you automatically get a free pork soup dumpling. I loveee xiao long baos (soup dumplings) and though I love Nan Xiang, I've been hearing the service and food has been lacking lately so I was compelled to give this place a shot... Plus rumors on the street was, the head chef of Nan Xiang went over here anyways... Have not yet got to find out how accurate that is though. SERVICE & AMBIANCE : the place is a smaller than Nan Xiang's and perhaps even a little smaller than Joe's... But the decor is very modern-Asian, with an open preparation window in the front where you see the ladies preparing the xiao long baos and cold appetizers in the display. The tables are big and nice, and some are separated in a semi-booth with an open feel. The service is much more attentive and quicker than Nan Xiang I must admit.FOOD: so yes, Kung Fu's and You Garden's menu is pretty identical to Nan Xiang's.Scallion pancake with beef - flaky, crispy, lightly battered and fried. Satisfying! The only thing I would nit-pick to its competitor Nan Xiang, is that the pancake itself was thicker and didn't wrap around the beef as properly as Nan's which = messier.Xlb Soup Dumplings - we ordered a crab one, and recieved a freebie of pork. I was impressed by the soup dumplings. It was super soupy and plump, the broth was good, skin was thin and soft, and the crab one had a good amount of crabmeat (still, none of them are as crabby as Joe's)Wine Chicken - I say pass on this. I've had much better wine chicken at other Shanghai establishments. The chicken was just hard, dry even for dark meat and super cold. We actually wanted to order the "shanghai special chicken" instead but they claimed no more dark meat... But it looked so good from the guy next to us who ordered it.Cucumbers w/ garlic - this is something I really love ordering everytime at Nan's. It's still very enjoyable and almost on par with Nan's from hereOver all, I'm already planning my next visit here to try the other food I normally love ordering but held back on such as the spicy beef with tendons and tripe, and other goodies on the menu! Everything smelled soo amazing and looked so good all around me from everyone. I have not tried Kung Fu for overall comparison to Nan's recently since I've heard from multiple people they're really falling off. But when I do and then try the rest of the menu, I sha'll post an updated review !
Shanghai You Garden has a very sleek, trendy interior that has very eastern influences. The restaurant is well air conditioned in the summertime, and the service is very quick. We were seated almost immediately, even though the restaurant was packed during lunchtime.I'm not usually a fan of dumplings (which, apparently, is Shanghai's specialty), but this place was an exception. As an appetizer, we had Garlic Cucumber, which was very flavorful and fragrant. I would highly recommend this to stimulate your appetite prior to the main courses, it's very refreshing. After that, we had sweetened soy milk, which was the smoothest, most creamy stuff I had ever had. For main dishes, we had Shanghai Stir Fried Udon, Seafood Noodle Soup, and a rice cake dish (forgot what it was called), and THREE orders of pork dumplings.Speaking of the pork dumplings, they were like little pouches of magic. My dad, who had frequented Shanghai before, instructed us to bit the topmost part off, let it cool a bit, suck out the juices and then eat the whole dumpling, skin and meat filling and all. I had maybe one dumpling, savoring the deliciously soupy insides. I looked over for more, but by the time I turned around, all three orders of dumplings (18 dumplings, since 6 come in each order) were already gone. That goes to show how good they are!They offer a deal where eating in and paying at least $10 for a meal will get you a free order of pork dumplings. I highly recommend that you use this to your advantage so you can sample one of their most famous wares for relatively little money.
This places is tucked in flushing, small venue dont be discouraged by the surroundings. I dont have to tell you that there is no parking nearby. There is hint of a stench of garbage out on the sidewalk but leav I ng that alone. Let me focus on the food experience. I walked in about 6:30pm on a friday night.  We had  party of 5ppl, so they gave us the funky room at the entrance of the restaurant which separates you from the main room. Kind of like a VIP room that they have. We starded with 2 appetizers,  the spicy tripe with  thinly sliced beef and the cucumber with garlic &  sesame oil. Both were very good. I was most amazed that the tripe was really clean and very tasty. Upon checking in with the yelp app, we got a 1 free order of soup buns but we are pigs so we order another order. The soup dumplings were delicious.  My brother in law was mode familiar with the menu so he order the braised pork shoulder with veggie(super yummy succulent pork, that falls off the bone) this is a platter that requires lots of rice so that uou can soak up the rich brown sauce. We wanted to play safe, so we asked for general tso chicken which was tasty and it came with some broccoli. There was an order of sautéed crystal baby shrimp, really tasty shrimp. The highlight of our dinner was the fish head soup  with crystal  noodles. Wow it had an amazing richness of pork and fish and the noodles are clear, flat just like a lasagna noodle but with texture to soak up the soup. The food was delicious, lots of variety,  good size servings. Now when it comes to the service, i had 2 of my family members that are fluent chinese (cantonese and mandarin) speakers. Given that they ordered the food for the entire table, i noticed that several times my brother in law had to get up to either go speak to the waiter or to go get check on missing items for the table. The service could have been better, right fown to the point when they bring the soup. We all looked at the waitress, ah hello we need a soup laddle to serve the soul. My brother in law said something to the lady and it took a while to get soup bowls and a laddleAll throughout dinner they would always forget something for the table.  I can tell you they have a A from the department of health, which is a good sign. I cannot wait to go back and try the lunch specials. I end up parking at the sky mall for $3 with no hassle. I highly recommend this restaurant and their food. Be patient with the servers and tell them everythjng 2x..lol.
Long wait on a Saturday but totally worth it. They take your order while you wait. Service is effective, but don't expect smiles and chit chat or English, as a matter of fact. You sit, eat, enjoy and go. Dumplings, specially the crab dumplings are amazing, and so is the spicy tripe....great value (I think we paid half of what we would have paid in NJ for the same amount of dishes, and for sure they wouldn't have tasted as good). Totally worth the 1 1/2 hour drive each way, plus 45 min. wait, plus the tolls and parking and gas.
About a 15 minute wait on a Sunday evening. Front door staff were pleasant and took our order while we waited. Wait staff once inside were quick and polite (not rude at all). My friend and I split udon noodles with beef, cucumbers with garlic, and a free order of soup dumplings from the yelp check in. $15+tip. Delicious food. One of us could have eaten the udon dish on our own, but this way we could split the buns. I'll definitely be back.
Shanghai You Garden is one out of the many dumpling spots in Flushing. Although all the different types of branches opening get a bit redundant, this xiao long bao spot was pretty good. I went with a group of 6 people and the bill came out to only around $50 which is amazing for the amount of food you get. The Xiao long baos are really tasty and might actually be better than their competitor's; joe's shanghai and Ning Xiang. The only downside is that they seem to rush you while you are eating, and the servers can seem a bit lost and chaotic.
This place is great, me and my girlfriend come here all the time if we go out to Flushing. the prices are cheap and the food is great. You can also get a free order of soup dumplings if you order over 15 dollars I think. Personally the soup dumlpings are my favorite part. I love this place.
They started clearing the table while I was still eating and asked which dishes they should pack for us to go. The food here is pretty good, but what stood out most had to be the rude service. I came with the family for lunch during the weekend and we waited about 20 mins. for a table. Not even 5 mins. after sitting down, we were already asked twice if we were ready to order yet. We ordered the soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, pan fried buns, deep fried yellow croaker w/seaweed, vegetable noodle soup, wine chicken and red bean puffs. The crab dumplings were just ok compared to other places I've tried, but the regular soup dumplings were pretty good. There was a good amount of soup in the dumplings, but the texture of the skin could've been better; it was a bit thick and chewy. I thought the wine chicken and the red bean puffs were really good and I would definitely recommend giving them a try. The noodles and ingredients in the noodle soup were very fresh so if you have room for it, a good option. The fried yellow croaker and pan fried buns were just eh, pass. The decor is modern and nice, but you don't have much time to appreciate it since they rush customers out. If they are concerned about customers having too long of a wait for seats, they should just tighten the seating and put in more tables. As a fellow Yelper mentioned, they only have one bathroom so there was a line of people waiting by the bins of used dishes and utensils, it's just odd. Overall, this place is an option for a quick bite, but there are definitely some better options for Shanghainese food in the area! I don't think I'll be coming back.
I go here for brunch on the weekend every month at least.  Line can get long but moves pretty fast l.  Free XLB if you order $10 or so.  Get the niurou juanbing (pancake with beef), the youtiao and doujiang (cruller with soy milk), shengjianbao (pan fried bao), the shaomai, and the hongyouchshou (wonton in spicy oil).  Lots of carbs, but all taste good and easy to take home and have for a 2nd breakfast/snack.
New xiao long bao place that opened in Flushing. The buns are great. The skin is not too thick and not too thin so it doesn't pop easily nor does it feel like you're eating a glob of dough. The soup to meat ratio on the inside is good too. And they gave us a free order of regular soup dumplings and tong shui at the end of our meal. Only downside is they only have noodle dishes and no rice dishes, but that's okay cus we here for the dumplings anyway. Would recommend to our friends.
Been here a couple of times since they first opened last year. The food and service don't disappoint! They are awesome in so many ways - so do yourselves a favor and skip out on the overrated Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai.A few reasons: - They still offer free pork XLB if you order $10+ / check-in on Yelp, which I find truly awesome (it was originally just for their grand opening period!)- They take your order while you wait, so you'll be served once you're seated- Their scallion pancake with sliced beef portion is quite generous compared to Nan Xiang (a lot more beef to pancake ratio)- Nothing is overly greasy- They always finish your meal with some sweet rice cake soupAlso love the decor and the authentic feel of this place. You can easily tell that this place is a favorite among the Shanghainese community (almost all the diners there spoke the dialect).
I always to go a Shanghainese restaurant with low expectations because i have not yet found a good one. Until tonight, i was pretty happy.  Their menu is full of authentic Shanghainese dishes. We only ordered small dishes such as pan friend dumplings, steam dumplings, scallion pancakes, this fried rice dish (no idea what it is, it's a square rice call with a crunch outside), salty soy milk, and this fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed (super yum). We are def. coming back for more.  Wanna try their main dishes badly!
I've pledged loyalty to Nan Xiang, but after eating here, I'm sure it will give Nan Xiang a run for its money!  It's clean (had to see it with my own eyes after reading Anna H.'s review), bright and the soup dumplings were delish!  You also get a free order of pork dumplings and a dessert with your meal.  My only gripe was that our order of jellyfish was lacking - a few pieces of jellyfish among the massive plate of daikon - I really had to search for it.  We also received the wrong order of pork dumplings when we ordered the crab/pork dumplings, but they quickly realized and corrected the situation.  I will have to come back to try some other dishes.
We had lunch here today with my old friend and her and we were pleasantly surprised with the artistry of the food and the low price. Having so much variety,  we ordered the xiao long bao, double cooked pork grandma style, rice cakes with shredded pork,  tofu porridge, yeow teow, and taro balls. My it was good and tasty.  These new places pooping up in flushing lately have upped their game with the influx of maunland chinese from the north vs the standard fujianese and cantonese variants.
Came here today at around 2pm, and it was busy.  Focusing on the food- we ordered the crab and pork XiaoLong Bao/steamed bun, and got an order of the pork Xiao long bao for the yelp check in.  These were good.  I saw the reviews commenting on Nanjing and Joe Shanghai.  These dumpling skins, at least today were a good thickness and taste.  They were not thick like Joe's are at times, and there is some variability with Nanjing's.  Whether this place has variability remains to be seen.  There was ample soup that was not too sweet, and the filling had good consistency.  I also felt that you could make out the difference between the crab containing ones and the pork only.  I honestly like Joe's as well, but they are just different than most Xiao long bao almost to not really consider them in the same food group...  These are trying to be more like Nanjing, and I dare say Din Tai Fung, and other places I have been in Shanghai.  It's not to say that these are better, just that they were good and similar to.  They hit the spot.  We also had the jellyfish and turnip, and the taste was good if not amazing.  The turnip gives it a different flavor than mainly jellyfish.  The deep fried croaker was good.  The Wuxi styled ribs were very soft/fall off the bone type ribs.  We had the seafood udon noodles which was a smaller than expected portion, with less seafood than say Joe's.  All in all it was a good meal.  The kids enjoyed it.  The booth seating is good for adults and probably teenagers, but the seat distance to tables is far for kids.  I honestly stood up while in the booth to help serve food, which in a typical booth is hard to do.  Service was fine and not really chaotic as some other reviews described.
In the midst of all the dumpling spots in Flushing that I have been to, Shanghai You Garden is definitely on the top of the list. The restaurant itself was nicely decorated, clean, and had the friendliest staff! The restaurant is definitely busy during the evening and reasonably so. We went there on a Thursday and Friday night on separate weeks. The wait on Thursday night was not too bad, probably 10 min. On Friday, there was about an 20 minute wait, but they do have a number system and take your order while you're waiting, so there's no time wasted in getting your food.Now on for the food. I've been here two separate times, and the food has been consistent and delicious both times.1. Special spare ribs with garlic sauce- Fried crispy skin with well cooked meat to compliment. My boyfriend said he would make a meal out of this one item, so you know it was good.2. Shrimp Dumplings- All I have to say is that, there was seductive shrimp in every bite! 3. Steamed Crab Meat Pork Bun- Filling and flavorful.4. Pan Fried Dumplings- Good....I was kind of already full at this point, so I thought they were good.5. Cold soy sauce duck- Let me start off my saying when I first got there, I was mindlessly just flipping through pages and looking at pictures so I did not see that this was a cold dish, but it was delicious! When I first took a bite, it was slightly cold, as the soy sauce was warm. Hey, I didn't care that it was cold because I finished it to the last bite.6. Beef & Chili Pepper w/ Noodle Soup- Again, I was slightly full to even enjoy this soup. Although, it was still flavorful and slightly spicy so don't shy away because you see chili peppers.Both times we did receive the complimentary pork buns and they were as flavorful as the rest of the items. Along with that, we did get complimentary dessert bowls, which I think are the Fermented Gluttonous Rice Dumplings on the menu. The dessert was hot, sweet, and a good way to end our meal. I can't wait to be back!
very great place clean and food tasty i being here 3time always excellent the dish are median size price are ok i fully recommond to come here try it they always busy and full seat i order garlic rib beef pancake drunk chicken and xo sauce duck was so yummy will come back again thank you for the delicious food
Oh good lord the wait was a b**ch, but the steamed crab buns were worth the long wait, each bun is handmade and cooked on the spot. Prices were reasonable, great service, traditional Chinese food without any weird western twist, & a restaurant run by people who know what they're doing. With all the places to eat in Flushing, this is a must try. Sit back and relax for dinner, versus going to some food court overcrowded with annoying and loud people.
This place has AMAZING service and even better food! Me and my dad loved this place while we were visiting NY. Their soup dumplings were to die for. We were looking forward to those dumplings the most and we were definitely satified! We went there twice on our trip and we probably would have went a thousand times more if we had the chance. It's a MUST if you're in the Flushing area.
A nice change from the other soup dumpling places in Queens. As soon as you enter the restaurant you can see the workers making the dumplings. So far every time we've gone they have given one free order of soup dumplings and an dessert soup. Decently priced everything!
food quality is good 4 to 4.5 stars.  However, service is very very poor 1 star or even 0.  They push very hard and bad and rush us to place food order even we have not yet sit down.  Kind of they force us to place order and attitude is really bad.  We still waiting, my goodness! Therefore, the average is 2 stars!
Best soup dumplings and soft tofu dessert I tried so far... the place looks pretty new and clean....
The was my go-to for Shanghainese (for quality, & cheap eats). I've been here a handful of times in the past year, & a half. Over time, I noticed they raised the prices on some dishes; I accepted that. I went yesterday, & saw that the dishes were smaller, as well, I accepted that. The deal breaker came when I tasted the food. It was not as good as it used to be. I was w/ 2 friends, & they thought the same. They still have the free order of soup dumplings, but the waiter said I needed to buy 1, to get it. I think he was trying to upsell me, but I didn't press the issue. To sum up, you've lost my loyalty, & I have to find a new go-to.
Decent Shanghaiese food and soup dumplings. Nice decor but seating can be too tightly packed. The wait can be intimidating and full party has to arrive to be seated. Good choice if you want Shanghaiese and it is not too crowded.
I'll admit, I was hesitant to believe the 4 star review that Shanghai You Garden has received so far. Nan Xiang on Prince Street has always been my go to spot to satisfy my soup dumpling cravings. However after reading fellow Yelper Cynthia's review and seeing that Shanghai You Garden offers a free carton of 6 pork soup dumplings (free with a minimum order of $10 if you mention it as others have mentioned), I knew I had to try it before the offer disappeared. Between 3 people, we shared:- Scallion pancake with beef ($4.95)- Crab and pork soup dumplings ($6.75)- Pork soup dumplings (free)- Braised bean curd ($4.95)- Jellyfish with turnip ($5.95)- Beef and chili pepper noodle soup ($7.95) Thinking the portions would be comparable to Nan Xiang, we over ordered, making this a little too much food for 3 people. The highlights of the meal were the scallion pancake with beef, the crab and pork soup dumplings, and the braised bean curd. The scallion pancake came with 4 large pieces that were perfectly fried and crispy. Surprisingly, it's not as oily as you would think compared to other places. The braised bean curd is a dish I wish I knew had to make. Seasoned so well, you have to order this dish! If you love the outer layer of fried tofu, you'll especially appreciate this. I complained how this cold appetizer was a bit pricy, but my mom justified the price with the amount of work that goes into preparing this side dish. Finally, the crab and pork soup dumplings were the juiciest and most flavorful soup dumplings I've had outside of Din Din in Tapei. Fight the urge and beware of biting into the dumpling seconds, even a minute after arriving - I assumed that they would be warm and went right into the dumpling and burned my tongue (a sign that these delicacies are prepared fresh); it was so worth it though. You can actually taste the crab flavor in these dumplings compared to Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai. The free pork dumplings were good as well, but the crab added another layer of flavor toppling over the pork dumplings. I recommend eating the soup dumplings first, while they're still hot as they're more enjoyable that way. I had 2 soup dumplings towards the end after they sat for awhile, so they cooled down completely at that point. It was still good and bursting with flavor, but it wasn't as good as it was hot. Skip the the beef and chili pepper noodle soup. Its massive size is the only impressive part. It's definitely a portion for 2-3 people. However, the noodles were bland and not spicy as advertised. My mom and I both compared the noodles to the packaged noodles you can just buy from the supermarket. Also skip the jellyfish with turnip - it's literally a 90%:10% ratio of turnip to jellyfish. So essentially, you're paying $6 for turnips - no thanks. You also get free rice wine mochi dessert at the end. I wasn't a fan of this dish at all as it was heavily doused in rice wine. The mochi was soft and chewy though.The only real compliant I have about Shanghai You Garden is their service. Not saying that Flushing has outstanding service, if that even exists, but I feel like Shanghai You Garden goes out of their way to really make you feel rushed. From asking numerous times if we're ready to order to watching your dishes almost empty, so they can come and scoop any remaining bits onto anyone's plate, so they can clear the table, to dropping off the check before you even ask to then picking up the check when you didn't even pay yet - all this made the dining experience a bit uncomfortable...I'd like to serve myself in peace. But hey, if you're busy and have a packed house at off hours like 5-6 pm, I can see why you'd like to turn tables over as quickly as possible.
45 minutes wait on a Friday nightpretty much ordered EVERYTHING on the menu, the four of us could not finish everything, but food quality was above average:Things I like the best:- steamed dumplings with pork - legit and really good- pork shank - it was awesome! love the sauce as wellThings that are average:- the soup noodles- the fried shanghai noodles- steamed pork bunsIt was a great satisfaction when craving Shanghai food,and after ordering literally everything on the menu, the bill came out to be only $68. Is this for real?I like how they give us a lot of free items:- steamed dumplings with pork- dessert - sweet soup with mochi
This is my second time coming to this Shanghai restaurant and I do plan on coming back. I love how they would give you a free order of pork soup dumplings on the first 10 dollars you spend. This time I came with a party of four people who weren't too hungry. We ordered a order of regular pork soup dumplings, braised pork leg, shanghai pan fried u don, stinky tofu and 3  soup buns. The shanghai pan fried udon came very fast and was delicious! Next came our pork soup dumplings, and the individual soup buns. The braised pork leg and stinky tofu came last. The dumplings was juicy hot and fresh out of the steamer. The pork leg was so soft and flavorful. This is best with a bowl of warm rice. The stinky tofu wasn't as stinky when it's in front of you but it still tasted good with the sweet sauce, hot sauce, and kimchi. The individual soup buns were actually a bit disappointing. We expected it have some seafood or pork filling, but instead it was only a soup that tasted fishy. It came in a cute little bamboo steamer and a straw to drink the soup. Overall, if you are looking to enjoy soup dumplings and authentic shanghai food, this is definitely a good choice. The decor here is beautiful and the price is just right!
When in Queens, do as the Queens Yelpers do. So when Anna H. mentioned a "very clean" Chinese dumpling place, I was intrigued. And when she said her foodie mom was ordering up half the menu, I was compelled. Shanghai You Garden is indeed all she said. The place is very clean, with a bathroom that was only slightly messy considering the hungry hordes waiting outside and eating inside. You enter and pass the organized take out area, with the many trays of assorted Chinese foods and the chairs all taken by the waiting crowd. Be amazed by the clean window that separates you from the food, and the fact that there isn't food spilling from those trays in an unsightly manner, as you often see in Chinatown dives.  Entering the main seating area, you are surrounded by walls beautifully decorated on one side with huge paintings of vases with I believe swallows on them. On the other side, smaller pictures of various flowers hang from the walls, elegant and colorful. This is new style wait staff, who greet you courteously and warmly. Pre-show dinners can be tricky. I don't want to eat too much I'll be burping, order too much I have to smell like Chinese doggie bags all night because guilt trips over starving kids make me take leftovers, or order too little I will be too cranky to enjoy the show. I settled for the jelly fish appetizer and the vegetarian dumplings. The jelly fish was mixed with daikon, a clever way of stretching the jellyfish, and was crunchy and tasty, albeit a bit bland. I mixed it with the chili sauce and the sweet vinegary soy for my dumplings and amped up the tasty ratio. Used to the garlic in Cantonese cuisine, I sometime forget that the Shanghainese will risk being vampire bait, preferring to be kissable after dinner. Much better for my theater neighbors anyway. The vegetable dumplings were huge, perfectly shaped thin wrappers stuffed with a mixture of greens including napa, mustard and mushrooms. The taste was light and again, slightly bland perhaps because it wasn't heavily salted. The fresh taste of the veggies prevailed. Roll each dumpling in the chili oil, pour some sweet soy, and life is A-Okay again.  After your meal, you are served a portion of tong shui, a light and not overly sweet soup with small mochi. Portions are ample for the plates, as I observed from seeing what other diners ate. I was stuffed after the jelly fish and the dumplings. Shanghai You Garden is a place I would try again and order the noodles or the specials, like the braised eel.Note: Half of Flushing seems to want to eat here and the line is literally out the door. Come off hours or expect to wait a while.Also, if you are vegetarian, and you order more than $10($11?), you will automatically be graced with an order of complimentary pork soup dumplings. If no one from your group eats meat, let the staff know up front.  The  waiters seemed genuinely horrified that I didn't eat meat and didn't want their dumplings(which I can understand as diners seem to think they were excellent) and were terribly apologetic.  You won't even need the Yelp check in to get this though I don't know how long this will last.
Upgraded the rating because there's no longer crazy waits and it turns out that they AUTOMATICALLY give every table free soup dumplings with the order of $12 or more :D We ordered about $20 worth of food for two people and they also threw in free dessert again.
Each dumpling was more delicious than the next. Grab a few friends and go family style. Be prepared to wait. Get there early and get your name down
The food and service here was meh. Nothing to rave about but it was edible. I found the hype of the XL soup bun to be overrated as it was literally just a tiny bit of crab meat infused in broth (not even a flavorful soup which is why I called it a broth). After you used the straw to suck up the broth, there was no meat like normal soup buns and just a hollow bun left. Not worth the try. The food that was served wasn't really hot and the wait staff cleaned items only when you asked them to. I have definitely been to better Shanghainese restaurants.
We came here after the US Open last Sunday. Everything is superb. We had two orders of soup dumplings, one pork, one pork + crab meat. Amazing. Best dumplings of any kind I've ever had, particularly the pork ones. We also ordered the cold duck in soy sauce and the fish belly in brown sauce. Both dishes were excellent. They also provided us fermented gelatinous rice bowls for dessert on the house, which was a perfect ending. All in all, the best meal we had in NY last weekend.
Came here for dinner tonight. It was a fun experience! Their menu is in Chinese & English, but if you aren't familiar with Chinese dishes, it is hard to figure out. The server was nice enough to answer my many questions. Their scallion pancake beef roll was really good! The scallion pancake was kind of flaky and fried crisp. I originally came here for the XL XLB, and it was so cute! The soup itself is a bit fishy (?) as in it had a strong seafood flavor (does that make sense) but the bao part was good. Their prices are very cheap, we ordered 5 things and got an order of XLB for free, and the bill came out to $26.
This place is really convenient since it's only a short walk from the Main St subway stop. I honestly have enjoyed all the Shanghai style Chinese restaurants I've been to so far in either Chinatown or Flushing so it's tough to really compare them. One spot has a superior soup dumpling but subpar rice cakes or an awesome layout with friendly staff and another didn't. That all being said, the food is what matters most and this place has really good food. It's convenient and delicious. There was a 15 minute wait to be seated on Saturday at lunch which to me is always a good sign. Items I'd order again: Sliced Beef Scallion Pancake ($5-6), Pork & Vegetable Wontons in spicy oil ($4.95), and of course if you're into soup dumplings ($5.75). This was one of the soup dumplings that ripped more easily than others so be careful when you pick em up!
Terrible service. The waiters kept rushing us to finish and taking food away while we still eating and asking if we want to take it to go. We had a huge group of 11 and it hasn't been an hour yet but they already placed the bill on table. Would not be going back.
Our hotel, the Hyatt Place, is located about two and a half blocks from the You Garden Dumpling House.  The front desk staff recommended we try the You Garden, since we had already tried another restaurant for soup dumplings around the corner from them.Both were great restaurants.  What made us walk a few blocks more was the Yelp check-in offer for a free order of steamed pork buns (soup dumplings.)We were not disappointed.  Everything was excellent.  When we arrived, we were informed that there would be a 25 minute wait.  We were seated in line, inside, and were given a menu to look over while we waited.  As the patrons were called for their tables, we moved up in the seats.  Plus, our order was taken.  When we were seated our meals were immediately served.
The restaurant was quite busy on a late Sunday afternoon but got seated promptly for a party of 2.  The modern clean Asian decor with a relaxing ambiance was a pleasant surprise by Flushing standards.The menu hosts a large variety of selections and we opted for the spicy beef and tripe, shredded chicken with rice cake, scallion pancakes and their main event -  Xiao Long Bao.  It's as good as the best in the area.  All the dishes were delicious at a great price.  Will visit again.4/5 stars for the food,  minus points for the restrooms located right next to the storage area for the plates and utensils.  A redo is in order to round up the experience.
3 stars for food, 2 stars for service.  I first thought the waiter was mute taking my orders.  He was sarcastic and emotionless. Other waiters just dropped plates on table. Food was not bad but the service killed it.  Would I come back?  Nope. Plenty of good xlb places in NYC, no need to pay and get shitty service.
Wow. Excellent food. Most of the items we ordered was so on point and yummy. This was my first trip to Flushing​, NY. We ordered the pork xiaolongbaos buns (awesome pork soup dumplings) fungus ears, jellyfish (with radishes and other stuff- seriously so delicious), cucumber with garlic, shanghai eggrolls (so crispy and perfectly flavored), puffed green onion pancake (nice crispiness and seasoned with a bit salt), chicken with wine sauce (good flavor but tough meat), spicy beef and tripe (good flavor if you're into tripe), and for dessert a warm 8 ingredient rice with red bean paste and fermented rice sauce (perfect - not too sweet). The only items that I wasn't a huge fan of was the the chicken in wine sauce because even though the flavor was good, the white meat chicken was tough to eat. I guess we ordered too much for two people but we were starving!! No regrets overordering. I wish I ordered their fried croaker too. Looked super yummy. By all the flavors from the dishes we ordered, I'll bet that one was a winner, too. We gulfed most of the food down before I took pictures! Oops. I am definitely coming back.
I went there for 2ppl. We ordered crab meat steam bun, pork steam bun, beef tendon, deep fried fish and Shao Mai. Every dishes we ordered tasted great and portion was very good!
Can you say free Xiao Long Bao? I can and I was able to get a free tray of soup dumplings by ordering $20+ of food. I loved the beef pancakes and my salted bean curd dishes. I will be back to eat ALL the food!
My wife and I went for lunch twice and the better time is before 11:30 am EST (no wait), otherwise it'll be about 15-45 min wait.  Foods are great and price is very reasonable.  Service is super fast and good.  Really enjoy the experience!!
Came here on a weekday around 2pm and the place was packed. The wait was only less than 5 minutes. The place is new and clean. I don't know the name of the dishes we ordered as my parents did the ordering but I did provide pictures. Ill work on the names for them. Food was good and I would come back again. You get a complimentary order of soup dumplings when you order over $10.  There's only one bathroom but you can use the bathroom across the street at Corner 28.
4.5 starsWe showed up at 2pm for a quick lunch since I had an appt in a different area later on in the day. It was packed. I think some diners were sharing tables in the front? Only had to wait a few minutes and we got the same booth as last time. Pretty nice... we had so much space for just the 2 of us. They rushed to clear the table and even swept the floor as well before we sat down. Like I said the restaurant was completely full but that's great service. We received menus quickly and I told L to order whatever since I wanted to use the restroom. Only took less than a minute wait time and it was very clean inside. Have you seen the bathrooms in Chinatown??? I know some are complaining about only 1 restroom but seriously tons of places only have 1... I've never had to wait long at all. L ordered the crab meat pork buns, braised meat ball with crabmeat, bowl of rice and a Coke. We mentioned the free check in and our waiter was like yeah already knew about it.. was going to add it.. lolThe meatball and rice came after a few minutes. It was really hot. It's not something I'd choose, but it wasn't bad. It's like an Asian meatloaf in ball form. It was really soft and not too salty. Our xiao long baos came soon afterwards and wow.. they were really good. Even better than our first visit and better than the ones I've had in Chinatown. Better than Nan Xiang... really flavorful, plenty of soup. We did break 2 of the dumplings.. so sad, so the skin was pretty thin, but I guess it's just not very consistent.We were extremely full... L was actually planning on ordering more food in the beginning but we had dinner plans later on but we were full for the rest of the day and only needed a couple of snacks instead. None of the waiters rushed us and its great that they clear any sign of a empty plate really quickly. Every waiter or waitress we interacted with spoke English well enough. No issues whatsoever. Also L was the one who ordered and sometimes he might be a lil intimidated to order in a Chinese restaurant but clearly all the staff are able to communicate in English. I always come here for xiao long baos.. perhaps a noodle soup and one of their specials. Stick with those items and you'll have a nice meal.
We were going to Nan Xiang, and forgot that it was Saturday. The line to get in was long. Not that I'm impatient  (I am), but there are so many options in Flushing, so we moved on. And we found You Garden Dumpling House. So, we won't be going to that other place anymore, lol. The soup dumplings crushed it. The other dishes were extremely good (fried bean gluten appetizer was off the hook, and I'm picky about my fried bean gluten). And the check was under $20. This place is a find. Maybe I shouldn't be writing this. My first instinct was to not tell anyone about it, so I don't see a line out front next time.
Definitely coming back! Dare I saw it's better than Joe's?! Came here on a Saturday evening at 6:30pm and waited 20 minutes but the host was very gracious. He kindly sat us in a large booth up front because we had a baby. Service there was quite professional. They offered a booster seat, food arrived timely, waiter was polite and other waiters checked on us. Plus it's clean and modern.Food:- pork soup dumplings (morsels of savory happiness)- scallion pancakes (flaky and delicious)- pan fried pork buns (pillowy bun with juicy pork center)- rice cake with shredded pork The portions are solid and there was a promotion on the soup dumplings - buy one get one free. Which is insane but we'll take it!At the end of the meal, they give you a complimentary sweet soup, it's usually red bean but this had bits of mochi and was the best "sweet soup" I've ever had.Definitely coming back!
The food is just ok, as a native I think this is pretty average but you can't beat the price. Don't really have any complaint, it was packed when we went to have brunch on a Sunday, as expected. Our food came out pretty fast because the waiter had asked us what to order beforehand. A plus side is they gave us free soup dumpling, not sure if it was a promo or but it was good. I wasn't thrilled when they put the check before I had asked but since it was really busy around that time so I let it go. The location is right across from LIRR entrance/exit on 40rd. Overall, it would be a nice first time shanghai food tryout.
This place definitely lives up to its reputation! We got the pan fried pork buns, sautéed snow pea shoots, rice cake with shredded chicken, sweet soy bean curd, salted soy bean curd, fried crispy dough, and scallion pancakes. All PHENOMENAL, and very reasonably priced. The fried pork buns were particularly good. So much more we wanted to try on the menu, but not enough room in our bellies. Will definitely be back!
my first time out to flushing queens for Asian food and this place was great! I saw its high stars and "hot and new" label and opted to call ahead for a reservation - called about 30-40 mins before arriving. we arrived later than the time we gave (parking is a struggle - street or parking garage$) and when we entered the restaurant at 8pm it was packed - the hostess was very friendly and honored our reservation, within ten minutes our party of 2 was seated. food was great. soup dumplings (savory and juicy), pork dumplings, chicken mushroom fried noodles, tofu appetizer (class shanghainese dish - love it) and cold soy milk (very refreshing) AND rice wine sweet soup balls on the house for dessert! Because they need to get people in and out as fast as possible it's definitely a eat and leave place. Loved every bite - filled my Asian cravings.
amazing！As a shanghainess, I've been surprised by the taste of the food, even better than some of you could get in Shanghai!葱油饼 豆沙酥 大推荐！咸豆花$1.5 真的是好吃便宜大份还有肉松和紫菜简直感动哭了！来不及尝其他好吃的，下次再去！
Came here with two friends for dinner on a weeknight. It's a crowded little restaurant with awfully bright flouresant lighting. It's like a dentist office how bright it is inside. The food was mediocre to bad - ribs, shumai, soup dumplings, Shanghai noodles, stirfry chicken. Water cup also had a smudge of black grime near the rim (gross!). At some point there was a whiff of sewage/garbage odor that lasted across the tables for an hour. Hoping it wasn't from the kitchen, but none of us could tell where else the smell was coming from! Giving this restaurant the benefit of the doubt is hard. I recommend the many other dinner spots for better food!
Super delicious soup dumplings! And their sweet tofu dessert ("to fu fa") is out of this world.
My new real Shanghainese restaurant  this place definitely blows nanxing out the water with the traditional selection that they have. Their food is super good and it feels as if I'm back in Shanghai. I got 3 baskets of soup dumplings, 1 giant soup dumpling, 2 bowls of soy bean milk, fried dough, chicken, gluten, shu mai, and sheng jian bao. All that only came out to 45! Food came out super fast and the waitresses were super nice. Overall an amazing experience. Will be keep coming back
Oh those dumplings!  I love this place!Great staff and great food!
Solid soup dumplings here. They always throw in a free order too which is a plus. My favorite dish is the fried buns! Go early as there's usually a wait.
I have been waiting for their giant Xlb for over 20 min for take out. What the hell!! I am still waiting for just ONE steam soup dumpling? I don't care how it taste, it just won't worth my time.
The initial impression was nothing unexpected. This has been a pretty popular place ever since it opened so it was bound to be crowded. It was a busy Friday morning so the wait for a table was about 20-30 mins. After being seated, you notice the environment as it has an authentic Chinese traditional touch to it. Luckily we were able to place our order in while we were still waiting for a table to minimize more downtime. We ordered a few things on the menu but of course had to get the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were great especially the fact that they give you an extra order for free. I would say it's up to par with the other soup dumplings joints. We also wanted to see what all the hype was about regarding the enormous soup dumpling. Full warning: it's extremely underwhelming. They give you a straw to poke a hole in and drink out of it. It's literally all soup and it didn't taste that great. I'd suggest sticking to the other stuff on the menu. Btw bring cash. They don't accept card.  Overall:Food: GreatPrice: Fairly priced/competitive Service: Decent
I heard of this restaurant through the Asian Kitchen series on Youtube. I was intrigued by the idea of drinking the soup out of a huge soup dumpling with a straw. I didn't end up ordering this, as I heard about the complimentary Xiao Long Bao with all orders above $10. While the Xiao Long Bao was ok, all the other dishes I had were rather underwheming. I tried:- Chives and egg-stuffed pancake.- Pea-shoots dumpling- A steamed vegetarian dumpling (with mushrooms, pea shoots, and chives, I think)- Shanghai-style mooncakes (stuffed with pork)- A green colored mochi that was dyed with spinach and filled with sweet red bean paste- Drunken chicken- Fried potstickersThe fried potstickers tasted quite ordinary. Some of the skins were broken, and they were barely pan-fried. At A Taste of Shanghai (another restaurant nearby), they make an EXTRAORINARY fried potsticker, which is filled with soup! They manage to fry the bottom to a well-browned crisp without breaking the skin (which would cause the soup to spill out). That's skill! Shanghai You Garden's potstickers, on the other hand, were rather poorly executed.The drunken chicken was tasty, as a good quality chicken was used, and I liked the heavy Shaoxing wine flavor. The pea-shoots dumpling looks very pretty, but is rather bland. It's stuffed mostly with pea-shoots and underseasoned. The same can be said about the other vegetarian dumpling. I do appreciate vegetarian dumplings, but I've definitely had better. The chives and egg-stuffed pancake was ok, but the crispiness came mostly from frying rather than the pastry being extraordinarily flaky. The Shanghai mooncake is a flaky-pastry wrapped around pork and preserved vegetables. Tasty, but not extraordinary. Same with the green mochi.
As for XLB goes, this place is better then most. i use to go to kung fu xlb on prince street as my go to but there's always a wait and service feels a bit rushed there.  they have a deal going on where you buy 2 trays of soup dumplings, get the 3rd one free and this per table by the way. it's really roomie and luckily the two times i've been there i didn't have to wait. avoid rush hours cause the wait can be out the door. the giant soup dumplings was interesting but not my cup a tea. i had the expectation that there would be some sort of meaty filling like the regular size dumplings but it was all soup. good to try if you haven't had one before.
Very good xiaoliangbao. The wait can be long. The food is a very good deal overall. Place is a little small and crowded but taste makes up for it. Nice service.
minus 1 star for being cash only and if I would have know they didn't accept Credit Cards, I would have gone somewhere else. over all the food was outstanding.  the dumpling were super flavorful and the buy 2 and get one free deal made them taste even better.  Even though the Special Spare Ribs w. Garlic Sauce looked great, but I wasn't a fan of the taste.  The Sauteed Snow Peas were amazing even better than the dumplings.  The service was good, but not amazing.  overall, I recommend this You Garden.
Good food, good location. Love the buns and dumplings. Good price and lovely interior, it shows Chinese traditional culture in here.
The best soup dumplings I've had in New York. This place serves authentic shanghai cuisine. Delicious food and great service! I will definitely be returning!
Couple months ago, a few of my friends asked me if I eve tried the soup dumpling. The idea made no sense to me. Like... do you mean, dumpling soup? Like theres dumplings in the soup? yeah. But the friends go, "no dude, soup dumpling."... I couldn't comprehend because my friends just suck at describing stuff, until I got there.It really was a soup dumpling. Like, soup in a dumpling, instead of pork and stuff and such. Try them! I was amazed by their soup dumpling, and tried to find other spots as great as this place, but kinda failed. I come here every now and then if I feel like getting some of that SOUP DUMPLING!Yeah yo. Cool place. But like, some things are just not exactly perfect - like they take 5 years to get our drinks, get tables, ... not too clean tables ... waiters bumping into me while passing by without apology...But the food makes up for it I guess. lol
Soup dumplings are my favorite foods. The price is reasonable and the food was so good.I love the soybean sauce. It was delicious.
All I say is this place is cheap and good for its price when it is not crowded.If it it crowded, stay away from it cuz u will have to wait a long time.But other than that, only thing to complain is the waiters will ask for tips, I used to give 10-12%  and some of them insist on 15%, you aint got great service why should I give you that much...
This used to be my go to place for soup dumplings in Flushing but my previous 2 times here have just a turnoff. Today I came here around noontime and as expected there was a wait. As we waited to be seated, the girls took our order. We placed an order of pan fried pork buns to go with our dining in order so everything is in 1 order and there shouldn't be any excuses later saying the buns arent ready by the time we finish eating. We eat for about 40 mins, and the waiter hands over our check eveb though we clearly arent done eating. Meanwhile, we still have gotten our to go order yet. I pay the check and ask him where the to go order is, to which he says he'll bring it out. He gets me the change for the bill and has yet to bring out my to go order which I already placed in the beginning and now the bill is already paid for. Then he has the audacity to ask us to wait outside for the buns. I guess since they already got paid, there's no rush in giving us our order. We compile and wait in the front. By now its been 15 mins since we left the table and have been sitting in the front and no one has given us our to go order which we already paid for. On top of that, the waiter has an attitude when we asked about the status. If you didn't want to give us our order then refund us which they also didn't want to do. We had to speak to the lady manager who finally gave us our order. I seriously don't understand the issue. The order was placed an hour ago in the same dine in order and yet we still had to wait until after we were done eating. It's not like we added the order after we finished eating. And the attitude was unnecessary when it is clearly the restaurant's fault. Will definitely not be back. There are other soup dumpling places in Flushing.
Great soup dumplings and fantastic service. The soy bean milk is very good also and every dish I've tried so far is great. Prices are on the steep side but you get what you pay for here.
Great food....amazing dumpling....service was fantastic....can't say enough good things about it
This place definitely serves some bomb soup dumplings. I went here with some friends. We ordered some dishes and were told that with any 15 dollar purchase we get a free soup dumpling. The dishes were amazing and the prices were better than fair. Although it can be loud and a little cramp I didnt mind it at all!
I find it odd that the manager commented on my review saying it is as an "odd complaint". A hygiene concerns should not be an "odd complaint". If I see it happen again next time, I'll take a picture to show your establishment.....but ohh wait... I will not be coming back here again. Food is decent so the review will stand as 2 stars but in terms of service, its 0 stars.  Please note, there are many good Asian/Chinese cuisines in Flushing, there are options. 7/13/2017  Previous review Service here is not great and a bit disgusting. I came here to eat with a friend and I noticed some unsanitary conditions that kept occurring. I came here around Spring during the time of an allergy season and this waiter kept sneezing and rubbing his nose. Then this waiter proceeds to pick his nose in front of customers then he would take plates to tables with his nose picking finger in their dish. This repeated for at least 6 dishes. I couldn't believe his fellow waiters or the other staff members didn't tell this waiter to stop picking his nose and go wash his hands before he goes deliver dishes to tables. This literally grossed me out and I will not be returning anymore. The waiter was fairly young, perhaps around his 20's. Beware if you see him delivering your dishes.
I have not been back in Flushing for many years. Flushing always my go to place for food.I ordered soup bun yesterday from this place. A total knock out. I want to clarify this. The soup bun I am talking about is xiao long bao, not the $2.99 individual bun with soup in there which is is sucks. For soup bun, this place is way better than Joe's Shanghai.I will give 4 stars for now. I want to go back and try other dishes. 1 day.
We ordered a few orders of scallion pancakes, soup dumplings and shanghai fried noodles. The soup dumplings were mediocre and nothing to rave about. The scallion pancakes were bland and mostly dough with specks of scallions. The shanghai noodles were bland and tasteless. I wont be dining here again as there are much better options around flushing for Shanghai food. This place is overrated and I dont get all the positive reviews.
if you've had nan xiang, you've pretty much eaten here.  i hear the owner is the same chef as that of nan xiang.  the food almost tastes exactly the same but you garden has a larger menu and wider selection of dumplings.the buy 1 get 1 soup dumplings make this place a great bargain.
They give you a free Xiaolong bao when your order reaches $10, however, the food... I think they use way tooooo much MSG, I kind of got food poisoning after eating there. I was extremely thirsty and my Tongue felt numb for two days... never coming back
I ordered :1. Chicken ginseng soup- good ginseng flavor2. Two crab soup dimpling - thin skin with flavorful meat and soup3. Beef noodle soup with green peppers- very good4.  Sweet soft tofu- tofu was silky smooth with just enough honey for sweetness We actually ordered one order of crab soup dumplings but they gave us the second for free as a promotion.  We also got rice wine sweet soup with mochi for free too. I loved everything I ordered. This is going to be the new frequent spot for me to go to for soup dumplings.
Awesome food at very reasonable prices. Just gets very crowded and not enough seating.
I was looking forward to try this dumpling place as they serve many dishes I had in Shanghai, China in the past. I wanted to get that authentic taste again from Shanghainese cuisine.Restaurant located on 40th road in Flushing. Smelly, narrow, road with lots of traffic. Decoration of the restaurant is fairly new and bright. Wait wasn't long for party of 5. Booth was comfortable.We ordered a good mix of dishes. All fairly oily but with very good taste.
If you spend $10 and more, you get a FREE order of 6 steamed pork buns. How awesome is that! I came here more than 3 times already, which is pretty impressive considering the xiao long bao competition in flushing. Wait is usually 10-20 minutes in the afternoon. Price ranges from $14 (for three dishes) to $50 (serving 6 people) which gives this place another plus! Their crispy scallion pancake is just as good as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, but the best is their Hot Sweet Soy Bean which gives off the strong flavor of soy bean. I also recommend their Braised Fish Belly in Brown Sauce. I do not recommend their Rice Cakes with vegetables because it is a bit bland. I would certainly prefer this place over dimsum (although their black tea taste like water).
Note : if u order siomay u have to know the siumai is not like regular other dimsum place but the siumai is more look like "lo mak kai" sticky rice wrap in wonton skin personally i dont like it at all ( based on me) The rest of the food that we ordered is just ok nothing special but the price is a bit pricey
Love this place! The food is good and the price is cheap. Usually order the typical soup dumplings plus other stuff. This time we ordered their viral hit the giant soup dumplings. Well... it literally was just a giant dumpling with soup inside with NO MEAT! Other than that, their food has been consistent and yummy
I seldom gave five stars, but this place has the best Shanghainese place I can find in NYC. Have been here twice and tried dim sum and several cold or hot dishes. Overall the dishes I had were above average, and some were even amazing. Highly recommend pork belly and soup dumplings. It also has some traditional Shanghai dim sum, like meat mooncake and Qing Tuan. Will try these next time.
Shanghai You provides a true delicacy! The soup dumplings were splendid. I couldn't stop eating! I thoroughly enjoyed their Sweet and Sour Pine cone Fish, it had a perfect balance. The staff were working hard and I can't wait for my next visit.
We only had the soup dumplings and the crab and pork ones were amazing. They had very nice and attentive staff which is relatively unusual for flushing and the fact that you get an order of soup dumplings for free is also pretty sweet. Their soup dumplings are just a touch bigger than the ones from Nan Xian.
Needed to find a place in Flushing with the right price or clean, quick, and delicious food. For $22.54 the two of us ate like kings! Fresh ginger tea, 12 soup dumplings (thanks Yelp), scallion pancake, Udon noodle dish with pork and baby bok choy, cucumber and garlic sauce. This is a good place to bring a group or those new to Flushing. Impressive decor and friendly staff. Most important CASH ONLY! Loved this! I'll be back :)
I have to say this is the best shanghainese restaurant in N.Y.  amazing soup dumpling and appetizer but horrible customer services especially the short hair waitress really nasty attitude
Good substitute if you're tied of Nanxiang. Cheaper since they gave you free buns when you order one. Down side is most of the dishes are too oily.
The soup dumplings were good. The regular ones weren't any better than nan xian. The crab soup dumplings had more flavor than nan xian though. As for the other dishes we tried. Everything was on the sweet side. We had the following:-Cucumber and garlic: Good but like I said sweet.-Spicy Beef and Tripe: Best of the cold dishes we ordered. -Spicy Bamboo Shoots: Good. Wasn't very spicy for those who are afraid. Also on the sweet side. -Scallion Pancake w Beef Slice: We ordered but it never came. We didn't realize it until we were home. Hopefully we weren't charged. -Noodle with Scallion Sauce: Yummy. It was a good break from all the sweet flavors. I think it's just soy sauce and some sesame oil mixed with fried scallions and dried shrimp. -Grandma style braised pork: Good but sweet.-Don't remember the name of the dish but it was fried fish covered with a ketchup sauce and pine nuts. Also sweet. Lol-Stinky Tofu: Stinky indeed. We got it because we thought my sister in law liked it. I had stinky tofu in Taiwan and Hong Kong and enjoyed it so I thought hey, why not. It was super stinky! Couldn't eat more than one but maybe you'll like it. :)Service was okay.
This is a nice looking place with lovely people in the front making dumplings that are quite good.   The rest of the food is very disappointing.
Food was excellent.  Service was excellent and the place was big enough where we weren't sitting on top of each other!
That was a good Soup dumpling, The review was right better than Nan Xiang , and the cooking of the rice cake was absolutely the best ,no one could beat it, so i'll be back .6/24/16 soup dumpling too salty , pork chop with noodles no good The Porkchop was no good at all, I think they change chef already , not going back any more !
Soup dumplings were excellent and authentic. We've visited YuYuan Garden in Shanghai and the food here was as good as any we had in China. Staff is delightful.
The soup dumplings were good, but joe's shanghai   is still a better option in the area.
I hardly like to one-star places, but this restaurant gets on my nerves. I came here with a large party of 10+ and was actually pretty excited to try the soup dumplings. The waiter that helped us was very strange. He did not came around to me and ask what I wanted or what my cousin wanted on the menu. I was flipping through the menu and decided that I was going to get some stir fried noodles, but the waiter did not even acknowledge me. Very rude. Thank god my mom helped me order this big soup dumpling otherwise I would starve..at a restaurant LOL. Although the presentation is NICE..it was NOT good. There is only soup inside, and the soup taste literally like salted water. I tried my best to want to like it..but sadly I couldn't. Besides that, the whole time I can sense all the waiters and waitresses eyeing us, and we felt like they were trying to rush us out asap. I did not feel welcome here so this would obviously be my last time here.
I was there yesterday with my parents for my birthday. It was my second time dining there and it did not disappoint! This is my favorite Chinese food spot! I'm usually not a big fan of restaurants in Flushing as most of them are loud and dirty, and wait staff are either rude or don't speak English. You Garden is clean, and staff are efficient and attentive. Best of all, the food is to die for! We had pork soup dumplings, vegetable steamed dumplings, croaked fish, steamed chicken, duck soup and sautéed eel e everything was absolutely delicious and cheap! I told my friends who wouldn't otherwise come to Queens for a meal that they must come here to experience authentic Chinese/Shanghainese food! Will definitely be back again!
I came here to try their soup dumplings for free, but it turned out that they require you to spend at least $10 to have a free one. This contradicts with what is on Yelp: "check-in" to revive a free one. Seriously, if you are not willing to give away, just don't put this offer on Yelp. I order the soup dumplings, three of them were ruptured due to the fact that five dumplings were stick together.   shredded gingers were presented in uneven sizes and were not as thin as those in NanXiang Dumpling House. With this similar price, I can go somewhere else for a better quality.
We've come here 3x already.  Excellent Xiao Long Bao.  Buy one get one free....cannot beat that.  Nice thin skin with piping hot soupy filling.  Staff is friendly and the best part is, the tables/seats are nice and roomy and you are not crammed on top of others (like what they do at Nan Xiang Dumpling House).  We're so happy we found another location with these soup dumplings that equal the quality and taste of Joe's Shanghai.
We were here on Saturday for lunch. A long lines for waiting.  The waiter took our order while we were waiting.  I don't need to show my yelp free dumpling and the waiter knows and get me a free soup dumpling.  Food was good.  The soup dumplings were great very hot and I like their app.  Overall it was a great meal.  Service was good.  Just need to be patience for waiting.
My husband and I love this restaurant.  The food is delicious and service is pretty good.  Lots of waitstaff.  Their process is also pretty organized when they are super busy.  They take your order while you wait for a table and queue you up.  By the the time you get a table food starts arriving.   If you order over $10 you get a free order of pork dumplings.  Pretty cool.  I have been back several times already!
I have been here twice. The quality of the food is fresh. The noodles with pork barely had any pork in the dish. The eel in hot oil is plentiful and tastes great. The soup dumplings are great and the fried dumplings were worth the 15 minute wait!
really cheap but i had to wait in line. sooo many people.its really cheap but food actually taste rly rly good. especially the dumplimgs
The dumplings are good, but stay the fuck away from anything chicken on their menu. Cause they serve it undercooked with its damn wings still flappin'. It will leave you with a shitty week of food poisoning that won't let you shit solid for the next month. Not to mention, rude customer service, shitty ambience and a floor plan that makes no sense.I'd suggest you save yourself the suffering and stick to going to Nan Xiang.
I had a very bad experience with this restaurant today. I ordered the soup dumpling as my lunch. When I opened it, I saw a MOSQUITO right on the dumpling.... Unbelievable. I called the restaurant and told them what happened. They transferred me to their restaurant manager. The manager apologized to me and told me I shall discard the dumplings right away and they will deliver a new and good one to me in 15 mins...I waited about ONE hour!!! OTHER THAN THAT, The food is COLD...If you can, avoid this restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great dumplings, priced very good! My go to spit! Try the pork belly! Yum yum! Their home made sauce is amazing. But you have to ask them for it!
Food was super yummy and well-priced! The soup dumplings were very flavorful. I highly recommend the tendon appetizer dish because it was light and tasty.
I love the fried dumplings, wonton soup, beef with peppers, and Shanghai noodles here! Always cooked to perfection!
SUPER YUMMY!!!!my bf and i came here on a friday afternoon.we ordered crab soup dumplings, preserved veggies and noodles, rice cake, shanghainese mini buns and tofu with salted egg and shrimp then cold dishes from up front.crab soup dumplings- YUMMY!!! lots of crab that you can visually see and SO juicy and they're large.and they give a free order or their regular soup dumplings so its like 2 for 1. preserved veggies/pork with noodles- soup itself was AMAZING. NOT too salty. LARGE portionrice cake - amazing wok flavor. my bf loved it. they dont skimp on the veggies and meatshanghainese mini buns- very juicy and large. there were 6 in an order. tofu w/ salted egg and shrimp- OMG SO GOOD. WOULD DEF AGAIN. they used the japanese egg tofu, the saucefor the dish was basically a salted egg sauce (but not too salty) and there were peas with a good number of decently large shrimp. cold dishes: beef tendons were eh, wouldnt get it againwine chicken- bf liked it a lot , it did have good flavortofu with mushrooms- FAV DISH HERE. great marinated flavor jelly fish- not that great. iddnt have much flavor to it.overall, i will be back.
One of my favorite go-to place! Love it. The soup dumplings are very tasty, instead of the dumpling with full soup, specially for the crab dumping, super delicious! The price is reasonable, the staff are nice, and the place is clean! It's always busy in Shanghai You Garden.
Wow!  XLB with a yelp coupon of an extra tray if you spend more than $10.  The service is quick and the place is clean.  On this street, that says a lot.  The decor is modern.  Expect crowds during rush periods.  Don't be stupid and come in expecting to be able to seat large groups easily.  Plan on at least 2 trays of XLB per person.  Haven't had a chance to try other food here yet but I'm looking forward to it.
Had a great experience here.  Amazing food and great service.In terms of the service, I want to add that my dining companion and I ordered some items that we didn't quite know how to eat and the service staff was very helpful and gracious in instructing us.
Went with friends. It's a pretty diverse group, English-only guys, vegetarian, and carnivore. I was initially concerned about it, because I wasn't sure they would be able to meet all our needs, but they did a great job. We did have a reservation, but still, we waited a solid 25 min just to get a table. They won't let you start your waiting sequence until EVERYONE in your party is present. So if one person is late, you can't go in. But they have a guy taking orders outside, so when you are seated, your food is cooked or almost cooked. They have a very large selection of food, and you can find just about anything from breakfast to dinner. Their portions are big enough for a group of 4 sharing. So it's worth the price. Service was ok, but I am sure it's due to the large amount of people in there. If they can have a better system to let people in, and not worried about one person not present, I would give them a 5 star.
My friend told me about this place and we had dinner there the other day. Very nice place. Service was surprisingly friendly which is rare in Flushing. They have a check-in offer for the soup dumplings, but at the restaurant they tell you about it so you don't have to check in. It's $10 minimum order to get the free dumplings which is easy peasy. We ordered the cucumber app, fried pork & chives bun, crispy noodle with seafood & meat, plus the free dumplings. It was a lot of food for two people and we had leftovers. Everything was very good. Soup dumplings were pretty awesome. There was even free dessert (tong shui aka Chinese sweet soup) at the end. Definitely recommend this place, and will come again with family.
Best soup dumpling hands down! This place serves authentic Shanghai cuisine. Nice interior. Decent price. Will return!
I came here for lunch during weekday, couldn't believe that the restaurant was full of customers.Ordered: Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Steamed Veg Dumplings, Chicken in Wine Sauce, Fried Bean Gluten, Rice Cake w/Shredded Pork and Deep Fried Yellow Croaker w/Dried Seaweed. We received FREE Steamed Pork Buns!!!I personally love Bean Gluten and Croaker dishes. The bean gluten was not in oily, the favor was rich. Croakers were in fillet, no bone, good for elderly and kid. However, crab meat buns' taste weren't strong. I preferred many crab roe in a bun.Overall, it is recommended to try this restaurant. The best is dishes are not in strong MSG.
I feel this place is the best shanghai food in NYC. The food is even more authentic than some restaurants in shanghai. Highly recommend to go!
Was there for Mother's Day 2016. Crowded as could be. I was one of the very few White Americans there [my wife is Chinese]. I wanted to leave and the Man in Charge came over and spoke English to me and said to please wait a few more minutes. I laughed and asked what is a few minutes, he replied "about 10". I said okay and sure enough it wasn't more than 10 minutes he showed us to out table. The food was excellent. Noisy place but that's Flushing.
My family and I came here after passing by the restaurant. We always see them busy and decided to try it. There is very little parking on the block where the restaurant is located. When we arrived there was a slight wait but the wait was worth it. We got an assortment of noodles and plenty of soup dumplings. The noodles were hot and delicious. The soup dumplings were flavorful. All the food was at a great price, the waiter suggested that I get the personal soup dumpling that comes with a straw. The dumpling was ok it had fish in the middle. Overall I would suggest you garden.The food was great the waiter were accommodating and helpful.
We went to Flushing to see what their dumplings were like compared to NYC Chinatown. We picked the second placed Shanghai You Garden.It's on a small side street parallel to LIRR station and up block from the Mall. Easy to pass and when you enter we weren't sure to go upstairs or to make a left. Make a left through the glass door into narrow yet modern restaurant. Try using a GPS, but then it may interfere with the navigation systems of the noisy jumbo jets flying over your head. Stick with the address.. but what is with these "-" in the address? threw my GPS for a loop.We arrived just before 5pm expecting to see the hordes but we were seated immediately, BUT while were seated and after dinner the place was mobbed with a huge wait. Not good for groups unless you can make advanced reservations.. not sure you can. Mostly two and four person tables here.This place is all about the Shanghai dumpling.. and of course with other items on menu. The prices are great compared to what other restaurants are charging in the same hood. Six soup dumplings for $3.95.. that is incredible for a restaurant price (other dumplings started at $6.95 or so which included shrimp and or crabmeat).We ordered Shui Mai, pork dumplings and an udon noodle dish with beef. We would have also ordered the fried dumplings but the waiter told us it would take 10 - 15 minutes. What? Must not be a popular item there so we passed on it. The shui Mai is nothing like we've ever seen nor had before. Mostly sweet or stick rice (small grains) with minced pork. We thought this was dry with pork over cooked (burned). It was not very tasty and too much dry tasting rice. We won't order this again. For all we know it could have been used as mortar to hold bricks together.Now, the dumplings.. soupy as promised. Tasty, but NYC Chinatown has got these beat. Nevertheless they were tasty and what it should be. What put us into cardiac arrest was we ordered three dishes we got four. We thought they gave us something we did not order so I called the waiter over to make sure we weren't too hungry when we ordered and went over the top. To our amazement he said something about the second set of dumplings (6 per set) was free because of our order. Now he said that either in Chinese or mumbled. For this reason I have no clue why it was for free but I learned never question a gift horse.The Udon with beef was extremely tasty. The beef (shredded) and noodles took on the same flavor. This was the best of everything we had. I've had better noodles in China but the sauce and beef really made up for the noodle not being spectacular.You get lots for a great price. Food is better than okay (except Shui Mai), service is in abundance. Oddly, it seemed there was one waiter/waitress for every table but you still had to call them over if you needed something.Typical of low budget Asian restaurants, their restrooms need some TLC and lots of air freshener.. I mean lots. Perhaps they may want to hire the Tidy Bowl Man to give them a freshening up every few hours.I can see why they were packed. It's like going to a all you can eat and stuffing yourself until the waiter asks if you care for a dinner mint and then just wait for you to explode.If you're looking for dumplings in Flushing you can't go wrong with this little spot, but I have yet to explore the other dumpling houses there to compare. So until then...Bon Appetite!
Did I just got in in a bad day? The soup dumpling skin was thick. And the remaining dishes tasted the same. M...S...G... Be prepared to drink 5 gallons of water after the meal
This establishment has very high reviews and that might've been the reason why I was expecting more from it. I have to say that the inside of the restaurant is decorated very nicely for a place that's located in the heart of Flushing. There was also a good amount of seats for customers who have to wait a bit for a table (If you're unfamiliar with restaurants in Flushing, most of them require you to stand there awkwardly in front of people who are eating inches away from you when you wait for a table). It was a full house today around 1pm but the wait for a table for two people didn't take more than 10 minutes or so. We ordered the steamed crab meat pork buns, beef and chili pepper noodle soup, scallion pancakes and got the steamed pork buns for free with the yelp deal (The offer is only valid for dine-in orders of $10 or more). Both types of pork buns were good, very flavorful but I found that the crab meat pork buns punctured very easily as I tried to lift them up out of the tray causing the soup to leak out before it made it to my spoon (so sad...). The beef and chili pepper noodle soup was probably my favorite dish. It's definitely better than the one I've tried at Nan Xiang but I wish it had more beef...and peppers lol. The scallion pancakes would've been perfect if the bottom three pieces weren't overly fried :( I did appreciate how it seemed less oily than most of the other ones I've tried at other restaurants. Needless to say, I was a little disappointed but being part Shanghainese, I have very high expectations of restaurants that advertise themselves to specialize in these dishes. Another thing I didn't really like was how the steamed pork buns were just placed on the counter after they were ready to be brought out to the tables. The counter is pretty much located in the area that people need to walk past in order to come in and leave. There's nothing wrong with that if it's taken right away. But if it's left there for a few minutes, and you have all these customers just walking back and forth, is that even sanitary? A divider would definitely help.I would probably still come back again to try the other dishes. I saw people at other tables order some chicken dish, which looked yummy. Maybe that would be something better to try out.
My new favorite soup dumpling spot. My mom and I are regulars here during our weekly lunch dates. There's a lot of competition in flushing with all the new trendy restaurants popping up every other day, but this place is legit. The most important component of a shanghainese restaurant is how well they make their xlb, and their's are on point. The skin is thin, but not too thin that it rips when you attempt to pick it up. The broth inside is rich, porky, and not too oily or salty like some other places are. I've never had a soup dumpling that didn't have a spoon full of soup. Nothing is more disappointing than opening that bamboo lid to discover some of your dumplings are deflated and soupless. The best part? If you spend more than $10 there, your xlb are FREE! My other regular items I order are the turnip puff. Flaky pastry filled with shredded turnip. My fave! The pan fried pork buns are also some of the best I've had since my visit to shanghai. The decor is also very welcoming and clean. For the two of us, our bill usually comes out to $20 at most. So worth it! I almost don't want to give a good review because there's always a wait, but good food is good food.
Great location to get a quick, cheap XLB meal. They offer free streamed pork buns by showing the Yelp coupon, which is already a great reason to visit. We ordered the fried pork buns and the fried pork ribs with gravy. All of the dishes were great but I especially liked the ribs (5/5). The fried buns had a bit too much breading but the flavor is solid (3.5/5). The free steamed pork buns aka pork XLB is solid with thin skin, good broth and delicious meat. My only complaint was that they overdid it with the ginger in the filling and it covered up the wonderful flavor of the broth (4/5). The place is affordable and a great addition to Flushing.
im quite a fan of this place. sure, the soup dumplings arent as great as joes shanghai, but the other foods including breakfast, the soy milk, and dim sum foods are really good. also - one order of pork soup dumplings is always free!! my dad loves coming here solely for the free soup dumplings...i would also recommend the scallion pancakes and rice cakes. overall, the food here is solid. **** the one complaint i have is the last time i went, they forgot our pan fried pork buns until after we asked for the check. instead of comping it for us, they insisted we just pay for it and take it to go. my parents were cool with it, however, the manager should make it clear to the staff that customers shouldnt be forced to take things to go merely because the waiters forgot to bring us the food in time. ***
A clean and pleasant Chinese restaurant with authentic Shanghai small dishes at attractive price in Flushing Chinatown. It is now not as crowded as when it was opened. They still generously offer complimentary steamed xiaolongbao and sweet soup as dessert, both are transitional in Shanghai. Service were good. Be aware it is cash only just as any New York authentic restaurants.
Once again very delicious food ;) No complain at all!!!So I ordered a lot takeout and catch a plane back to Charlotte. Awesome food delivery :) will do it again.
Eight treasures in hot sauce is too salty，dont try.shanghai special chicken was overdone.
Killer dim sum for the lover of soup dumplings
I've been going to Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing for years. FINALLY I've found a SUPERIOR SOUP DUMPLING at Shanghai You Garden! The food is fresher, lighter, and more finely crafted. Also the scallion pancakes are fried to crisp perfection, not over-fried like they do at Nan Xiang.
Really bad service. Push back and forth. If they have zero star I would. Just want to behave customer arrange whatever they like and don't listen what customer want.
Was happy to find this place on Yelp. Had the complimentary soup dumplings when you check in through Yelp. Ordered the porkchop noodle soup. The pork was very tender. Had the shrimp dumplings too and it was plump and made fresh. Also had the scallion beef pancakes and the Shanghai udon. The place is clean, the seating is comfortable and service is prompt. Would definitley go back and bring my friends and family.
This place has taken my #1 spot for soup dumplings! The skin is soooooo thin and the inside is so juicy . $5.95 for 6 buns, free on the house if you order $10 worth of food. We also ordered the braised deep fried pig hoof that was melt-in-your-mouth tender as well as a chicken pan fried noodle that tasted pretty typical. Prices are cheap and reasonable. Service was mediocre. Staff could be friendlier. I could definitely overlook that to come back for some yummy noms!
My friends love the place so much. It's like $34 for three of us. We love eating here. The Buns are different from Nanxiang (I personally prefer the Nanxiang ones),and the 上海粗面 is better here than Nanxiang's.
This place was very good. Best Shanghai buns I have had. I had both the crab and pork ones and the soup from them was very tasty and savoury. I will be coming back. The restaurant itself was very clean and decorated beautifully. It has Asian paintings all over the place and there is ample seating. In the end I was gifted a soup in which I don't exactly know the name of but it contained eggs rice and doughy bits that were very chewy. It was sweet but a nice finisher to my meal. They also have an opening promo where they give you a free order of shanghai buns. To sum up my review:Shanghai buns are amazingDecorated beautifullyAmple seating Nice and cleanOpening promoI will come back again!
Clean airy and bright, no unwanted smell, their speciality a are the soup dumplings - I par with Joe Shanghai
Thumbs up!! Went here for dinner earlier tonight. There was a bit of a wait for a table of 5, but I don't think we waited longer than 10-15 minutes. The waitress was super nice and took our order while we waited. She even gave us the free order of steamed soup dumplings without us mentioning about the Yelp deal! Once we sat down at our table, our food came immediately so that was a plus since we were in a bit of rush. I felt that the noodle portions were pretty big too. Food was very good! We had the Shanghai udon, rice cakes with chicken, 2 orders of soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with and without beef, fried buns and tofu. Great food and great company we will definitely be back.
In soft opening. This replaced the $5 box lunch space. Operated by the owner of Corner28, the menu is filled with the he ubiquitous Shanghainese options. Crab dumplings are good with need to be placed in a bigger bamboo steamer as the dumplings stuck to each other when expanded from the steam. Spacious and service is efficient. It's a nice sit down restaurant that you could hold a conversation and thoughtful dishes.
Thank Chinese Jesus, I've finally found amazing Dim Sum in NYC!  Came to Flushing to fight a red light bicycle ticket at the traffic courthouse down the street and happily wandered into You Garden for breakfast after I finished.  I won the case if you were wondering.  Two wins actually, since I found this place.  For breakfast, you must try the scallion pancake with sliced beef.  Dumplings were beautiful little baskets of love.  Service was excellent.  Will come back with more people and order more in the near future.  Thank you You Garden!  Full and happy!
Hot soy milk is a must get!  Soup dumplings were great too.  Buy 1 get 1 free! Fair warning -  the wait can be very long! Went with a group of 6 and waited for 40 minutes on a Sunday afternoon.
Their beef pancake is the best that I've ever eaten. Even on a diet, I had to save all my calories one day to travel 30 minutes to get one takeout beef pancake... and eat the whole thing in one sitting.  Nan xiang dumpling houses' beef pancake has more beef but I don't even look that direction any more after having this beef pancake. The scallion pancake is incredibly crispy, flaky and not dripping with grease. They can use a more beef in the beef to scallion pancake ratio but that's all I can ask for.Yes, I ate a LOT of the other stuff here.. xiao long bao, wuxi spare ribs, fried yellow croaker, turnip puff, braised pork shank, noodles.. but they were all forgotten after I had the beef pancake.
Very authentic Shanghainese food and free XLB with purchase, the veggie chicken reminds me of something I had 30 years ago...Lots of cheap, small dishes. $50-60 will feed 4 people easily.Couple of minor things:1. They could use some better tea2. The gap between booth and table was too wide, I almost had to reach out every time.The shop rite mat was hilarious.Probably same owner as Corner 28 since they use their bags.
We reserved a table for 7 however we were not let in until all 7 people arrived at the place. We waited for a little. We checked in on yelp and had a free tray of xiao long baos, they were good! The chicken was rubbery and hard for the chicken wine brewed? cold platter.. the saucey red pork was a bit too sweet for my taste, they included quail eggs in that dish which was good. We had a dessert on the house, it was this egg drop soup thingy with tangyuan and some hint of alcohol in it. It tasted so good!
Very authentic Shanghainese food! Pleasantly surprised. It's very crowded on a Saturday morning, mainly all shanghaineses. my parents and I waited about 20 mins before we were seated. The place is clean. The dishes they have are typical shanghainese like salty soft tofu soup, pork soup dumpling, rice cake with fermented veggies. One thing in happy about is that they don't rush you like some busy restaurants do. Oh yea, they are doing promotion, you get 6 pork soup dumplings for  free if you purchase 10 dollars or more. Overall, it's 6-8 per dish, so it is not one the cheaper restaurants in flushing but worth it for the good taste.
While I'm hesitant to write a bad review for any restaurant because I truly understand how hard it is to run a restaurant, I had to let this one out and I'll keep it short. My wife and I got seated at 9:10pm, all the dishes (appetizers, entrees, deserts) came at the same time at around 9:25pm, the waiter came with the check and their complimentary soups at 9:40pm, just let that sink in... At this point, we were nowhere near finish and they actually took away my plate while I was still working on my food, and the waiter even had the audacity to ask me if I was done, WTF!!! Don't you see me chewing on this tasty rib (their ribs are pretty good, forgot what they are called). Anyway, their xiao long bao was flavorful and juicy but I wouldn't say the best in the area. I think most people come to this place because they have this special promotion going on where if you spend over 10 bucks you get an order of xlb for free. I hope the management of this place can take notice of their service and improve on that because their food is pretty decent in Flushing standards.If you are one of those people who don't like to read long review, my advice would be to skip this place and head straight to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao that's right next to the Route 495, it's easier to find parking over there and the service is about 85 times better than this place.
I am a shanghainese and this place just reminds me of my childhood! This is the second best shanghainese food I found in America. Service was great because the waiters and waitresses actually speaks shanghainese. And the price is so affordable. One more important thing to mention, it was hot in the restaurant so I kept fanning myself, but a few mins later someone actually turned on the ac! It is amazing that people pay attention to your needs without asking! It definitely deserves a 5 star rating from me.
Well, the food is okay but extremely slow. I wait at least for 30 min for my buns. Besides, it is crowded and the service is terrible.
The service was great here! The food was not bad. The exterior of the  steam dumplings felt a bit dry and not too moisturized but the soup base makes up for it. The fried fish appeitzer is delicious! But watch out because some has bones in them. If you come here, you must try the chicken soup they have (it's on the last page of the menu). It taste like homemade soup
Delicious soup dumplings! The one free order of pork soup dumpling promotion is awesome too (: The broth is very flavorful and the dumplings are big. The servers seemed nice and the place is new,clean, and has nice decor.First time, had to wait 30 minutes for a table of 3 on a weekend afternoon. Second time, we had no wait since we came at 1130am on a weekday, but shortly after, there were people lining up.Definitely coming back
My friends love it here, I personally think it's just okay. I'm not a fan of Xiao Long Bao so I ordered the Shang Hai Fried Udon noodle and it was sooooo oily, so bland, there was no way I can finish it. Service is poor. After we ate, the servers some how lost our checks and we waited 30 minutes to be checked out.
My family of 7 came here on a Monday night for a small celebratory dinner. They have a somewhat big table in the front of the restaurant which can fit about 6-7 people comfortably. All other seating within the restaurant seems to be booth seating or small tables.The food here is pretty on point. We ordered a variety of dishes from their menu and had a lot of leftovers. I've starred my favorites below. Ones not starred were not my favorites BUT did not taste bad; I just didn't like them as a personal preference thing.Bean & Pig Trotter SoupChicken SoupChicken in Wine Sauce* - Great flavor in the chicken, which is important in this dish.Spicy Beef and TripeShanghai Style Udon NoodleRice Cake with Shredded Pork*Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns* - Great crab flavor, soup was not overwhelmingly "sticky" like Joe's Shanghai can be. Filling and skin ratio was good.Sauteed Tofu with Salted Preserved Egg Yolk and Shrimp* - I've gotten to really enjoy these new dishes that use slated preserved egg as a flavor enhancer. This was hands down my favorite of the night. Tofu was soft and silky, even my 4 year old loved it.Deep Fried Yellow Croaker with Dried Seaweed* - not oily, very fresh and tasty fishBraised Fish Belly in Brown SauceCurry Casserole PotThe service was sort of slow; the servers rarely came to check on us even though the restaurant was not super busy. Being that we were the only table in the front of the restaurant I suppose they did not think to come and check on us.We received one free Steamed Pork Bun with our order. They churn out the buns pretty quickly, at least on Monday night with medium level of business. We asked them to stagger the buns as we ordered 4 (+1 free so 5).The decor is very modern and a nice change from all the typical "Chinese" restaurants on the same block.I am definitely looking forward to coming back and trying their pan friend buns, fried bun with chives and egg and scallion pancakes.
Had some dim sum plans cave in on us so we decided to hit up Shanghai You.You wouldn't look twice walking down the street in Flushing, you've seen one restaurant, you've seen them all- and the facade looks just the same. But when you enter, it's zippy, clean, beautiful- a bit of an oasis on 40th Road.We were seated immediately, menus and hot tea ready to go. Service is extraordinary. The menu isn't super extensive for dim sum- but they have plenty of entrees. We ordered the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and the Steamed Pork Buns- so different from most of the dim sum places around the way. Heavy, almost bread-y but were definitely worth it. We ordered Udon Noodles and Beef Noodles to round everything out. The menu does lack a lot of the delicacies like spicy jellyfish or even pork buns- but the food is choice. Absolutely would come back to this spot.
Came here on the Saturday of the Mother's Day weekend around 6:20pm and there was already a line out the door.  We got a number and they said about 15-20 mins.  We waited 50 mins for a table for 4.  Luckily we stuck around and didnt cave into my wife's complaining about the long wait....she's the one who suggested the place!The seating was very spacious...they dont try to cram as many people into the place like at Joe's Shanghai.  We ordered 2 crab and 1 pork soup dumplings a (free pork soup dumpling), rice cakes with veggies and pork,   special spare ribs, general tso's chicken (lapse in judgement on our part) and snow pea tips.  Everything was delicious.  The soup dumplings were very juicy and I would say a decent size.  The snow pea tips were a little old but still very tasty. Everything came out quickly and was nice and hot.  After dinner they served a glutinous ball dessert soup on the house.  My mother even enjoyed the food...and you know how picky mothers can be!The only con I could report on was the single co-ed bathroom which was not very clean at all.
If you don't speak mandarin or any relations that sounds like it. Good luck! Granted to miscommunications. Let's get on with the review! Food was good and the deal can't be beat. we ordered 2 orders of the yummy goodness of the soup dumplings and got 1 for free! Yes, even though you checked in and it says you get a free order of soup dumplings. Doesn't mean you go in and just cop that and bounce! That's not how business works! *hint*hint*. The dumplings were good. Reasons. Weren't these the same ladies that use to work down on Prince St.!? Didn't expect a line for it. Just because they switched places!? Well this little spot is own by the infamous rice boxers from across the street! Corner 28. I think they're monopolizing that area !? Congrats to them. Reasons why I gave it 3 stars is cause. We asked 4 waiters about an order we had that never came. They shook their heads as if they were going to get it. But simply ignored and went on to their own tasks. Another star down cause of one of the servers gave a bit of an attitude when we simply only wanted an additional minute before ordering! Be NICE! but overall food was good! Hopefully you will not encounter the issues I had to go through! I will come back and give them another shot with prices like this and quality this good. It's worth a 2nd shot.
This establishment has quickly becomes one of the busiest restaurants in downtown flushing. That says a lot. The soup dumplings is one of the very best around. The menu carries a lot different varieties as well. It is too bad the wait is a bit long for me that affect the dining experience a bit. They do offer give a complimentary order of  pork soup dumplings if your bill goes over $10 which means pretty much free for each visit.
My fave fave favvvvve soup dumpling in all of NYC. This place gets packed during dinner hours, but trust me when I say this place is worth the wait. You get to watch your beautiful soup dumplings made as you wait!
I wanted to try something new and was in the mood for soup dumplings but didn't want to go to Joe's Shanghai or Nan Xiang Long Bao so we ended up here. It's actually a really really nice restaurant and the atmosphere is pretty authentic and accurate in terms of Chinese culture. It seems more like a hot spot for elder Chinese folks so you might end up seeing a lot of family styled dinners. If you check in you also get a free order of soup pork dumplings. We also got the pork stir fried noodles and the beef scallion pancakes. This place definitely beats the other two more well known restaurants. Menu is relatively cheap and only paid a little less than 12 bucks for 3 items. Would definitely recommend to others and will be back!
Often crowded but waiting time wasn't too long. Food wasn't too bad but the prices weren't really worth it and from the two times I went there to eat with friends, the time it took for the food to come out was long. It is definitely a plus that the cashier lady was nice enough to let me charge my phone while we were waiting, so I would rate customer service 9/10. Pros: Pretty good food, customer service Cons: Slightly high prices, long time for food to come out
The wait is forever to get a table.  Free Xiao Long bao with check in and a purchase over $10.  The portion are for single servings aka small.  So please order two if you are hungrrrry...just for yourself.  I wouldn't even share if you are hungry.  Double up on everything because by the time you sit down...you will be starving.  I unfortunately got seated near the door and every person was crowding around my table which made my dining experience sucked.   The food wasn't bad and prices were reasonable.    A great substitute from nanjang xiao lao bao on Prince St.
The xiaolongbao is the most authentic I've had in a while, better than those at Cafe China, which even has a Michelin star! The food comes in big portions and is surprisingly cheap. Everything tasted really fresh. It's definitely a long subway ride from Manhattan but it was worth it. I would not get the spicy wonton again, but the pork dumplings and xiaolongbao definitely made up for it.
Worth restaurant. You better know the boss or manager to get fast server. Otherwise, wait for their old customers and friends finished eating. And that will be your chance to seat.
Not really sure what all the hype is around this spot.  My wife saw this new Shanghainese restaurant pop up on yelp with 4.5 stars while driving in through the area to pick up some groceries so we decided to make a stop here.When we arrived, we saw a number of people inside waiting to be seated so that seemed like a plus, right?  Patrons dining plus tons more waiting = good food?  The wait was about 20 mins but in reality it was 30 mins.  As we were seated, we just wanted to sample just a few dishes so we opted for their soup dumplings, fried tiny buns (my favorite shanghainese dish) and rice cakes with minced pork and preserved veggies.  Food came out rather quick but the food tasted bland all around.  Thinking it may have been me and my faulty taste buds since I am recovering from an illness, I had to ask my wife and she said the same thing.  The soup dumplings came in an order of 6 but the flavor was lacking and odd in some of them.  The fried tiny buns were a disappointment as they were too big like eating those mantou buns.  They also needed to be a bit crispier on the bottom.  The rice cakes tasted like cardboard.  All in all, not a spot I'd ever venture back here.  For better soup dumplings in flushing, go hit up Kung Fu on Main St.
Had dinner here last Saturday.  We had really good classic Shanghai dim sum: smoked fish, Xiaolongbao, pan fried buns, and a couple of vegetable dishes.  The food was all really tasty, and prices are reasonable.  Sole complaints are the long lines, cash only, and do NOT order their signature jumbo Xiaolongbao (is filled only with soup, is a gimmick--stick to the traditional small XLB instead).  Would happily come back.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! only wished that parking around that area was a little more reasonable. We tend to avoid Flushing like the plague now, since the parking is so atrocious! Other than that, we LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
I have found it; my new favorite cheap Chinese restaurant. SO cheap that it's crazy. If you order $10 worth of food you get one FREE 6 steamed pork buns (whutt). My friend and I got pan fried pork buns and crispy noodles with shredded pork (and of course the free steamed pork buns), so 3 dishes in total. Let me start off with the steamed pork buns. They're pretty good; it tastes just as good as Nan Xiang! The crispy noodles were really good; the noodles were really crispy, crunchy, and the sauce was tasty too. Okay now let me rave about the pan fried pork buns...A-MAZIN. The bottom of the buns were soooooo crispy that it was crazy. The inside was hot and steaming, very juicy pork inside just oozing with delectable meat juice. Every bite was a party in my mouth. We spent $18 (plus tip and tax) in total...How freakin cheap is that?! Love this place!
Authentic dim sum place. shanghainese dishes for sure.
Loved it.  Tried six different dumplings.  Place is spotless and service was friendly.  My dad enjoyed the whole experience.  Would definitely go back.  My favorite dish was wontons in spicy peanut sauce.
Best soup dumplings!!! Also appreciated the complimentary order with 10$ purchase. Long lineups the Saturday we were there. Waited 40min for a table. Loved the distinct Shanghai flavor in the spicy noodle soup and braised hoof.
Cannot complain - food was awesome, service was terrific and decor is good.  bathrooms are a little gross but overall a very good experience.  We had the soup dumpling, the pork dumpling, and shrimp and the beef.  Everything exceeded our expectations.  I hope to go back.
We waited 15 minutes to get seated for lunch. The place is new so nice and clean. We ordered the gluten and the beef tendon cold dishes. Portions were on the small side especially the beef tendon but it tasted fine. The salty soybean soup was meh, not much taste.  Both versions of the soupy dumplings were just ok. The steamed vegetable dumpling was not good. The beef in scallion pancake and the sautéed Chinese squash were good but I don't think I'll be back. There are better places for this type of food in flushing. Nan bei he (now closed) had the best salty soybean and steamed vegetable dumplings. The best soupy dumplings are in new world mall food court.
This might just be my new go-to. Came here last week to try out the soup dumplings as well as scallion pancakes and they were both delish!The only negative is that the dumpling skins are prone to tearing against the parchment paper in the steamer, maybe lettuce might be a better option? And I'm a little disappointed I didn't get that complimentary order of buns especially since I ordered like $20 worth of food but c'est la vie.
The prices were reasonable. Food was good. We tried two different styles of Chinese rice cakes. both were good. The Xiao long bao, salt veg noodle soup, fried dumplings, and fried pork buns were all quite decent. They give a free order of Xiao long bao with order over $10. There is also free sweet fermented rice wine soup with the meal. This is a plus. The only negative is half their staff are not friendly at all. The other half are nice. The place is busy. If they can get the staff to be nice, I think they "can keep" and "attract" more customers. Everything is about service, service, service. Make people feel welcome !!! People go there to spend money.We would go back again if we ever go to Flushing again.
Love the fact that they gave us free soup dumplings and dessert! Soup dumplings are good, very soupy. If you like nan Xiang soup dumplings in flushing, I would say this one definitely beats it. I'm not a big fan of nan Xiang. Noodles are okay.
Food is ok, but service is Not. WE did not eat the Steamed Buns , the waiter asid we ate them.but is ok, If you out of it, you can just say so. we are ok with, but you can not said we ate it.very angry......... will not come again!
Great find! A new restaurant only opened few weeks ago and already packed with customers! A samples a few dishes, soup dumplings, pan fried baos, Chinese Okra, fried fish with seaweed wrapper, some noodles and scallion pancakes with beef. Everything was delicious, not one thing was disappointed! Service was excellent and place is nice and well deco. We will definitely be back soon!
I got to this restaurant at around 6:30 on a Saturday night and our party of 4 waited around an hour until we were seated. Make sure to check in with a server when you get there and get a number from them. The staff seemed only fluent in mandarin and when customers tried to speak in English or Cantonese the staff ignored them. In the end, we found a waiter who was willing to take our order as we pointed to the pictures on the menu. (I'm guessing the reason why their menu is in Chinese, English, Korean, and Spanish is so that customers would be able to communicate with the waiters without words.) The interior is much nicer than the exterior. We ordered a steamed crab meat pork bun and a complimentary steamed pork bun, a shanghai special chicken, a deep fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed, a shanghai pan fried udon noodle, a turnip puff, and the large steamed soup bun. The servings were rather small, but for the price, I think it was worth it. Everything was rather good. For some reason, I thought that the large steamed soup bun would be similar to the large shanghai bun served in manhattan, but it doesn't have any meat inside and is just soup wrapped in dumpling skin.
Just open.  The soup dumplings are really good.  Love the decor too.  Will definitely come again.
I was there for lunch, had their drunken chicken, shanghai thick noodle, steam pork bun and pan fried pork bun. I liked everything, will definitely return.
We are here expecting a 4 star experience.  The staff rushes people through.  The food is just okay.  We've lived in Asia and have eaten a lot of Shanghai food.  The large soup dumpling was bland, the pork bun was dense and bland, the duck was cold and bland.  The pork soup dumplings were okay but many places in Queens are better.  Even the Ginger was bland.  We won't be back.
I came to this restaurant with one of my colleagues from school and we were both satisfied.  This is a very nice place.   I like their food.  I'll go back again.
The soup dumplings is probably best in flushing, paper thin dough oozing with lush broth waiting to hit your tongue. The eight treasure noodle soup is simply amazing.  It has eight different ingredients Pork, bamboo, peanuts, pea and four ingredients and mild spicy tang to it, totally slurp worthy.  The braised pork leg or feet is absolutely succulent, perfectly fat to meat ratio. The fat melts in your mouth like a phenomenal piece of toro.  Definitely worth making a trip from the manhattan and go for authentic shanghainese food.  Service was good, very attentive. Will be back very soon.
I've been here a lot of times and besides seating be a little tight (though not as tight as another older shanghainese spot in Flushing), I cannot complain about here and this is now my go to spot for really good Shanghainese eats. I love their noodles and their wontons and their soup dumplings also are better than the other spot I mentioned before. Way better. Plus for now the soup dumplings are free for a check over 10 bucks. And please do try the pig knuckle, you will not regret it especially it's only 9 bucks and very delicious. Another item I like here are the glutinous rice shumais. Hopefully they can keep up the quality of the food for a very long time.
Nice new soup dumpling place that is clean. Came here with 3 other friends and ordered 2 soup dumplings, one of them was free as there was a special going on. A chicken soup, chicken rice cake, and pan fried noodles with seafood. Word of advice, order only 1 noodle dish, it was a bit overbearing with the amount of carbs.. but that may be a personal opinion. The soup dumplings were very good! I always enjoy that the skin is thin, and the soup was flavorful.  Not my favorite soup dumpling place in Flushing but still very good.  I didn't like how this place didn't have that many choices for cold sides. You will not find them here.
Parking was a big pain.  The restaurant would only sear us when the entire party was there.  Once we actually got seated, the whole experience was great.  The waitress was very helpful and gave us the free order of soup dumplings.  The food was cooked really well.  My FIL said that it was the best Shanghainese food he's eaten in the states.
Loved it here! The service was great! Someone took our dumpling order right away and gave us some time before ordering other items. Waiters were on point with checking if we needed refills or anything taken away. One of my favorite dishes is fried gluten 烤麩 and this place nails it. It's the perfect texture and taste, compared to other places in flushing that make it too salty, oily, or soft. Their rice cake was amazing as well. I know this place is new so I hope they stay this amazing!
This is my favorite new restaurant in Flushing, as people may not know, but the owners of Corner 28 opened Shanghai You Garden.  Another thing you may not know, the head chef who used to work at Nan Xiang is now at You Garden.  Once you walk into the restaurant you'll be pleasantly surprise with the nice decor.  We got seated at the half booth and started looking at the menu, there are so many things we wanted to eat, but there were only two of us.  They got the promotion if you order $10, you'll get one free Steamed pork bun.  We also order the Pan Fried Pork Buns, Spicy noodles with beef.  Everything was delicious!  If you want to eat steamed pork buns/steamed pork crab buns, You Garden is the place to go.  Absolutely the best place to go other than traveling to Taiwan.  Highly recommended!  So much better than Nan Xiang restaurant in Flushing.
Stumbled upon this place last week with my sister and dad, who came to Flushing to try dim sum. Needless to say, my dad really enjoyed it when he's sketchy on trying new foods. We ordered maybe 6 different ones (went more than a month ago, so don't really remember what lol) but we did order the soup dumplings, which always seem to be a must when we have dim sum. Definitely coming back for more :)
Unfortunately Nanxiang was closed today due to the Lunar New Year, so my friend and I decided to check this place out instead. We ordered two servings of crab meat and pork soup dumplings, and an order of rice cakes with beef. As we were waiting for order, we looked over to another table near us and noticed that they had a side of a green vegetable that looked appealing, so my friend asked one of the waitresses what the dish was called. The waitress responded by giving us a look of pure disgust. She called over someone else who explained to us that it was pea shoots, and we went ahead and placed an order for that as well. When the soup dumplings arrived, the first thing we noticed was that they were all pork, with no crab meat as we had ordered (though they still charged us for the ones with crab). Although they were not nearly as good as the ones at Nanxiang, they were decent. Same with the rice cakes, though they were especially greasy, and the beef tasted like it was very cheap meat. Then they brought us the bill.  We noticed that our order of vegetables was $17 so naturally we thought that this was a mistake. We called the waiter over and he verified that in fact the price was correct. As we were ordering our soup dumplings the waiter kept saying something about giving us a free order of dumplings which we did not really understand, but now it was clear that in order to compensate for that, they were overcharging us for this. They even tried to cover up the price with other text on the bill. To put it into perspective, a green vegetable was basically 50% of our check. They were obviously trying to take advantage of us. On the way out the entire walkway of the restaurant smelled like human feces. Like someone actually took a human shit in the restaurant. All in all, this meal came out to $40 for which we received mistreatment and fucked up smells.
The service is not so good. The quality of the food is below average.
I really don't get what the hype is about.  I mean, the Xiao Long Bao is good, but not worth waiting an hour and a half for.  The flavor is not extra special or outstanding, it really is just alright.
Can't say enough about Chef Zhu and his team. Chef Zhu has encyclopedic knowledge of Shanghainese cuisine and it shows in the food that comes out of his kitchen. Take a trip to Shanghai just steps from the 7 train.
Great place for delicious food! The service was great and they are knowledgeable about food allergies and is attentive to your needs.  Best soup dumplings around.  I would recommend this place over Joe Shanghai for food and service!
One of the better XLB places in Flushing, I actually would rate it after Kung Fu and Nan Xiang as the top three in the city. The quality is pretty consistent unlike Joe's Shanghai. The noodles and sides are pretty good too and portions are decent. Highly recommended if you're craving XLB that doesn't have a overly sweet filling and broth (go to A taste of Shanghai for that).
First let me provide you with your warning / guarantee:   This restaurant serves authentic Shanghainese  cuisine. It is prepared to Perfection and it is delicious but it is authentic. If you want to see how shanghainese people eat and experience that cuisine then you must come here. If you want chow mein with Crispy noodles you must stay as far away as possible.My friend and i started with the pickled shredded jelly fish, then chicken soup, then braised pork in a black sauce, then eel in another black sauce.  All delicious! AND!YOU GET AN ORDER OF SOUP DUMPLINGS ON THE HOUSE !!  If more exotic choices are not for you, do not worry: there are many mainstream dishes ( eg. General tso chicken) on the menu.
Waiting line for a table was annoyingly long even on a regular Wednesday afternoon so I put in two orders of crab/pork soup dumplings to-go. Wait was at least fifteen minutes and although the staff were friendly enough, I had to keep my feet off the floor cause I, along with a senior couple and even one of the cooks behind the bar saw a big roach crawl by. That was pretty gross but the soup dumplings were on point.
The soup dumplings are alright here. The skin is a bit thick for my taste. On the bright side though, they give you a free order of pork soup dumplings! My mom and I ordered pork soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, noodle soup with preserved cabbage and pork, and wine chicken. The food overall is decent but I definitely wouldn't wait awhile to try the food. If you're coming on a weekend, you'll most likely have to wait a bit for a table. What I do like about this place though is that the decor is clean and simple. If you can make it out to Flushing on a week day, I'd recommend it, otherwise be prepared to wait for a table.
Just as good (if not better) than Nan Xiang Dumpling HouseI'm so happy to have found a new soup dumpling place in Flushing! First, if you order more than $10 worth of food, you get a **complimentary** order of their soup dumplings which is a great deal. Moreover, the soup dumplings are awesome -- they are a nice size and the broth is really hot. We also got the cold cucumbers with garlic (pretty good) and an order of crispy noodles with pork and a sauce (it was OK). Shanghai You Garden must really be giving Nan Xiang Dumpling House a run for their money... the food is at least as good, and the service and ambience are much better. They open at 8 a.m. and have a breakfast menu, which is also a huge plus since some of my favorite sit-down breakfast places in Flushing have shut down, so this place helps fill that void.
I'm from Shanghai originally, and hope this adds some credibility to my following comments: Authentic Shanghai food doesn't cost much to make. We can use some flour and rice, a little bit pork to make food. Here you have "you tiao", "ci fan gao", "jiu niang yuan zi", "shao mai", and of course, the soup dumplings. These are all involved with cheap ingredients, (yes, we were very poor and had to be cost effective), but good chef will use his magic to turn it to super delicious beautiful food to satisfy Shanghai locals picky taste. Based on my two visits, I can be fairly confident to say, this is the best Shanghai restaurant I've ever found - lowest price, and fabulous dim sum. I haven't tried any other dishes, but the food presented looked beautiful. I'll try their lion head next time when I visit. It's a traditional Shanghai dish and I will be able to tell if that's authentic. See you soon!
The disposable chopsticks bleed color. If you wipe them on the napkin, you will see brown stains =/. The food is good, but not any better than other restaurants that offer Shanghainese cuisine.
I just heard about this place having good soup dumplings and wanted to try it out. I came with my friend for dinner at about 7:30pm on a weekday and I was worried there would be a long wait but we literally just had to wait 30 seconds. We ordered one pork soup dumplings, one pork and crab soup dumplings, fried spare ribs in wuxi style, a chicken soup, and beef scallion pancake. Everything was delicious! The soup dumplings are good and I've been to many soup dumpling places. The crab and pork ones are more complex and you can definitely taste the crab in these unlike some other places. Also, the black vinegar on the table was really good. It might be odd to compliment a condiment but we found it to be clean and complex. Perfect dipping sauce with the shredded ginger. We saw the ribs from another table that looked good and asked what they were (after quietly debating if we should be kind of rude and ask). We're glad we did! They were delicious and they go well with the bit of bok choy underneath. The chicken soup was standard for a chinese restaurant we just wanted a soup to share. The beef scallion pancake was good as well. Perfectly crispy, not too oily, and the hoisin sauce in it was delicious maybe just have a little more inside.The decor is nice and the service was good. We're definitely coming back to try other foods. It seems like they do all the Shanghai foods well. The pork soup dumplings were no charge because of their over $10 deal.
When I came there was a 10 minute wait and the restaurant was extremely crowded. I had high hopes considering all the great reviews on yelp. Before we were seated the manager(?) was quite rude and rushed me and my friend to our table. We ordered the rice cakes with shredded chicken, pan fried dumplings, shanghai shui mai, and we were given complimentary pork soup dumplings, which was nice a nice touch. Most of the food we ate was bland. The only things we truly enjoyed were the pan fried dumplings and the soup dumplings. Maybe we didn't order the right things but everything else was definitely lacking flavor. Bottom line, we didnt enjoy the bland food, the rushed manager, and one of the rude waiters we encountered.
We ordered Spicy Beef & Tripe, steamed pork bun, steamed crab meant pork buns and a warm sweet soy bean milk. The steamed crab pork bun was better than any place around the area. Their beef and tripe was very tender. You can get complimentary Steamed pork bun when you order more than $10 since it's their Grand Opening. They also surprised us with a complimentary dessert. The service here is pretty decent. What I like the most other than their soup dumpling is the decorations.
Soup dumplings are to die for! My two rating is for the service, not a fan of the waiters - I always feel rushed.
This place is so much better than the currently better known but like 3x times more expensive "Joe Shanghai" which is overhyped. Shanghai You Garden offers amazing prices for amazing food! The prices lets you order so much different kinds of foods to try at an unbeatable price. It really serves up well if you like to try the whole menu and not break the bank eating delicious Chinese Shanghainese food. To start, their soy milk is soooo delicious, so smooth and tasty. Had to order 3 for myself during the course of my meal with my family and friends. Their noodles are tasty, especially their fried noodles with the options of beef and chicken and seafood. They have a dish that ive never seen or tasted before which tasted amazing! Kung Po Eel which was a most definitely delicious and different and unique dish. Definitely worth trying and you can "do it for the gram" or "do it for the snap" and show off your adventurous dish. Their soup dumplings are soupy and tasty, which has more flavor than Joe Shanghai. You have your choice of Pork, and crab. They come steamy hot and fresh as they are made fresh every single time. You can see the ladies wrapping them up when you first walk into the restaurant in the kitchen behind the glass. Creating each delicious soup dumpling one at a time. They have this pretty good "drunken chicken", quality chicken meat. You also have a choice of some beef   and other pork dishes. Definitely have to go and try out the menu yourself, which wont actually break your wallet and bank as you do so ;) lol which is always a great quality of a restaurant that also offers a tremendous taste for your mouth and belly XP
Forget Joe's. *This* is the place for soup dumplings. So delicious and flavorful, non graesy, lots of excellent items on the menu. And service was great, seating wasn't cramped or small, just so much better than any soup dumpling place I've been to in a long time, both in Flushing and in Manhattan. Highly recommended (though prepare for a bit of a wait).
The environment is good and food are very delicious.I often come here but this morning there was a waitress that engage me in a stomach gas .first she bowed her face to speak very red just like who owes her money .I bring a child but she will not ask you If you need baby chair or plastic tray fork like other waiter. It does not matter there is not enough tissue to use and we need to ask her for it.the important thing is there are two guests who are next to my table they have two bowls of bean curd a fried fritters and did not leave a tip for her .she said to the other waiter "they did not leave a tip you can not ask for?"and then said if can not afford to eat please don't come while she was cleaning the table .and lot of guests have heard this word.when I checked and I wanted package ,she asked me which to pack . I ordered total four things and every thing eat only half,  I said all packed and she went with the cashier to talk with their language which I could not understand.But I can imagine what she said like before she said to the two guests.After I checked I didn't leave tips for her.she came to say that the beauty of the bill does not include tips! I said I knew I was not the first time to eat ,your attitude is so bad! I want to leave ,she spoke in the back that did not see such a person! Even my child say that the aunt is not good !The tip is based on waiter's service that is good or bad . I never given no tip but today this person is too bad to eat and eat a stomach gas.
This place is bustling! We got take out here after a day at Spa Castle. Good food at reasonable prices. Not everyone speaks great English but the staff is friendly and attentive. Tables are close together. I might prefer Nan Xiang xiao long bao for dining in. We got assorted dumplings, spicy beef tendon and black fungus. Those leftover mushrooms made an awesome omelet the next morning!
This restaurant is as legit as it gets! As someone who ate Shanghainese food growing up, I'm extremely particular about how authentic "shanghainese" food is in NY- this place totally fits the bill. This restaurant has been featured in numerous magazines and tv shows and has become somewhat of a must for Asians in the vicinity. I recommend the deep fried yellow croaker with dried seaweed. The outside fried layer is fried to a crisp, but not to the point of becoming excessively oily, and the inside fish just falls into your mouth. It's the best fried fish I've had in the states. The restaurant also gives you a complimentary set of soup dumplings once you hit a minimum (I forgot the minimum, but the soup dumplings were delicious-tasted similar to din tai fung's). They also serve the large soup dumplings where you use a straw to sip the soup, but I've never been a fan so I'll leave others to be the judge of their large soup dumplings. Will definitely be coming back.... OFTEN.
The soup dumplings were surprisingly good. Heard from the grape vine that a chef from nanxiang had been hired here. However, wasn't a big fan of the scallion pancakes. Not my first choice but a decent backup.
The service was terrible. They sat us down at a table near the doors, away from the rest of the restaurant and completely forgot about us. We flagged them down multiple times and they still never came over. It wasn't until we stood up and walked over to them that they even remembered to give us menus!! The table was very dirty. There were pieces of food all over the chairs.   We asked them for a cloth to wipe it down ourselves and they refused! After a lot of asking, one of the employees used their hands to slap the chairs all while very annoyed. The food is average at best. I highly doubt I will recommend this place to any of my friends.
Honestly, these are the best soup dumplings that I have ever had in the world. Better than Din Tai Fung in Asia and better than Joe Shanghai's in NYC. The dumplings are huge and the skin is nice and thick so it doesn't break easily. Customer service is friendly and the food is excellent. Check in on yelp for a free order on soup dumplings ($5.95 value)! I will definitely be back for more. Just be prepared for at least 30 minute wait on weekends.
New, clean, lots of space - and soup dumplings. I thought all the food was great, the staff was really nice, and would be happy to go again and again. I definitely think this place is special and would be deserving to get all the press and blog mentions et cetera. I was surprised that it is owned by Corner 28, but maybe this is their version of going upscale. Hey, if this is that, then I am totally down for it.
Definitely gives Nan Xiang a run for its money. A lot of the dishes are similar and are prepared very similarly, with a nearly identical menu to Nan Xiang. The soup dumplings are comparable in texture but have slightly different flavors. The crab soup dumplings here taste crabbier. Definitely get the salty green mochi they have up front, it's amazing! This is definitely a place to go for standard Shanghainese fare (rice cakes, crispy noodles, cold dishes), and the customer service here is quite good too.
Is "total" a really hard English word to understand? Clearly, some waiters do not understand it.We ordered in Chinese and still got the order wrong. We told the waiter instantly when we know the order was wrong and they were like "o well, deal with it" kinda attitude. If you don't mind that, then it's okay.
The worst place for dining.  The employees were in the lala land.  Forgot what we ordered-juicy buns-exactly what the place sales and named after.  The waiters blamed on each other.  However, they brought 2 sauces for the juicy buns right after we placed the order.   Not so smart.
The Xiao Lung Bao's here are excellent especially with their free offer 1 order Xiao Lung Bao's when you spend $10.  I order the spicy beef noodle soup. The flavor is good. But, they needed to tenderize the beef more.  Another advantage they have over Nan Xian Xiao Long Bao is they have. More food selection on their menu.
Dad really wanted to come here because he kept seeing the advertisement on the Chinese channel. We waited for about 30 minutes before we were seated. Though it was fully staffed, there were times when you couldn't find a waiter in sight. The food was okay. Nothing to wow about. They were out of pig ear and spicy chicken feet and we were told that sometimes they just don't make 'em. The jellyfish was more turnip than jellyfish and the pan fried noodles was typical. The rice cake with pork and veggies was pretty good though. All in all, it's alright. Not spectacular but not bad either.
Service bad bad bad and rush you to leave although no one waiting outside. Waiter came near the table every 5 mins and wanted to clear yr dishes fast although it's not finished. Same happened to some friends who ate there. Terrible.
Not my type! I was born on shang Hai, butthis xiao Long bao is not taste well as Real Shang Hai Xiao Long Bao. The meat is not fresh enough, but ok. I am not recommend this place as first come visitor.
Simple DELICIOUS SOUPY DUMPLINGS ever. I am a total soupy dumplings fan and this place is it.  Really tasty dishes ( i love the xiao lun bao - soupy dumplings ) the most.  lol.. but beef noodle soup was great too.  And among appetizers like drunken chicken. Prices are great, seating are comfortable.  Try them out :)
Best soup dumplings in the city. I think they are also still having a free order of soup dumplings (xiao long bao) special with your meal because they just opened! Either way, This place is a legit Chinese restaurant in Flushing (aka the closest to China you'll get in the US), where you know the food is the real deal because most of the clientele is Asian! Of note, there are also English speakers and importantly, clear, good quality pictures on the menu to help those of us who don't speak Chinese get our authentic and delicious Chinese meal fix on! (Or those of us that are half Asian like me and should speak more Chinese but don't). Check this place out - trust me, you won't regret it.
This restaurant deserves a five star review on its food. Way better soup dumplings compared to Nanxiang dumpling house. The soup was rich and tasty, and the dough was the right amount of thickness and chewiness. And you got one order for free for their grand opening. The only thing I was not so impressed was their service. They were attending but the order could work out better. We finished our meal with the appetizer the fried dough aka youtiao at last. I'm very happy to see more and more authentic Mandarin Chinese restaurants popping up in flushing and would really like to see their efforts not only on bringing good food but also good services to all customers.
Really enjoyed eating here. Efficient line where you get a ticket and you can go around Flushing while waiting for a table to clear. Also, you get free soup dumplings with orders over $10, which is THE BEST THING EVER and those things are as tasty as they get. They also give you this free sweet gelatinous rice ball soup thing, which is also great because it's free and pretty good! In NYC, it's so rare to get things for free. We also ordered the tofu egg shrimp dish, which is incredibly rich but good. Their turnip pastries also had ham (I think) inside in addition to turnip, which was a nice surprise and not usually part of the recipe. However, I enjoyed it. The only thing I regretted ordering is the large soup dumpling for $2.99. For some reason, they gave me the crab one and inside it was only broth. No crab meat. Just oily, crab-flavored broth inside the skin of the dumpling. I understand why they gave me a straw to drink from, but literally there was no meat which is expected of a bao.Fast, attentive service.
love the free soup bun after $10 of purchase during dinner time. food is amazing and price is great, Service in the other hand is soso but nice area and I will go again.
Very disappointed compare to the first time we went! We order 6 dishes in total. 4 came very quick. 2 were not. 30 mins later, we asked where the food are. The lady went to check, came back saying they had the order down. Ok! 5 mins later, one dish came and we still missing one, which was only a simple vegetable rice. So we waited! Took another 10 mins before it came to the table. There were a lot of people working there. But it just a totally fail on getting the order to the table. Not to mention we had asked a few times.
Very authentic! Love the soup dumpling there and other dishes.
been here a few times. food has improved. great svc and comfy seating. dont order the big bun, its just thick skin with broth inside..
always come back here for food. soooooo nice. traditional taste even hard to find in shanghai nowadays. bring me back to childhood memory.
Great Shanghainese cuisine. The place can be a little hard to find, for those not familiar with Flushing. But really worth the trip. The seating is really spacious, lots of room at the table for all the great little snacks. Will be back soon.
This is so far THE best steam soup buns place in NYC.  The flavor is very authentic, for most dishes, and not pricy at all.  They also serve food fast, and have for sure above-average service as a Chinese restaurant.
My new spot for soup dumplings and anything shanghainese. Way to step up to the plate You Garden. Awesome decor and service as well... Let's see how long before you have to wait for a table.
This place serves delicious soup dumplings of both the pork and crab variety. The pan fried dumplings and buns were a bit too toasty on the bottom and left much to be desired. The staff were attentive and this coupled with the attractive well-lit decor with clean and comfy seating areas means I'm looking forward to coming back for another round of soup dumplings.
Great service and clean environment. It's my second time there and I'm definitely impressed by the customer service and the cleaniness.
Bad service. Made reservation and arrived on time, but still waited in line for 40 more minutes. Not sure how the reservation works. The manager kept saying "Another 5 minutes." If you want to get something to eat on time, skip this place.
Probably one of the worst Shanghainese restaurants that I have ever been to.  If you are Shanghainese and foodie, you definitely will not be impressed by the food quality.  We ordered jelly fish appetizer and it was so salty.  The Kau Fu wasn't nicely made, so oily.  Fish head casserole was horrible.  The soup doesn't taste like Shanghainese style at all and the fish head wasn't even cooked and we had to send it back.  Sautéed eel was another disaster.  Will never go back to the restaurant again.
2.5 stars for the food and 0.5 extra star for the ambience.The food is mediocre at best. We ordered the bean cud where the tofu was way too firm. The eel was obviously frozen and not fresh. The fried dough was a bit stale and the skin of the steamed dumpling was way too thick.I have been on the hunt for a good shengjian bun place throughout 5 boroughs for the last couple years. After the waitress told me there was a 15-25 minutes wait for the shengjian bun I really had my hope up. What a let down! It came out closer to pan fried beef buns (Google the word "牛肉煎包" if you want to know what it is) than shengjian bun. The bottom was not crispy and the top was way to mushy. Consider that both A Taste of Shanghai and Nanxiang Dumpling House are no more than 2 blocks away, I am not in a hurry to come back here any time soon.
This place was awesome! Amazing dumplings for a great price! It was clean, beautiful, and surprisingly not packed so it's a perfect atmosphere! I would go back for the soup dumplings, chive pancake, and the seafood dumplings are a must! :) even the tea they serve is great and it's right next to the 7 Subway stop.
I was really surprised by this place. It was located on one of the dingier streets in Flushing and I have passed by it many times. When you go in, it has actually really nice ambiance with good decor. The food was also very good and the free order of soup dumplings makes it an amazing value. I personally loved the sweet tofu soup as their tofu is very silky. The soup dumplings have good skin, lots of soup and tastes of what the filling should be. The service was also very fast. I would definitely come back and will be bringing others with me next time.
Came on a weekend afternoon for lunch. Very crowded. We asked about the waiting time, and they told us it should not be very long. However, we waited more than 30 minutes!! The thing is that we only have two people and they give priority to group 3 or 4, and we saw a lot of people coming later than us get seated before us. Then finally it's our turn, but it turns out we need to share the four seats table with another couple! If you are going to set up like this, you need to ask and confirm with the customers first! We did not eat, so no comment on the food. But's in flushing, a place full of authentic Chinese food!
New restaurant in downtown Flushing.  Soup Dumplings are fresh and delicious.  Try the Braised bean curd.  It is excellent.  Staff is very friendly and attentive.  Most speak excellent English and welcome all patrons.  Very clean... including bathrooms.  A must for newbies to soup dumplings. Crab is real crab.
I arrived here at 12:30pm on a Saturday. We were a group of two and we were seated within 15 minutes.  There is still an unadvertised special: we ordered a basket of crabmeat/pork soup dumplings for $7 and we got a free order of pork soup dumplings! We got this last time when we stopped in at 10am.  I think this time was so much better. I think that we got frozen leftovers last time and, this time, the soup dumplings were fresh! We also ordered the steamed veggie dumplings.  Don't get that. It was such a disappointment after the soup dumplings. These were so dry that we ended up dunking them into our noodle soup. We had ordered the vegetable noodle soup. My mom isn't into spicy food and the choices of noodle soup were mostly spicy ones. If you like shitake mushrooms, this soup is heavily flavored with these shrooms. Word of warning: their soups are cheap and very large! We left the restaurant very stuffed... and for less than $20 (before tip). Highly recommended if you are a lover of soup dumplings.
What i can say bad about this? Nothing. Good service, well ran by a great owner. Food is delicious and seating is comfortable. Its definitely the new gem of Flushing restaurants. Soup dumplings were juicy and moist and flavorful. Much better than the not so good and hyped Joe Shanghai. You can try the pork and crab soup dumplings at a fraction of the joe shanghai prices. Their menu is simple but holds some delicious things you can try. From their fried noodles, to their pork shank, fried fish, jellyfish, soups and delicious soy milk that they make themselves and just so many other choices i am forgetting off the top of my head that ive tried. Get here early because this place can get busy due to that fact that the food here is very good and worth waiting for. You won't be disappointed in the food and the price, you leave this place feeling 1000% satisfied, your stomach and your wallet. lol. This is a huge "DEFINITE" try.
The place was jam packed on a Sunday around lunch but we got a table for two in about 10 minutes so the wait wasn't bad at all.  We ordered 3 items-- soup dumplings, shrimp and veggie pan fried noodles.  The veggie pan fried noodles were not a menu item but all other shnaghinese places make it whether it is on the menu or not.  I was told by the waitress that they don't make it.  It has to come with meat or seafood.  I asked why they can't make it without meat or seafood and I was told that it would not taste good without meat.  I explained that other competitors make it and I don't eat meat or seafood.  She then asked if I wanted just the pan fried noodles with soy sauce.  I had to reiterate that I wanted veggies.  she then looked annoyed and said she will have them make the pork pan fried noodles minus the pork.  It came out ok.  Nothing spectacular but not bad either.  The soup dumplings which I thought were an appetizer, came out last and only after following up with them.  The taste of the food wasn't bad but the service could use some improvement.
