was browsing for seafood spots around flushing and saw some really positive reviews for gupji. ended up going for late lunch on a sunday with only one other diner inside the location. initially ordered the sashimi special with 2 varieties of salmon, hamachi and fluke, all of which were really fresh. you really could taste the excellent quality of the fish used the precursor to the entree - egg custard with shrimp - had a subtle egg flavor and was very good. entrees involved a whole bronzino and sea bass steak coupled with miso soup, rice, plum sauce, kimchi, and pickled jalapeños. both fish were delicately prepared and extremely flavorful. in addition to the complimentary salad with yelp check in, i was also given a free slice of cake at the end. don't even know what it was, but like everything else, it was fantastic! i know some great flushing eats and yet was pleasantly surprised and impressed by how terrific this place was/is. from the carefully appointed modern-rustic interior, lighting and spacing of the tables to the extremely high quality and delicious food, you could tell a lot of thought went into delivering a great dining experience for customers. best of all the host was extremely friendly and helpful with detailing some of the dishes i wasn't familiar with. do yourself a favor and support good people and great food. they deserve your business. this place is outstanding!
Seafood with a modern twist.Came with a group of 4 on a Thursday night, we were seated immediately and served free appetizers that included their house salad and steamed egg custard. Loved the dressing on the salad but I was more blown away by their steamed egg custard with shrimp aka chawanmushi. It was silky and smooth in texture, delicious and free! Both appetizers were a great start to our meal that included:- Sweet Potato Croquette ($6): Deep fried mashed sweet potatoes with a mayo-based sauce and takoyaki sauce drizzled on top. Comes with 4 pieces. They're covered in the perfect amount of breadcrumbs, not super oily and has a crunchy exterior with a generous amount of mashed sweet potato filling. Would order again.- Deep Fried Potato, Hash Brown, Cheese Stick ($8): Our plate came with 2 cheese sticks, a handful of tater tots and fries all sprinkled with dried bonito flakes on top and a drizzle of white mayo based sauce. They also bring you a side of ketchup. Tbh, I think it's really hard to mess up fries and I never had anything that wasn't good after being deep fried. Also, as a lover of anything-potatoes I can eat two bowls of this nooo problemo.- Chilean Sea Bass ($25): Not dry, perfectly moist, soft and nicely seasoned and grilled with their chef's soy sauce. The portion for one plate might be too small for a group of 4, it's a better portion to split amongst 2 people. Drizzle a bit of lemon on top and dig in. The meat just falls off and you can tell the quality is up there butttt as good at it was, it wasn't mind-blowing. As in, the the price is a bit steep. Might contemplate on getting this again next time if anything.- Hot Pot Fish Egg Rice ($16): Basically a bibimbap with different types of fish roe and vegetables served in a stone pot. You can scrape up the crunchy, nutty burnt rice on the bottom (nurungji) after you're done. It doesn't come with a sauce but the whole point is to really get all the flavors of the fish roes. Some might think it's a bit salty but this was pretty on point for me.- Sashimi ($24): Comes with thin slices/cubes of salmon, hamachi and fluke sashimi. Some pieces were still thawing as if they weren't completely defrosted when they were served and the overall portion was okkk. I kinda expected more from this, just cause I loveeee sashimi but was a bit disappointed that some pieces were ice cold in my mouth.Overall, I like how they have a simple menu. It just means that I'd expect a bullseye for each dishes listed on there, which wasn't the case. But, I did enjoy most of then including the sweet potato croquette, fries and the hot pot fish egg rice. Guess I'll just have to go back to try some of their other items on the menu. This is a great date spot or to eat a nice simple, clean meal with your friends. We left feeling happy-full, not the I'm-going-get-food-coma kinda full. Also, I wouldn't bring more than 4 people, just because of limited space and seating inside. Parking can also be a hassle if you're here during the peak hours since there are so many other restaurants around this area. Service is ok, the servers aren't super talkative or anything--hey take your orders, bring them out and let you be. I like that since it always rubs me off the wrong way when servers take your plates away and immediately assumes that you want the check afterwards. You feel rushed to leave that way, which is a pet peeve of mine. Anyways, will definitely poke my head in again when I'm in the mood to #treatmaself with some seafood the next time I'm around the area.
Neighborhood spot that I've been really wanting to try.  Went here on a whim on a Friday night at around 7:30 PM. Small and intimate, jazzy Korean music playing in the background and just a few tables. Great service and servers but the food wasn't all that it was hyped up to be.Sashimi special: fresh fish, sweet and sour soy sauce with wasabi was delicious.Mushroom, beef nabe udon: bland and one note.Fish roe stonepot bibimbap: salty from the roe but was definitely missing a sauce of some sort. Kimchi bits didn't have a place there.All in all, it was what I expected but wanted the flavor to be a bit amped up for a fusion, modern spot. Not sure if I'll revisit but the servers were great, tentative and nice!
We came in after watching the latest star wars moving in Fresh Meadows and wanted small dishes rather than big entrees. We got the wasabi octopus with seaweed, spicy tuna salad, and pan fried oysters. Before our orders came, we received complimentary egg custards. They were good but I still think Ootoya has the best. But being it is a free item, it's certainly not bad. The first dish that arrived was the spicy tuna salad. It was more tuna than salad and it's honestly not a bad thing. Along with the argula, there was thinly slices of apples and red onion. Halved cherry tomatoes added color to the salad. The spicy tuna itself wasn't too spicy but I suspect that we had to mix in the sirracha ourselves and we didn't do that. The next dish was the wasabi octopus and seaweed. This octopus mix may look bland but it packed so much invisible spiciness in there! The wasabi was present throughout. You have to assemble your own little bite -- a sheet of nori, some octopus pieces, and some cucumbers sticks. The wasabi spiciness is unique and addictive. I am not a spice fan and this dish was hands down spicy, but I find myself going back to it over and over again. When it got too spicy, I would eat the salad and the egg custard to balance it out. Even when we finished the nori and cucumbers, I was fishing for more of the little pieces of octopus from the dish. The pan fried oysters came out last. It also came with a dipping soy sauce of some sort. The oysters were uniformly the same size and relatively plump. It wasn't super special in my opinion but it didn't taste bad either. Maybe they can make it special by creating different dipping sauces. Lastly, service was solid and very courteous. However, their English is not the best so I relied on Yelp reviews and pictures to guide me on what I order. We also got seated literally right in front of the restroom. Thank God no one "really" needed to use it. Not the best seats in the house. Parking in the area was also hard to find on a Saturday night. So be prepared to drive around to look for parking if you're not taking public transportation.
The food is good here. They have a simple menu but a few different seafood selection. I got the sashimi. The tuna was not that fresh can tell by the color and taste. The salmon is usually always the same every place I've been to. The hamachi is pretty good but it was still frozen so I had to wait awhile to eat it. The sweet potato croquette is good, it taste a bit like curry. The GUPJI ribeye steak was cooked well. I liked how the steak tasted a little bit like sausages. The house salad is on point. I really liked it and ordered two of them. Ambience is nice. Small place with mellow music. Good place for a date. I think I would come back here. I was expecting more from the sashimi. If it was more fresh and less frozen I would have given it a 4 star.
Service is great, very friendly. Food is on par, we got a lot of salmon dishes as recommended by the waiter, love the pork belly grill, so good. Bit pricy tho, and place is not that big. Its a nice spot for after work drink and chit chat.
My friend and I had dinner at this restaurant tonight. We tried the hot pot fish egg and hot plate rice w salmon. Food was absolutely delicious! Both dishes had a spicy kick. Dishes were nicely portioned. We left w our bellies stuffed! Staff were super nice and friendly. Ambience was quiet and cozy. Definitely coming back here soon!
Great service and food. Gem in the area, nice place to hang out with friends and family. Food is more on the Asian fusion style. Will visit often.
My new favorite late night eats place!This isn't a traditional korean restaurant; they focus more on their seafood. The menu also isn't very big so every dish is basically made to perfection IMO. This place is also very small. Even though they're known for their seafood, I got the mushroom and beef soup & pork belly.I checked in yelp for their house salad. They also give you steamed egg as a complimentary appetizer. Everything was super delicious. I didn't expect the pork belly to be amazing but it was. This place is pretty pricey, but it's pretty worth it IMO. Will deff come back. My only complaint is that seating isnt flexible at all.My boyfriend and I walked in at about 11 pm and there were only two other parties there. We wanted to sit at a certain table because the only two party table was next to a bunch of drunks but the waitress said she couldn't sit us there just in case other parties walk in. There was about a few empty tables and it was late. This place doesn't get that much business so it was kind of annoying sitting next to a bunch of loud drunks & no one else came in during our stay there. We left around 12:30 am?Even though that rubbed us the wrong way, our waitress was still very nice.
Nice cozy little spot for some small plate eats. A new addition to the area that is already horrible for parking. If you're driving, plan ahead of time! I would recommend calling for reservations as well, since there is limited tables. I would not recommend large groups for this place. We ordered literally everything on the menu and the only one that stood out was the eel dish! (See photo). Plump and tasty. If you want a nice date spot or a spot to chat with a friend and catch up, I would recommend coming here. I do hope they add more things to the menu in the future.
Walking into the somewhat-dimly lit restaurant, I immediately loved the vibes. My friend and I came in a bit earlier than their opening time but we were seated with hot tea and were able to look at the menu. (Tip: check in to get free house salad, $6). Salad: spinach salad with tomato, mango, and red onion, and a light vinaigrette. A very light and refreshing way to start your meal. Fish Hot Pot Fish Egg Rice ($16): It was served in a clay pot and everything was nicely sizzling inside. I didn't really get a good at it because I just told my friend to mix everything up (sorry I was hungry...) Nicely seasoned and had an interestingly good texture from the slight crunch of the fish eggs. Chilean Sea Bass ($23): S O G O O D. Breaking off a small piece, you know right away how fresh the fish was. It was nicely seared, seasoned, (I hate using this word, i'm sorry but it's the only word that comes to mind right now)....but...moist...I really hate dry fish and I gotta say they prepared it really well. The one thing that might make this EVEN better is if they gave a bit more. For $23, I honestly was expecting more. But for the quality and freshness of the fish, it's kinda worth it. Kinda. Side dishes: kimchi, lotus root, soup (they only gave us 1 bowl, and we had to split), fish thing wrapped in egg omelette (?)...I actually got hyped up reading reviews thinking I would get more  side dishes, but this was all we got. Presentation of food: 10/10Service: given that we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time, the waitress was attentive and constantly refilled our tea.Overall, for the quality and freshness of their food, their price is somewhat reasonable. I would come to try their other dishes, but only order their seafood when I feel like splurging.
Cuisine: 7Service: 7Decor: 7Value: 7Overall: 7Cute little shop focused mostly in grilled fish, such as Mackerel, Belt Fish, Chilean Sea Bass, and many others. They do a pretty good job at it.  I also like their Sweet Potato Croquette and the House Salad appetizers.
What an interesting fusion of 2 of my favorite cuisines: Japanese & Korean!I really enjoyed the food here, and not to mention the service was great as well. They were very attentive, and interested to know what we thought of in terms of their food. We had ordered:- Seafood platter from the today's special: The seafood was very fresh and I really enjoyed the sauce as well.- Freshwater eel: I thought it was very good and it also came with rice and soup, which they offer free refills. They also provided complementary:-Congee: tasty!-Salad: sauce was really good as well!Ambience was amazing, and it definitely felt more like a city restaurant than the typical ones you see in Flushing. It's very cozy.Will come back again!!
Cute restaurant. I love that it opens til late. As for the food, I find that only their pork belly dish is good. Kinda overpriced. Their on the house salad and egg "dessert"? is really good. But that's all I could really say. I haven't exactly tried everything, but I was pretty disappointed in their fresh water eel.
The place is pretty small and the waitress wasn't flexible to assign the seat. The food was okay. The waitress recommended us the Chilean sea bass, it was delicious! We also ordered the eel, the waiter told us we need to eat with sesame leave and ginger with little bit of eel sauce, it tasted different from what I except "Eel". It was kinda fresh feeling for me. For all other foods was okay.
Saw some great reviews so I have to come give this place a try. It's a small restaurant with good looking decor, very woody and uses pipes for the electrical cables which look cool.Most complicated menu to read in my opinion. Nothing is really categorized.. it's just listed one after another and that was very confusing because there was fish and rice and meat all listed together.I had ordered the poke belly with sea salt and my girlfriend ordered the fish with fish eggs fried rice and we had some assorted fries to start. The pork-belly came out sizzling hot and it was very flavorful and delicious. Overall the food was pretty good, the waitress that helped was very nice and food came out in an orderly  manner. Probably a place I would come back to and eat in again.
Gupji is maybe a 20 minute walk from Main St. Flushing so it's pretty close to there if you want some exercise, but going back I would drive.  This place has a lot going for it.  Tasty food, a laid back atmosphere and NOT too overcrowded, and reasonable prices.My wife and I had the pork belly, fried shrimp with sweet potato and some oysters as a side-dish.  They served us complimentary house salad after I checked in on yelp and they also gave us steamed egg in a tiny bowl (that was good too, and free).I'll add some pictures but I do want to point out something my wife noticed: the two chefs in the back were doing every order on their own.  Maybe there were three or four other tables with guests and the two kitchen staff were cooking and plating food non-stop, and I'm sure all the dishes were great (because ours were).  I have no experience with the restaurant industry but I think that's pretty rare to see, and you can see it yourself too, it's an open kitchen.After going there I can see why it has an average 4.5 star rating, it's a great hole in the wall.  Also, they said they don't have a dessert menu, we asked. But I see some other people bragging in their reviews about getting a pumpkin / squash dessert.  Maybe you just have to be super cool or catch them at a certain time.
Came here with my sister after being out and about in Flushing with friends. It was a quiet night and there was only us and another group of friends dining at the restaurant. The space is small, but does give that kind of intimate vibe. Their specialty was their grilled seafood and my sis and I were intrigued to try some.We ordered fried oysters to start, grilled sea bass and the fish egg hot pot. The meal started with a fresh apple, greens, grape tomato salad with a sweet dressing and miso soup. The meal also came with a complementary congee and potato pancakes. The sea bass was grilled to perfection being crispy and moist at the same time. The oysters were a delight with a sweet and salty flavor. The fish egg hot pot was delicious as the combination of the three different fish eggs, rice and seasoning was a flavorful bite.The staff was very nice and very attentive to make sure our cup of tea was full and our tummies were happy with the meal. We will definitely go back again one day.
A big fan of GUPJI!My boyfriend and I came around 5:30pm for dinner on a Wednesday night. The restaurant wasn't very full, so we were able to get a table easily.We ordered the fish cake udon, spicy tuna salad, and hot pot fish roe rice. The udon and the tuna salad were pretty standard, but the hot pot fish roe rice was amazing! It's similar to a bibimbap - it comes with three or four different types of fish roe, some vegetables, and some sauce in a sizzling stone bowl. You mix it all together and eat! It was delicious; the seafood flavor was great and it wasn't too salty or bland.The best part about the meal was that it came with tons of free appetizers - we checked in and got a free house salad. Then the waitress brought us both a free chawanmushi (steamed egg custard with shrimp), free refillable kimchi and radishes, and then two free miso soups.The bill came out to be about $40 before tax and tip. Depending on your budget it might be spendy for dinner for two, but with all the free appetizers it felt like it was worth it. Will definitely come back and would definitely recommend.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. While their menu isn't super deep, they do a fantastic job with the dishes that they offer.  This place is known for their seafood and I really enjoyed their cod soup/stew.  The flavor is light but they did a fantastic job of letting the freshness of the cod really shine with their minimalist approach.Even though fish is their thing, they also did a fantastic job with their spicy pork short rib.  It was perfectly cooked and had a great crispy yet tender texture that really melted in your mouth.  The spicy sauce they use is also really addictive and is a nice contrast to some of the lighter seafood offerings.They also serve a variety of good appetizers such as their oysters and even their french fry basket was very tasty.  Even though this place may seem unassuming, the food is solid and the environment is very cozy.  I wish this place was a tad bigger but honestly that's a minor gripe.  If you want a mix of solid Korean food, good service and pleasant ambiance, this is a a great place to check out.
Very good foods and serviceVery delicious mackerel salmon, everythingFresh ingredients I love it. I'll come again
Stopped by for dinner with the girlfriend and the interior was pretty nice for a Korean place in Murray Hill. Not what you would normally expect.We got the spicy cod soup and pork belly dishes and both were very tasty. I really enjoyed the pork belly. The only suggestion I have is that they season the meat more before cooking it. It definitely could have used more salt.They have couple of drink specials during their happy hour which was from like 5:30-8:30 PM I believe. OB and Hite costs 4 dollars during that time and soju costs 7 bucks. They have most of the soju flavors iirc.All the food here is geared toward drinking but you don't need the drinks to enjoy them.I'd come here again just for the pork belly!
I found this place after searching for dinner places via yelp and I am so glad I found this little gem. Inside is small, probably sit about 20people and it's Japanese Korean fusion inspired food. And let me tell you helpers I am sitting here eating and I love the food. It really is that good. OMG... I a definitely coming back. Plus the service was A+. My two besties whom dine with me also agrees the food is delicious. Also they gave so many freebie and side dishes, soup, salad... just see the photos. I recommend all the food that we ordered especially the hotpot of fish and fish egg rice. Delicious. The eel is A+ too it melts in your mouth. Best fusion restaurant by far that I went to. I would give it more than five stars if I could. Come here you won't be disappointed. Say Jenny from Yelp recommended you here.
Small, but intimate place for a small meal.  Limited selection, but mostly tasty food.
This place offers two free appetizers before our meal which normally would have been $20.  Also the appetizer is very tasty.The main dishes are so amazing - perfect god's creation.I would definitely be back again!! Thanks GUP JI for the awesome meal !!
I haven't been back around this area for a while... so many new places opened up! This seemed like a cute place for a date if you're looking for somewhere nice and cozy. The food was not that impressive though. They didn't have that many options to choose from on the menu. We got a free salad and steamed egg that were complimentary to start the meal. I tried the cheese stick and potato wedges, some fried oysters (which I don't recommend getting.. it didn't taste that fresh). I also ordered a rice dish, mackerel, and pork belly to share. The portion's kind of small and the dishes are a bit pricey compared to other places in Flushing. Pork belly is fine, but if you're getting that I'd recommend going to a real BBQ place instead. There are so many other restaurants nearby that will fill you up. I think this was a pretty unique restaurant in the area but out of all the options around here, this wouldn't be a place I'd come back to.
I came here with my girlfriend. I ordered the steak medium rare and she ordered the salmon. The starter was a free salad we got from checking in on yelp. That was pretty good, flavorful with mangos and avocados added. Next thing that came out was a cute little steamed egg in what looked like a teacup. That was very yummy. The entrees came with rice, miso soup, and kimchi. I didn't love the place but it wasn't horrible. The steak wasn't special but my girlfriend did say that the salmon was really good. I wish they really had more side dishes to add to the experience. The best part of this meal was definitely the service because they were always on top of the water and napkins. Seating was quick too. Maybe because the place was slow but still have to give them credit
Love the cozy intimate decoy. This place is known for its grilled fish. We wanted to try the grilled Chilean sea bass but it was already sold out for the night. We got the grilled pork belly instead and it was delicious! Would come back again to try the Chilean sea bass.Note: check in on yelp to get the free house salad, it was tasty and fresh.
I have played biggest loser against my best friend and had to buy a dinner for losing the bet here at Gupji. We had a fantastic Korean grilled fish at Gupji over the past weekend. Never knew such a hidden gem would be in the good ole' neighborhood of Flushing. Samgyupsal was served masterfully and freshly grilled from the kitchen and deliciously grilled Eel was served in Japanese izakaya styled marinated in sweet & salty(soy?) sauce which I really enjoyed. Also, deliciously grilled Brazino was served with wire thinly sliced pimento sprinkled on the top. I really liked the simple and neat visual of the dish. The bistro also serves Kwak beer, which ironically bears the same name as owner of the bistro Mr. Kwak himself. Lol~.I highly recommend this place if you have tried Korean traditional meal 'HanJungSik' and liked!
I enjoyed many kinds of Great Japanese izakaya style food with one of best sake "dassai 23" So far I have visited twice, I see great improvement overall service. I cant wait to see how much further this place can improve food and service!!
Been here many times and just love this little hidden spot...great service at all times and food never disappoints love it
I love trying new places and it is a perfect place to eat especially since it closes late. The waiter was so nice and attentive whenever we needed something, also very knowledgeable and suggests his recommendations. Definitely try the pork belly and sashimi! Although I wish it had more items on their menu.
This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to with my wife. You can check in to get a free salad and sometimes there is complementary steamed egg and miso soup. We always order the Chilean sea bass and pork belly.. seriously the best thing ever. The chef is great and sometimes give us complementary entrees. For the quality of the food served here, the price is excellent. Check for the occasional specials on the menus, they are usually delicious. Today we got the soft shelled crabs and concha salad along with our usuals. We always leave this place happy and full.
A nice place to visit, great service and the foods are pretty good, my ordered a grilled fish and steak, both are out standing
Coolest spot for late night drinks and hangouts in Murray hill. The food is very well made. Mango house salad was absolutely delicious! AND it was free! Though the assorted fried appetizer wasn't too memorable, and the hot rice pot w fish & pork belly was just okay. The sea bass was excellent. This isn't a traditional dinner spot, but rather good for little plates/appetizer size bites to snack on while getting wasted. Great for group drinking, open super late. Prices are moderate; their apps are ~10-15 while entrees (grilled seafood or meat) are 20s. Small restaurant, nice staff.
This was a really great spot! The entrees were on point and the service was nice too. I recommend the bronzini and their special beef steak.
Come here often. Great little hidden spot in flushing just a one minute walk from the Murray hill lirr station. Great place for a date or catch up with a friend. Intimate setting. Tv always playing latest sport game. Food is healthy,clean and fresh. Homemade fruit soju. Seems like a trendy manhattan spot in flushing. The cream cheese salmon salad and the mango soju and my favs
Amazing dinner experience at Gupji! Got a free house salad when I checked in and it was delicious. Super small and cozy place, but you can really taste the effort that goes into each individual dish. From what i could tell there was pretty much only one chef who was doing all the cooking, but everything came out fairly quickly and every single dish, including the side dishes were great! I wish, they had a little more variety on their menu but it was an amazing and surprising find in a neighborhood full of big kbbq type restaurants.
Bronzini is my favorite. This place is hidden jam in Flushing. Every single piece is thoughtful and delicious. I pretty much go this place every evening with fellow workers. I love here so much.
Amazing food - great place for date night or cozy night w a close friend. Has limited seating which made us feel more special and cared for!
This place is a hidden gem! It's a little small, and is more suitable for a small group or just two. The food here is delicious and fresh, and I'm not a fish lover! I would definitely return and recommend to friends, you won't be disappointed.
I stopped in on the long drive from the Hamptons to Manhattan. A great little place on a block full of interesting places.  I had grilled mackerel, which was delicious, as well as wasabi octopus with sushi seaweed to roll it in.  In a strange way, it tasted like the gefilte fish and horseradish of my youth,  probably because their wasabi tasted like good horseradish.  Got the complimentary salad for checking in with yelp (or at least trying to, as i shower the waitress), as well as that egg custard thing with a bit of shrimp thrown in.. Saw some good looking fried shrimp someone else had. Then walked over to Coffee Factory for dessert, then back on the Grand Central Parkway, a few pounds heavier.
I don't understand why people are rating this place with 5 stars.I came here with with my uncle and dad and we were not satisfied. The dishes are so expensive when they only give a small portion. Not a lot of side dishes either. We felt like we were in Manhattan.
I ate al-bab,seafood combination,fresh water eel and pork belly. Everything was perfect and nice salad and dessert.I want to try another one next time and I strongly recommend this restaurant.b
The boyfriend and I stopped by yesterday for dinner at their opening time. We ordered the spicy tuna salad, and pan fried oysters for starters, and had a branzini and the Chilean sea bass for dinner. Everything was delicious. The branzini was the best I have ever had- crispy skin, flaky, moist, mild meat, with freshly squeezed lemon, just exquisite. Chilean sea bass was buttery, fresh, the glaze they used was soo yummy. Our meal also included some small vegetable side dishes, soup, and some fried fish meat that was on the house. Their soju/sake selection was impressive.. as for beer, they have my fave Aspall dry cider! Yippee. Interior decor was so wonderful on a cold winter night- old school light bulbs, brick walls, carefully selected plateware.. even the music was on point. We will definitely be returning again. Oh, and finding free parking was a breeze. Afterwards, you can take your date to Caffeine Fix or Coffee Factory nearby. I am so happy to find a place near my home.
Great place to have late night dinner with sake and Sonu.  I really like coming here with family and friends.
So the food is not cheap and the portion is literally baby size. Taste is also not great the spicy dishes are literally just spicy and salty. I ordered spicy pork skin dish and it was by far the worse food I ever ate. Bathroom was my friend for the next 5 hours. Please go elsewhere
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything about it, the foods,4)3 sake, the service the free extra dishes we got...open kitchen was fun too watch them serve hot foods right out of the kitchen. Def my new favorite Korean place!!!
Love it!!! Such a nice restaurant in Flushing. Enjoy time spent there. Food absolutely goooodd!!! Very detailed and deliciousss ^ ^ love their salmon! Will definitely go back again with friends . ;)
Best sea food place ever!! The salmon and sea bass are to die for. I've been to this restaurant three times and I haven't tried something that wasn't good or looking great. Definitely worth to try. Besides the amazing food, the servers are very nice, polite and on point.
Good and calm atmosphere.Good sea food.Good beer and sake. This place offer good korean food with a little taste of japanese izakaya. Not for people who love korean BBQ but those who appreciate korean cuisine besides grilled meat will enjoy this place!
Excellent food and service, can't remember exactly what I ordered but I think it was the Glazed Red Snapper and the Eel dish(only one Eel dish), total came out to be $40. Also receive 3-4 service dishes from the chef. He came up to us and thanked us.
the albap was the best ive had around.  interesting use of various different fish eggs brought out a unique flavor.  the mackerel jorim was awesome. nuf said.  their pumpkin desert was well done, simple, yet sophisticated.  cant wait to try out the other dishes they have on the menu.  great for either grabbing drinks with a group or for a nice cozy date.  service was fantastic as well.  strongly recommended.
Came here base on Yelp review. Not your typical Korean food. Perfect cooked and grilled seafood is as good as it get. Fresh and well seasoned. Great food presentation. Good attentive and friendly service. Will go back and try out other dishes.
This place is the kind of gem that I only want to keep to myself. The food was unique, authentic and all the right kinds of amazing. The service was both attentive and sweet.
This place is fantastic, not what you'd expect in Flushing.  The foods were fresh and tasty.  Their grilled Chilean sea bass was to die for.
