Pho Best is a no frills Viet-Chinese place in a new-ish Flushing mall (Arcadia mall). The Pho is delicious, the service is polite and curt. The staff is mostly Chinese. My friend was craving Pho so she choose this place.We shared the Vietnamese summer rolls. I ordered the Fresh rib eye and Tendon Pho + roasted bone marrow. The pho was almost as good as I've had in Philly (instagram.com/p/Bh2Ohs_n…). The bone marrow is enormous (mine was the size of my forearm). The pho's beef broth is rich and savory. The noodles were perfectly blanched and had a good snap in the umami broth. The ribeye was plentiful. I wish there was more tendon.The bone marrow was good- it was roasted and caramelized. It was sprinkled with sugar but it wasn't necessary for the pho. We were offered complimentary coconut jello with yellow split peas. Just like my mom likes it.My friends ordered the Viet coffee. That looked so cool with the coffee dripping into the cup from a metal apparatus and then the waiter mixes it for you. I want to return for more Pho and to try the Viet coffee. instagram.com/snackchatn…
I have to give Yelp some credit where credit is due: I neverrrrr would have found this place if not for Yelp. I was actually born and raised in Flushing, but now live in the city... so I'm out of the loop. Good thing there's Yelp to come in the clutch when I'm visiting my parents in Flushing and craving some decent pho and spring rolls. And come in the clutch Yelp did! This place was worth the 4 star hype. I was deciding between Pho Best I and Pho Best II (both of which I found on Yelp) and the reviews steered me towards this location. The consensus seemed to be that the broth and chef here were better. The reviews were right. This location is great. The servers are nice and the food is straight up delicious. My parents and I ordered:- grilled chicken noodle soup - got rave reviews from my Dad. He said the chicken was very flavorful and seasoned well. He can't eat red meat, s I'm really happy he was pleased- classic pho with well done meat - my mom slurped the entire thing up. Nothing was left. - grilled beef noodle soup - this is what I got. The broth was really tasty. The beef itself was actually the only thing I didn't 100% love because it was kind of greasy and forgettable- grilled pork chop - we got this to share a the table. This was the best thing we ordered. Sooooooo delicious and tasty - spring rolls to share - ok first of all - they only give you literally 2 mint leaves with the order. For 8 spring rolls. Weird. But at lease they obliged when I asked for more mint leaves. The spring rolls were good, not great. They could be improved. Everything was reasonably priced, which I appreciate greatly. But even with the two areas of possible improvement (spring rolls and grilled beef), this place was still solid 4 stars quality. Exactly like Yelp said it would be... Will be back for more grilled pork chops and noodle soup.
I guess the area is not for me. I don't like how hard it is to drive to the area and parking on the street is terrible. There is always traffic by the area. I wonder if Pho Best validates the parking. My friend told me no they don't because she was wondering the same thing. That is not why I dropped it a star though. I got a dried out lime where visually you can tell the lime is dry. Okay which is fine. I just asked for more but when she brought out a brand new plate of limes..they all were dried out. My pho was cold by the time this all played out. I still could not get any limes with juice in it. The portion size for the rice dishes I find a bit small too for the price in comparison to other places. Also the fried squid was very small portioned for the price. Squid is very cheap as a product. My bf ordered the pho and his barely had much meat on it. I was surprised by the portion size of the meat.My Vietnamese friend told me the staff is not Vietnamese, but to me that doesn't matter. If it matters to you if they are Vietnamese or not, they are Chinese.
Don't get the large pho unless you're absolutely starving and haven't eaten the whole day, or else you'll stuff yourself silly and feel like an angry birds about to explode (not that I've experienced it).Pho best is located in Arcadia mall, a little walk from the 7 train. The space looks better than average and clean. Service was also a step above normal. The menu is comprehensive. With the great prices and food quality, I know I will be back to try different offerings!#1 with bone marrow +$3LARGE bowl of beefy goodness (maybe even good for 2?) With generous cuts of beef, some tendons and tripe. The broth itself was perfect - savory, not salty. I have to say, the marrow elevated each bite, it's genius to have this as extra!My brother got the lobster pho ($15) and was satisfied with it. He said the shrimp spring rolls were pretty good too!
Located inside the unpopular Arcadia Mall, I would've never known this place existed if it weren't for social media.  Despite showing up at an odd meal time (Saturday at 3pm), our party of two still had to wait about 15 minutes for a table because the place was packed.  This was a little annoying especially since there is only 1-hour street parking in the area.  Expect to leave mid-meal to feed the meter.The standard pho here is more expensive than you would find at other pho shops in the area and the broth is a bit different--darker and more full-bodied.  Of course, we tried each of their claims to fame, the lobster pho ($14.95) and the bone marrow ($3).  The lobster pho came with noodles, broth, and a whole lobster, which were all tasty, but as expected, very inconvenient to eat; breaking down the lobster was very messy.  As for the bone marrow, I can see why people would like it, but I personally found it to be overly salty and sickeningly fatty.  I'm not a fan.In addition, we also got the grilled beef appetizer ($6.95) and another bowl of rib eye, brisket, tendon, and tripe pho ($8.25).  The beef appetizer was sweet and savory and tender--YUM!  And the beef pho was just as good as the lobster one.
The place is inside the Arcadia Mall off of Franklin and Main.I typically hesitate in going to eat in places located in Flushing because the neighborhood is so dirty. However, I had multiple people recommend this place and also the yelp reviews persuaded me to try it.I'm glad I listened. It was definitely delicious. The pho broth is delicious and NOT salty! Amen! Bone Marrow is a must. The crab patty is also delicious even tho the presentation for me looked a bit unappealing.The vermicelli plate with meat and spring rolls was good, the meat was a bit tough but taste was great.The lamb and pork were fantastic! Try it!Over all we loved this place. And its priced super fairly. The service is fine also.Oh yes and the fresh lemonade is so YUMMY as well as the ice coffee. Just go and try it!
After Black Label Donuts popup in Pesso's, definitely, lunch time so one of my friends suggested Pho Best and both of them written amazing reviews so I couldn't wait to pop that cherry today. There's a parking garage that connects to the Arcadia Mall because on the weekends you are lucky to even try to find a parking space on the streets in Flushing. Pho Best is on the first floor in the Arcadia Mall. I spotted an empty 4 seater in the corner by the window. My two friends ordered Fresh Rib Eye Big Bowl: Brisket, Tripe, Tendon and I ordered Fresh Rib Eye and Tendon. I only saw two pieces of tendon though in my Pho but the broth base was delicious as TC pointed out to me. I love combining Sriracha and Hoisin Sauce into my Pho...I need the extra flavor haha and Oooo they gave you many slices of Rib Eye mmmm I love meat! I wasn't able to eat the complimentary coconut dish because I am allergic sadly so my friends split mine. Overall a yummy Pho spot so bookmark it baby!
No faux pas here, pho best lives up to its name and then some. They are doing things right here. The pho broth is satisfyingly rich and full of that savory and robust beefy flavor pho addicts crave for.Located in Arcadia Mall you would figure any pho restaurant in a mall setting would be mediocre at best, boy was I wrong! Pho Best stakes it's claim here and by the taste and likes of it will be here for the long haul.I ordered the extra large bowl of pho which comes with cuts of uber delicious and tender rib eye, brisket, tendon and tripe. It may sound silly but the meat is draped over the pho in such a way that it's drool worthy. The meat is thinly sliced and will literally melt in your mouth. One taste of the broth and meat and you will be hooked phoever! We ordered a variety of different pho and they were all delish, the secret as all pho lovers know is the broth. You know you must be doing something right when you notice most bowls going back to the kitchen are empty.We ordered the bbq chicken vermicelli which is prepared with peanuts, pickled daikon, carrots, cucumbers and bean sprouts. The chicken was moist and seasoned perfectly.I love the coffee here. I actually got a full glass of Viet coffee brought to my table already filtered through. My past experience with these little filters were a crap shoot, the coffee either filtered through, or would get stuck and take an eternity to pass through like a bad kidney stone. I think most of the coffee is already brewed in the back and brought out for the last few drips as it completely finishes it's journey through the filter.Great service complete with smiling and friendly servers. Pho Best for now is IMHO the Best place in Queens to get your Pho fix!
Pho best restaurant definitely offers the best bowl of pho in Queens.  I came here during a snowstorm and it was pretty empty. I came here with a group of approximately 8 people.  We ordered and our food came out really fast.  The spring roll with fish sauce is on point and was a huge hit at our table.  It disappeared in seconds.  Majority of the table ordered the lobster and pho, and for $15 you get pho and a whole lobster cooked to perfection.  I feel like the lobster and pho was the best bang for the buck.  A few others ordered the typical beef pho.  And if you want you can add a bone marrow for $3.  It definitely does add an extra element of richness to your soup.  For $3? It's worth a try.  So go for it!!Most of the people at our table was not able to finish their food, that's how big the portions were.  I can't wait to come back, I'll definitely be returning soon.  Also as a bonus, they give you free dessert as other reviewers has mentioned, I got the coconut jello with red bean, which I really enjoyed because it was delicious and free!  With great food and customer service, this place hopefully will be around for many years to come.
My partner-in-crime and I were craving for pho and we decide to try this place out, thanks to the photos! This is a quiet, open restaurant in Arcadia Mall and it was not crowded on a Friday evening. Decor is industrial-like especially the golden clock piece on the wall. The place was also well-kept that it is very clean. The food comes in big portions and it is not expensive at all! We ordered the following: Vietnamese Iced Drip Coffee; Fried Spring Rolls; #2 Pho with Fresh Rib Eye, Brisket, Tendon, and Tripe; Whole Lobster Pho; Bone Marrow; and Crab Patty.Both pho dishes had very fresh ingredients I am in love with the texture of the vermicelli, I like the soft and smooth. I do like the rich rice flavor in the vermicelli. Broth could be more flavorful but I have no complaints. The regular beef pho broth was more flavorful than the lobster. The lobster was more clean and light. Bone Marrow added a rich flavor to both of our pho so I definitely recommend it! Both bowls were really big and it did a great job satisfying our cravings. Fried Spring Rolls were freshly fried but it was not greasy at all. Crab Patty tasted more like pork but it was a nice side dish to try. Vietnamese Iced Drip Coffee. It was a nice experience seeing it drip right in front of me. The coffee was bold and dark. It comes with condensed milk in the bottom and I could've used more to cut the bitterness. Service was excellent. Staff members were very welcoming and friendly since my very first step into the restaurant. Teas were being refilled and dishes were taken away in a timely manner. Awesome!Yes, we would come back!
Located in the Arcadia Mall on the ground level. We had lunch here on a Saturday and was seated right away. No wait at all. The restaurant is very clean. Service was quick. We had chicken chop with rice, summer rolls and typical pho noodles. Broth was tasty. Good amount of noodles. We also ordered pork chop with rice along with crab meat and egg for take out. Unfortunately they messed up on the ordered and gave us pork chop with rice only. The pork chop was a little hard and dry. I'm sure it was prob just miscommunication. Their summer roll was on point. Price was decent.I would definitely return and try their pho with bone marrow. It look delicious.
We thought the food was very good. Although not all bone marrow had marrow. The lobster was surprisingly fresh. Not sure how all the other businesses stay open in this mall. The spring rolls were extremely good. Skins were light and crispy. Service was also good. W came in the afternoon on a weekday.
It's gimmicky, I'll say. Lobsta & oven roasted bone marrow for your pho? Unheard of--but fun and delicious.Quite reasonably priced too. I won't say much more than that, in case owners think "hrmmm mayybe we should jack this up a notch".The broth? Healthy I think--not dosed up with MSG. Could use a little more salt/fish sauce/something to be saltier. It's definitely beefy though. I came out without feeling the need to drink a gallon of water. Probably a good sign.
I wouldn't classify this place as authentic Viet, but neither is Ginger & Lemongrass. However, I would say Pho Best is more authentic than G&L. I love how huge the pho is and that it includes tendons, tripe and brisket and much cheaper than G&L even with the bone marrow. I think the broth could use more flavor as it wasnt as rich as I wanted it to be. In terms of appetizers, the calamari was crispy and not too chewy, the crispy shrimp spring rolls were huge and contains actual whole shrimp. Beef cubed over rice was tender and juicy, and again massive portions!  Great prices makes this place a must try! They even have a whole lobster option for $15..wow. I will definitely be back to try more items. Plus free dessert at the end of the meal (coconut pudding with yellow beans).
Pho Best really is the best, Pho.Place can be easy to miss since they only have one sign in the front of the Arcadia Mall on Main Street.  The best way to enter is to go through Dunkin Donuts and Pho Best will be on the left.Ordered the $15 Lobster Pho and the Beef Brisket Pho ($8) with extra bone marrow ($3).The lobster pho is probably the best bang for you buck since they give you a small/medium sized lobster and a ton of noodles.  The broth was very unique and every sip was like sipping a piece of lobster, without having lobster shells in your mouth.  It can get messy eating a whole lobster and eating pho at the same time, but the meat was sure tasty and fresh.Beef Brisket pho was on the oily side, I think the bone marrow made it extra greasy, but it added a ton of depth and flavor into the broth.  Generous portion of noodles and your regular fixings and pho garnishments like Thai basil and sprouts with lime.After the meal, we were served with complimentary dessert.  We had the red bean flan/pudding.Service was great and our waters were always filled.
Came back again for brunch! Tried their bbq squid, shrimp pineapple fried rice, some sort of stir fried clams, and lemon grass fillet mignon. (Listed by most favored to least)It seems like they know what they are doing with their bbq stuff! Great flavor and texture!The stir fried clams were tasty but a little undercooked. Which wasn't a big problem bc you could just send it back and they will happily cook it longer for u. The lemon grass fillet mignon did not taste viet lolll. It was like that Chinese-viet fusion stuff; it tastes alright but not what I was expecting from the usual viet lemon grass dishes.
The pho broth is decent. Their sliced beef is very tender and I like that you can add different sides to your pho. Portions are very reasonable. Its a good place to go for a quick meal and satisfying one. I like the free dessert at the end of the meal.
Pho Best is one of the better Vietnamese restaurant chains in New York City -- and its Arcadia Mall location feels like the more comfortable of the chain's two Flushing locations.What We've Had:- 'Fresh Rib Eye Big Bowl: Brisket, Tripe, Tendon' (火車頭一號牛肉粉 -- 'Train Pho #1'), with Bone Marrow: Very large portion, with a very good broth. The bone marrow (an extra $3) is presented on a very large bone, from which you then scrap the bone marrow into the soup. While bone marrow does enhance the flavor of the soup, the bone itself gets in the way of eating. This 'Train Pho #1' does well without the bone marrow, too.- Grilled Chicken with Rice (燒雞飯): Very good, with well-marinated chicken and juicy chicken.- Lobster Pho (原隻龍蝦): The lobster is a bit chewy, but the dish is a great value at $14.95.
Pho Best is still good... but not the best in Flushing. This place is great if your want quantity but for quality and authenticity, there's a new spot. My first time here, I really enjoyed the food, huge bowl of pho with lobster for cheap? Gotta love it and if I wanted that again, I'll definitely come back for that; and I loved the pork chops, but the second time I had it wasn't as great as the first. Perhaps I had so much more? No, it had less char grilled flavor. Still good and an excellent deal - 3 pork chops with side salad for $7.25. I got a side of fried rice for $3.5. L chose filet mignon with shrimp rice vermicelli. The filet was so soft, barely had to chew, but we both agreed that it would've tasted better if it had the same marinade as the pork chops. Wasn't a fan of the sauce but once everything was mixed, it was tasty nonetheless. They gave us water when we sat down, but I would've preferred hot tea. I noticed the other tables with only Asian customers received hot tea. Perhaps they shouldn't assume that if there's an non-Asian In your party that they would like tap water... so we ordered coconut water. I do not drink tap. I guess I could've asked for hot tea.
I'm glad I found this place. Thanks to Chun M. for posting review and pictures. The food looks instagram worthy especially the lobster pho! Omg. After seeing the picture I went the following day for lunch. The place is inside the mall. Its new and clean and we got seated right away. For drinks I got the lemonade and its really what I want. Its a bit sour and sweet. We start off with 2 types of appetizer: vietnamese crispy spring rolls 8 pieces for $9.50. Its very crispy from the outside and flavorful in the inside. I got the spider summer rolls with soft shell crab $8.95. I love soft shell crab and this is perfect. For main dish I got the pho with brisket and added the bone marrow. This is so worth it. I got the small size but its huge! You can share up to 2 people. The broth, the texture of the meat and the bone marrow is just so amazingly tasty! My bf got the lobster pho and he enjoyed everything! The lobster is so tender and delicious. I tried some of this and surely I'll order this next time we go back. For dessert I got their plan but its not really that good. Don't get any dessert because they give some complimentary dessert after. Its a coconut puddling.This place is great!  fast service and delicious food.
Pho Best? We'll see about that.  There's another one to go with the one on Prince St? There's no street entrance at this location, but it's nestled inside the new Arcadia Mall on Main St, so go all the way in and you'll see it. Or take a short cut through the AT&T store. You have to try the standard by which all pho places are judged, the #1 Locomotive 火車頭. Broth is dark, rich, beefy, with that perfect aroma combination of star anise, cinnamon and cloves. It's like they boiled down the bones of an entire cow into this bowl.  Rice noodles have the perfect chewy give and clump as you slurp and bite. And the giant bowl is loaded with plenty of Beef!  The beef eye round is so tender, you can pull it apart with a tug of your chopsticks. Along with the sliced brisket, beef tripe & tendon. This is quite possibly the best bowl of pho! (At least in Queens) You might think $9.25 is a little steep but it is totally worth it! Next time I'm going to add the roasted marrow bone ($3). Know what else is cool?  They have solved the problem of burning fingers while serving giant steaming bowls of scalding soup. Engineering solution: bring each bowl out on its own wooden serving platform! The dais also raises the bowl closer to your mouth which makes slurping easier and less mess. Flavor, elegance and ergonomics all designed into one meal!Match that with a side of Vietnamese spring rolls and you have the perfect lunch on a cold winter's day. Must come back to try the rest of the menu though. Complimentary mung bean gelatin for dessert? How nice is that!
Pho Best differentiates itself by offering a modern flair to traditional Vietnamese dishes and is definitely worthy of a few photos. - Pork chop with rice - perfectly seasoned and comes in 3 pieces, highly recommend- Grilled chicken with rice - same as above and unbelievably juicy, this is better than most restaurants- Vermicelli with spring rolls and pork chop - very flavorful, with pickled garlic and daikon radish, interesting vinegar taste that lingers in your mouth for hours after- Classic pho - generous portion and pretty much amazing - Shrimp spring roll appetizer - jumbo sized shrimp wrapped and fried, I actually prefer this over the traditional version I also appreciate the complementary dessert, although the coconut curd was not that great, it's the gesture that counts. I hope they are able to expand in the mall because it does seem a bit tight in there sometimes.
LOBSTER PHO!!! Yes, you read that right, LOBSTER in pho! For only $15, this is totally worth it. It's literally a whole lobster swimming in a bowl of pho. The lobster itself tastes pretty fresh and has a nice bite to it. They do a good job of not overcooking it. It does get messy, but who cares, it's lobster. I just wish there were some slices of beef in the pho or have that as an add-on option because I felt that it didn't have enough meat from the lobster for the amount of noodles. Been here twice and learned from the first time to order a grilled pork chop on the side, but I'd much rather have beef slices.Moving on to the Pho with everything (the first option) and bone marrow add-on: bomb.com. Love the bone marrow, it adds such a nice creamy texture to the broth. The best part about this is that they have plenty of beef slices!Took off one star because the broth itself is a little lacking. It's good, but not the best I've had, and trust me, I've had a lot of pho. Also, the bowl is big and they give a lot of soup, but honestly, it's not as much food as it may seem. For reference I'm a 5ft Asian girl with a normal appetite and I finished the whole thing.I brought my BF's family here and they really liked this spot -- that says a lot because they're a super picky Asian family. Overall, would recommend!!
Omg this place was soooo good and super cheap! I got the vermicelli salad with pork chop and my husband for the lobster pho with bone marrow. Both were really good and super filling. The portions are HUGE so don't get crazy and order a bunch of things thinking it'll be small portions for the price. I almost made that mistake and I'm sure glad I didn't. The service was super quick too. I came here on a Sunday night so i can't speak for other days.Note: this place is inside Arcadia Mall. It's tucked in the corner, next to the Dunkin Donuts. I was having a pregnancy craving for some Vietnamese food when i found this place on yelp. No one really speaks English but it's enough to get by. The staff is really sweet and helpful. I definitely plan on coming back.
Pho best has become my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in flushing. The atmosphere is very clean, airy and the food is super flavorful. I came here with 2 girlfriends early evening on a Monday, there was plenty of seating at this time. We ordered the following dishes: Traditional Pho with the $3 bone marrowRice Vermichelli with Pork Chop Seafood Vietnamese noodles We all picked from each other's dishes, & couldn't stop raving about our choices. Everything was very delicious, full of flavor and extremely generous in portion. We can't wait to return and try out other items on the menu.
Pho Best is one of the more modern decor and nicer pho spots in flushing. While keeping the prices at affordable, they have clean bathrooms and polite staffs unlike many of the other pho spots in the area. The #1 pho broth is super beefy compared to that of the pork chop pho, which is more clean and less meaty-tasting. The portions were comparable to that of other pho spots and definitely a filling meal. We could have done without the shrimp rolls appetizer, but were intrigued by all the raves about them. Unfortunately, we didn't really think they were anything special and would prefer the traditional Vietnamese spring rolls. They tasted like the spring rolls you get at dim sum. The pho came out super fast, while the shrimp spring roll took some time (as they were probably making them fresh). Overall, I enjoyed my meal at Pho Best and would most likely return for more Vietnamese food.
Best Pho? No. So why 5 stars?Because I said so. No, but really I couldn't really find a flaw in this place. Ok so the people that work here mostly are Chinese and not really Vietnamese. But then again Asian is Asian right?WRONG!This place is legit good though. Portion size was exactly what I was looking for to fit the bill. I CAN EAT. Namaste.The flavor of the broth wasn't overly rich and certainly was NOT bland. It was a really good balance. The toppings of course adds to the overall dish. Now, sometimes when you go to Vietnamese places or pho places and you ask your meat to be well done, they look at your funny. Here, they just do it because that is what's up. And while not all meat tastes great fully cooked, unless it's a fine steak, Wagyu or Kobe, or even a well marinated one, do yourself a favor and ask for well done. Why?Because inferior cuts just tastes better that way, in my opinion. The service. Quick efficient and no bullsh*t. The space was plentiful. Now, it is located inside Arcadia Mall and while you don't have to go through the double doors of the mall to find the place. It is the most polite way to do it. Because Tous Les Jours, this herbal store, among others have a direct back entrance that you can go through to enter the mall.Saves time? 20 seconds saved...maybe.FAN.
Pho Best is a nice welcome to the outskirts of Flushing. It competes with a dumpling galaxy, a tous les jours, niu pot hot pot & a fujianese restaurant for customers and has a basement parking lot. There is far less foot traffic in this lesser known strip mall so less wait time for your food!! Restrooms for all customers are located in the basement as well.It was pretty empty on a Wednesday night but I could see great potential during weekday lunch hours being as it is surrounded by medical offices and nearby businesses. The menu has your typical vietnamese pho, vermicelli, banh mi's, & cubed beef rice dishes. I wish they had a chicken or vegetable broth option for their pho noodle soup. They messed up our orders twice but replaced our food fairly quickly. The bf and I both each ordered pho's. One beef and one grilled chicken with a side order of crab patty. The broth was pretty clean tasting and flavorful. It was served with the standard plate of bean sprouts, thai basil and limes but no jalapenos. I love adding jalepenos to my pho broth so that was disappointing. The spider summer roll was tasty but I wouldn't order it again. We got free coconut mung bean desserts at the end. That was a nice touch from Pho Best.They take credit cards so thats a plus.
Nice addition to Flushing! The Phó is pretty good. The broth is clear and not overly rich & oil. The bowl (esp. #1 Big Phó)  is a bit big for the amount of noodles but it's still a good amount enough to fill you up.   While this is a decent tasty Phó, it isn't the best we've had but it's good to satisfy your needs.Aside from the traditional Phó with sliced beef & tendon, you can also get it with chicken, pork, fish balls etc. it's a nice variety. We added bone marrow to our Phó for $3 extra and thought that we could prob skip it next time. It was just for show as it was just bone was pretty empty.  Otherwise, would def come back to try other dishes.
1. Big bowl: beef brisket, ribeye, & tripeThis came out almost instantly. It was good but the broth could be richer. My friend devoured it, so that's a good sign. 2. Filet Mignon & shrimp w/ rice vermicelli:We had to wait nearly 25 minutes for this dish.The filet Mignon was well marinated. There were only three pieces of shrimp. The rice vermicelli, bean sprouts, and other greens made the whole dish itself very well- balanced. 3. Tom yum clams:Terrible, terrible, TERRIBLE. The colors were so nice, but the sauce tasted so weird and the clams are way too small for this kind of dish. Medium-sized clams would have been better. Free complimentary dessert:It was a cute little piece of cake, aw. I do appreciate the gesture. However, it does not suit the theme of the restaurant. Other: I wish the waiters came around to refill our drinks. Other than that, everything was pretty good. I would come back again when I'm in the mood for some good Vietnamese food. :)
If you are unfamiliar with Queens at all, like me, it may be difficult to find this little eatery inside the Arcadia mall. Using navigation "you have arrived at your destination" and I still continued to circle the block unsure where it was(See photo) plus parking is like, the worst. Side streets people!So I walked two blocks and found the building (recessed from the rest)Fyi, the bathrooms are downstairs. The staff are polite and my Pho big bowl was served quickly. The marrow bone is a nice touch for extra nutrients which I just love. The broth had a slightly stronger taste of anise then I've had before. The marrow added some depth. I also had a lemon ice tea which was unsweetened. I would return if I was in the neighborhood, the other menu items(and what I saw other people dining) looked top notch.
Came here with the husband on a Friday for a lunch date just to try their pho and such.This new place did not disappoint us at all, especially the crispy shrimp spring roll, which was out of this world.......... delicious, light, extra crispy, and beyond FRESH!!! We loved it so much that we thought a small order of 4 pieces was NOT ENOUGH! =DThe restaurant is very clean and comfortable, located on the first floor of the Arcadia Mall (black building). For the Pho, my husband gave it a 3. Kinda too oily but the taste of the soup was there. He liked the noodle they used. Too bad the husband and I are not really into bone marrows because heard you can order your bowl of pho with a whole piece of bone marrow with extra charge. It did look cool though.Oh we saw the table next to us ordered a bowl of noodle with a whole lobster! Wow, so fulfilling for lunchtime! It did look very fresh and yummilicious!For the grilled pork vermicelli, I gave it a 3.5. It was super neat that they served the food on a clay pot. I liked the ingredients used and the vegetable selections. Best thing is they don't automatically include cucumber which I'm highly allergic to! No need to even ask them to remove it for me yay ;)For the crispy shrimp spring roll, we both gave it a 5!!!!! Absolutely loved every bite of it!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!The dishes come in generous BIG portions! I had trouble finishing my dish and I'm eating for two haha The service is very good. They have some attentive staff who refills your water and tea without asking. They also have friendly smiles on their faces. They sure know how to make their customers happy and satisfied. Happy customer happy life lolThe husband and I must go back to try other things on the menu!!We also have to go back for the most amazing crispy shrimp spring roll. Can I eat the regular Vietnamese spring roll after this? That's debatable hahahahaha ;D
Pho Best, maybe not, but it's decent.  Located in the Arcadia Mall, it's been some time since a new player has entered in the Viet food scene in Flushing and although it's not great, it's got potential The space is modern and clean.  On the day I went, it just so happened that the health department was inspecting and I got to watch as the inspector seemed to be giving them an "A", which is good for all prospective diners.  The service here is also pretty good as they're polite and quick.Food here is OK but IMO not great.  There's a pretty extensive menu but of course I had to try the pho.  The quality of the meat is pretty good, the portions large but the broth is a bit weak which is critical to any bowl of pho.  The broth is just lacking the depth of an authentic bowl prepared by authentic Viet restaurants, which leaves it a bit lacking.  Prices are fair and there's a complimentary dessert which is a nice touch.  Definitely has some room for improvement but on the plus side, it's a nice cleaner option to the other Viet places in Flushing.
Loved the food, but please do something about the chairs! Yes, the chairs. But before I get to that I will say that the pho was the best I've had in Queens in a long time. The bone marrow pho bowl is an exercise in decadence. It is presented neatly a top a wooden tray complete with spoon rest. The broth was flavorful, the meat slices thin, the veggie toppings plentiful, and the large bone with marrow exposed ready to be spooned our delicious. We also ordered the crispy squid which arrived atop fresh mint leaves and diced pepper. It was crunchy and just the right level of salty. We followed that up with summer rolls which came neatly packed with shrimp and finished off with clams in basil sauce. Back to the chairs... Everything was good, and it's too bad the chairs offered such a poor seating experience. I swear it's like the backs curved inwards. Unless you sit straight as a board you just want to get out of the chair, which is too bad because there so much good food to enjoy.
This location is inside the Arcadia mall. I've been to the one on Prince St twice, and it's exactly the same menu. The bone marrow is not good - so congealed and solid, doesn't melt into the broth the way Ginger and Lemongrass' does. The #1 pho is pretty good and it's my go-to! I like that they give you a lot of beef! But I don't like their spring rolls (skin is too thick and chewy) or anything else they offer except the #1 pho. Also, $1.75 extra for ONE wing and $3.50 extra for ONE tiny lambchop?!?!?!?!??! Don't do the add-ons!
Finally a decent pho place in flushing! It seems like it just open not that long ago, inside a small food/shopping center. They don't have an actual sign on the outside, so it was a little difficult to find. I eat pho a lot and this place did not disappoint. Me and my sister got the #2 pho on the menu, there's only one size. You can pay more to add on bone marrow, pork chop, etc. Broth was good, you can taste it was cooked for a long time and that it's not just salt or msg. Giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because the cups they use to pour tea and utensils seems very old and dirty. There were cracks on our cups and spoons were given to us with stains. That is definitely something they need to improve on. Other than that, service was quick and staff was friendly.
Decided to try this place rather than go to our usual pho in downtown flushing. Nice civilized atmosphere. Lots of families with young children. Service was very polite and attentive. However the food is just not the best Vietnamese you can get in flushing. The pho broth was a bit weak and the rice noodles were a bit over cooked. The pork rice vermicelli was served in a lovely stone bowl but also lacking the usual punch of flavors. Fried spring rolls did not come with mint or fish sauce. Shrimp sugar cane was cold in the center like it was just superficially reheated. Come here for a nice experience and ok food with good presentation. Go to downtown flushing across the library for really delicious food in a dingy environment.
Pros:- portions are big (the regular size is pretty big and the large is huge)- the spider summer roll was very yummy (the peanut sauce is excellent here) but I still prefer the freshness of a classic shrimp summer roll - the pho bowls include tripe!- prices on the pre-opening menu are very reasonable but will probably go up- I love the free dessert they served (some sort of coconut pudding) Cons:- the beef bone add on is literally just a bone; hardly any meat or bone marrow on there. Not even worth the $3 pre-opening price- I wish there are other options for pho, like grilled meat or beef ball, for people who don't like the regular beef slicesOverall: broth and noodles were good but like any other pho place. Impressed with the peanut sauce and will return for the jumbo shrimp summer roll. The grilled pork-chop add-on is yummy and worth it!
Pros:Very generous portions. A lot of meat in their pho as well as noodles!They offer a small dessert at the end for free.Cons:The bone marrow isn't as worth as you think. The bone is big however there might not be much bone marrow inside!I got the rack of lamb with my pho which tasted very good but it was very small as well. I've been here twice so far and I definitely think their pho is good for the price. If you wanna get their extra things with the pho it's fun for an experience but I don't personally think it's as worth the money. With that being said I also really wanna try their lobster pho, I've heard good things about that!
this is probably one of the best place to get vietnamese food in Flushing. Coming from Philadelphia where Pho is the best thing ever, I noticed that Flushing lacked a really good pho place.Thus far this place has the best pho, but if you're not a pho person, they also have really good rice dishes.
BEST RIBEYE STEAK IN PHO! No other pho place actually give you ribeye this juicy and deliciously textured!I think it's my new favorite pho spot to cure hangover in flushing now.The broth with the added bone marrow tasted much more fatty and you get more of that grilled aroma, it's great if that's what you're looking for.The iced Viet coffee was watered down :/ and yes I've drained the water from the ice before mixing.. BUT they do give you a small complimentary dessert at the end!
Not that bad, just average pho. I grew up eating a Pho Bang my entire life and I decided to try this place for convenience. I ordered the same thing that I usually do which is pho with grilled pork with the Vietnamese crispy spring rolls. The price is pretty average to what I am used to. The bowls were huge as well but my bowl of pho had very little noodles. The ratio was 1:4 in terms of noodles to soup which was pretty disappointing. Another issue that I have is that the flavor is pretty bland and just doesn't stand a chance to Pho Bang (i hate to compare but this is what i am experienced with). Same thing with the spring rolls, it was just crispy and the filling didn't really taste like anything. The only thing is that the restaurant is very clean and aesthetically pleasing but I do not think I will be returning here and I will stick to my original to-go place.
I have always seen pictures of a particular pho dishes with a huge bone marrow within. Not until now did I find that this dish is found here. I had huge expectations and it sure matched it. The bone marrow really gave the dish a new taste. With only 3 dollars more, it's sure worth the experience. My next dish will definitely be the lobster within the pho.
First time eating at Pho Best. I ordered Spring Rolls & Pork over Rice Vermicelli. No bean sprouts or scallions. Served on a wooden pedestal box, a tiny bit of vinaigrette and chopsticks.I ate part of it for lunch at the restaurant, and the other half for dinner at home. Everything, even the vermicelli, had seasoning thus every bite was tasty. However when I was eating the rest for dinner, I wished for plain vermicelli to balance all the flavors. The carrots were pickled, daikon was pickled & slightly spicy, the pickled garlic was edible but not something I enjoyed eating all of. Lastly, the seasonings of this entree left an after taste in my mouth that night and the next morning. Took two rounds of teeth brushing to get rid of it.We also ordered the house special or Chef's special Calamari. Squid is perfectly cooked. It's topped with crispy bits of shallot, sauteed but slightly greasy scallion, a few diced pcs of green pepper and served on bed of fresh crispy lettuce leaves. You have to order this. The perfect bite is squid on top of a Lettuce leaf, shallot bits, scallion bits; crispy against texture of perfectly cooked squid = delicious.I'll be back though. I want to try the Brisket & Tendon Pho. If I do, that'll be the 2nd Photo in my life.
$15 for a whole lobster??? YES PLEASE. The only con is that it's extremely hard to get the meat out of the small parts such as the claws. There's a lot of noodle and broth even without the lobster. Extremely filling. Came early morning on a Friday and the waiter made sure to change the dishes often enough so we could get rid of the pieces that were eaten already. There's free dessert too!!! It came out to be $19 after tip and tax. Definitely worth it.
Located inside Arcadia mall, i like how there's a parking lot conveniently located downstairs. What drew to me this place was the lobster pho. Whole lobster in my pho! For $14.95 it was not bad. They cracked the shell for you so it wasnt too messy to eat. There's many add ons as well like bone marrow, wings, lambchop, crab patty etc. The lobster pho wasn't as flavorful as the regular beef one. But I still enjoyed it. Generous portions, lots of noodles. Staff was great and also gave us free dessert. Was it the best pho i've ever had,  no but it warmed my stomach on a very cold winter day.
Pho soup wasn't great or bad, it was ok. It tasted a little like the soup stock out of a can. Of course as a Vietnamese person, bad pho is very obvious to me. This place wasn't bad, wasn't amazing. I came for the bone marrow addition to the pho and that was definitely worth it. The price is more reasonable than Ginger and Lemongrass for a bowl of bone marrow pho (although you do get what you ask for in terms of soup quality). I add a lot of sriracha and lemon to my pho anyway so this place was fine for me. Good piece of marrow too! Place was a one-and-done for me. I encourage you to try it for the bone marrow pho!
This place is tucked away in Arcadia Mall in Flushing.  The menu is extensive and is a good value for the amount of food you receive, especially the lobster pho (a whole lobster!) and the large pho bowl which you can add bone marrow for an additional $3. I've had better pho, but the prices can't be beat for what you're getting.
Two words: Lobster Pho. This place is a gem for Vietnamese food in the heart of Flushing. I haven't been able to find any really good Viet food around my area for a long time but this will now be my go to spot. The price is incredible for both the amount the get and the flavor profile. The lobster pho was massive and pre cracked (thank goodness) making it easy to eat and enjoy. The broth was simple but flavorful and the noodles were aldente. The wait staff even helped me mix the sweet bean drink (I was afraid of spilling the beans, i know thats dumb but it's delicious and did not want to waste a single bean). And they gave a free complimentary dessert, gelatin with sweet corn which was light and refreshing. I can't wait to try more and more of their menu!
The bone marrow really peaked my interest so I had to try it while I was in the neighborhood.Overall giving it a 4 star rating.Service was great. They were courteous, accommodating, and promptly refilled our tea when it was low. They also offer a tasty complimentary dessert which is always a plus.Food - we each ordered #1 with a side of marrow. The bone marrow was the real reason we visit this placed. Overall the pho was good. The broth is clear and flavorful. Noodles and meat serving portions were generous. It was definitely a GREAT VALUE ITEM. The side of bone marrow was confusing though. Not sure why they recommend the pairing. They are both goodby itself, but together they do not work well. It's like having apple juice with butter, the pairing doesn't work. I would have preferred the bone marrow to have been offered with some bread instead.Location/decor - the restaurant is located inside a shopping center. It has an opened pass-thru to the mall, which takes away the feeling of being inside a restaurant and it feels more like being in a food court. I would suggest adding another glass panel to create a separation between the restaurant and the mall.In all, I do suggest the pho but don't pair with the bone marrow.
If you are looking for traditional pho, this isn't the place for you. They have creative take on pho, but it still can't beat the pho bang restaurants. I got the lobster pho, and the only thing that tasted good was the lobster, their broth is really bad and that's the most important part about eating pho, the spring rolls weren't crunchy and the service was not so good.
After seeing the reviews, I had really high expectations for this place. However, considering the overwhelming reviews I was, well, underwhelmed. The service was good; the staff was polite and attentive. I ordered the beef brisket and tendon pho, shrimp summer roll, and the three colored drink. When they brought out the drink I wanted to laugh aloud, was this a joke? Literally over half of the cup was filled with ice and then at the very bottom was a wee bit of the beans and jelly. I don't like being confrontational in restaurants so I just went with it, I scooped out all of the excess ice onto a plate, and the plate was definitely full with the amount of ice they provided. When the pho arrived I was pleased with the generous portion. I don't really have complaints with the pho, but it wasn't really anything special, it was pretty okay/average. They could have given a bit more bean sprouts considering the size of the soup, but that's a minor detail. The summer rolls were good, I enjoyed them. The complimentary dessert was nice too, and tasted good. If I was in the area and craved some pho, this place would definitely satiate that, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again. (I'm still a bit irritated by that joke of a drink they served me).
I was craving pho and I had read all the reviews on Yelp, and I was craving pho.The restaurant is on the second floor, and has a bit of a food court feel (out in the open) with other stores surrounding it.I came in for a pho and the broth was very good! (The bone marrow isn't worth the money). Service was standard (took a while for them to come to my table though) The pho was good, but there's nothing substancial that makes this place a special visit.
This review calls for more of a 3.5 stars because The place emphasize more on quantity than on quality. So I've been waiting to try this place since it first opened. I love viet food and was so excited to try it considering everyone was raving about it and they opened up a second location on prince sheet. After actually trying it, I was a little disappointed. First off, this place is actually owned and operated by fuzhounese people (no one is really viet here). Yes, the big bowl is HUGE and can probably feed 2 people. Hell, the regular bowl was even too big for me. However, I felt like the broth could have been a bit more flavorful and warmer (it was weird that it came out lukewarm). Regardless, I was so full at the end of the meal and the owner was very generous and gave out free desserts. Plus, pricing is very reasonable consider the amount of food you get (mostly noodles though). +$3 for a bone marrow and $15 for an entire lobster with pho is a steal!!! I didn't order the lobster but it looked delicious.
Inexpensive and large portions!Definitely a fan of the shrimp sitting rolls! They were fried to perfection! Food came out quickly and service was very efficient. The place looks clean. Definitely come here hungry. The lobster pho was enough to feed the both of us. A $20 dinner for two? I'm in!  Complimentary dessert was a nice touch although we are still confused on what it was. Will definitely come back.
The pho with grilled  bone marrow is to die!! casual soup place or regular night dine out! Not recommended for special dates thou!
Recently opened inside of Arcadia Mall - you'll see a grand opening sign for it at the main entrance. Would have never heard about this place if not for some friends who'd been and suggested it.Service was good. One of the waiters came over and helped us with our Vietnamese iced coffees (most likely to prevent us from accidentally breaking the drip filters haha) - the lid goes on the bottom to stop the drippage. Recommended if you like your coffee sweet! Make sure you finish stirring the coffee with the condensed milk while it's hot before pouring it into the glass of ice. Another waiter made sure to refill our water, which was served in mason jars! The pitcher was infused with either basil or mint from what I saw. At the end of our meal, we were given complimentary dessert. Food came out pretty quickly. I liked that the pho was served on wooden trays and that they included a small dish for if you wanted any hoisin/sriracha sauce on the side (some places don't provide a sauce tray unless you ask). You can add bone marrow to your pho for additional $3.00. There's also a lobster pho option for ~$15.00. I stuck to the Fresh Rib Eye, Tendon, Brisket, & Tripe pho ($8.25). Comes in a larger size for an additional dollar, but the regular size was large enough. Reasonable pricesOverall, not the "pho best" I've had. It was decent, but not great. I've eaten pho in Vietnam and have had tons of homemade pho before though, so I'm definitely biased. Friend who'd been there on another occasion said it was off the day we went, so I guess I'll just have to come back and see.
This is one of my go to spots when I'm in the mood for some Vietnamese soup noodles. It is located on Main Street inside the Arcadia Mall so you can easily miss this place you aren't looking carefully. I love their add on options to your bowl of noodles! My favorite is the bone marrow which I always get with lobster pho. This delicious bowl of goodness is also Great for hangovers. Some people go for greasy grilled cheese sandwiches and burgers..... I go for soup :)
Okay, so usually any store or restaurant that has the word "best" in it would turn me off. However, given the positive reviews I figured why the heck not... especially after seeing there is bone marrow! We had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a table for two adults and a stroller. It was surprisingly busier than I had anticipated and there was even a small queue. The options on the menu were vast and everything sounds so delicious. However we decided to order the signature dishes at a typical Vietnamese restaurant. We ordered the Vietnamese crispy spring rolls and of course pho. I added bone marrow to my pho order as well. The ingredients of the springs appeared to be very fresh. Flavors were good. It was not crispy but soggy which was a shame. All the reviews about the portion size of the pho is no joke... they are unnecessarily HUGE! I love large portions and I eat a lot, but this was pure madness. The pho were rather tasty - not the best I've had, but not bad either. Just average. The bone marrow was very sad. The bone itself was large but the amount of marrow was minuscule. I felt ripped off as it definitely is not worth the extra $3. Service was efficient and friendly. We even got a free coconut dessert to share at the end.
YES! Got my Pho Best without the long line! Got the bone marrow pho. My sisters got the whole lobster pho. The broth is very good for both the lobster and marrow pho. The regular size bowl is plenty of food and will more than fill you up, but for the truly hungry there is a large bowl. Do yourself a favor and stick with the regular bowl. The service was excellent, and handled our large party of 6 easily.
First thing first, this place is VERY clean (so far). Service is phenomenal. The waiter that we had was very patient and gave us time to look at the menu unlike other pho restaurant near the area where they would just sit you down and immediate ask what you want. The pho was pretty standard. Nothing stood out asides from the broth being very light and them giving you a hefty amount of food.  You can tell the chef/cooks spent time preparing and cooking.
We wanted to try this place since there aren't any good viet restaurants in queens and it is fairly new. I love trying new restaurants before they get filled with patrons and the wait gets ridiculous. Plus with a newborn in tow, a clean place is definitely a plus! First impression is that the plates and utensils are huge! And the meal prices are pretty cheap. For a giant bowl of pho..and I mean BIG, it will set you back $9! That's a steal!!! I dunno many places that I can get a dinner meal for that price. And they provide a complimentary coconut dessert. We ordered the lobster pho (had to try it after seeing all the yelp photos) and the grilled lamb chops. We were disappointed that the lamb chops didn't come with rice. The dish was overly salty so rice was definitely needed. The pho broth was just ok..it needed more depth. But for $15 to get a whole lobster?!?! I think that's a steal! It def satisfy my lobster cravings. Next time I wanna try their regular pho with ribeye. Overall I would def come back cause it's cheap! Your money will go a long way at this restaurant. Our bill came out to be $34... which includes lobster pho, grilled lamb, and viet coffee! Fancy date night at a low budget viet restaurant lol
Came on a Wednesday night and ordered a spider summer roll and classic beef pho. It was quite empty and the food came pretty fast.The broth was light and not too salty. The spider roll was a unique twist on the traditional summer roll, but I still prefer it with shrimp.They did mess up on my order by sending the wrong summer roll, but other than that, it's a nice pho spot.
Nice little spot in the Arcadia Mall. I love a menu that doesn't have an overwhelming amount of options. I ordered a regular/small pho, which is by no means a small portion...which is a GOOD THING. It's great for solo dining. They also throw in a free dessert (kind of a coconut custard). I'm going back.
Good with large portions for the cost. This is definitely one of those places you're looking to get satisfied on the cheap rather than look for an amazing meal. Still worth a repeat.
A stop that you wouldn't expect in this little mall!I didn't even know it existed there.  The service and food was great! It does have bone marrow pho and it wasn't an arm and a leg to add it.  We even added pork chops on the side.  We did split some of the appetizers like the grilled squid and the mixed platter!  The bowls are also huge, a lot of us ended up splitting our bowls with another friend.I would check it out again and try some of their other food =)As always check and like my instagram Jliueats and check the photos I always post
Good portion for a very fair price. Came with tea and dessert with the meal. Came in with a jacket and walked out with a T-shirt. The broth hits the soul. $5 parking all around.  Friendly staff. Missing the condiment section for the sauce and the menu is different from the phone place I'm use to from back in the days but I feel like thats what scared alot of customers away. Most of my friends I brought to pho spots would ask me to make the sauce for them. Definitely recommend this place.
While this is not the best pho I've had, it's one of the better pho places in NYC. We ordered the shrimp summer roll, shrimp spring roll and pho #1 with the bone marrow for an extra $3, and pho #2. The dipping sauce for the summer roll had more of a tang which resembled that of a salad dressing. It wasn't bad but I prefer the usual, more peanut flavored dipping sauce. The shrimp spring roll was very fresh and tasty. Pho #1 and #2 are essentially the same except in size. #1 is the large while #2 is the regular size. The regular size is enough to fill you up if you're also ordering appetizers. Skip the bone marrow. Not worth the extra $3. It didn't really have any flavor to it and the texture was off since it was served lukewarm. The soup was rich in flavor but didn't come out steaming hot as I usually prefer since there's raw beef, which btw was tender and fresh. Didn't taste like rubber beef slices as you might find at some pho places in the city. Overall, I would come back here. The food is reasonably priced and the portion size is decent. Ambience is casual and service is average. No complaints.
Conveniently located in the heart of Flushing, Pho Best seems to be one of the restaurants I find myself defaulting to when I can't decide on what to eat. Prices are decent considering the portion of the dishes and SWEET BABY JESUS I loveeee that they have bone marrow! This place's really began to grow on me and now I can't stop going back (help). The only thing I have a problem with is the broth- it doesn't taste very authentic. It seems to be missing the rich, woody aroma that many Vietnamese pho bowls have.
The employee are super nice and their food are amazing. The store looks aesthetically pleasing to the eyes. The way the food is placed and the experiment here is so different from any other Pho place in Flushing. The rainbow ice drink is delicious also their coffee. They don't add any msg and try's to get the freshest ingredients! They serve you water in a mason jar, which is so cute! The water is infused with lemon or lime and I believe mint but I maybe wrong! It's a great spot for family and friends or just yourself alone :)I forgot to add they make the dessert themselves and it taste amazing!!
Compared to a lot of places in Flushing, the service here was on point. The waiters and waitresses were polite and always made sure you didnt wait on anything. We ordered the vermicelli platter and the pho with bone marrow.. because we do it for the IG. The bone marrow is a one time thing for me. In my opinion, it made the pho a little too oily for me. The soup was also not hot enough for me when it was brought out in front of us.. I felt like the meat and beansprouts couldnt really cook in there. Flavor wise.. It was on point. I really enjoyed the spring rolls there compared to many of the Vietnamese places I have been to in Flushing.
My first time trying this place. I ordered a carry-out of Pho Dac Biet, Grilled Pork Vermicelli and Grilled Chicken on rice. Overall, all 3 dishes were good, but more salty than what I am used to- especially, the grilled meats. Notable Pro's: fast service, friendly staff, well-spoken friendly receptionist, food is good (not the best- no pun intended), reasonable pricing, decor is ok, Notable Con's: location (inside a mall, not easy to find, not as simple like a traditional store front), food was salty.
Since Pho32 was gone in Flushing, it's been hard to find good comparable Pho place around.  Nothing's been aunthentic, except the one in Kissena, but you dont want to dine there where there's no ambience and service sucks. Finally found PHO BEST, now theres someplace to go when Im cravjng good vietnamese Pho.  Price is affordable, good service, Pho is good, but 4 star bc its still not as good as Pho32.
This place was surprisingly delicious and modern.  It gave me a nostalgic feeling as I sat down.  The atmosphere and the unique kinds of food Pho Best offered reminded of this fancy pho place I visited in Quincy, MA! The table next to us ordered a whole lobster with pho and it was very appealing. However, my girlfriend and I decided to split a large bowl of pho.  The broth here was very interesting and not like other pho restaurants we been to.  It was way more flavorful and the broth was also a little more oily than the traditional kind of pho broth.  I have to say that the meats that they used was very fresh and I enjoyed it quite a lot.  If I didn't already have dinner, I would have ordered two bowls just because of how delicious it was.  The service was really nice as well.  I enjoyed how they were very attentive to their patrons.  We were also given some complementary coconut pudding as dessert so that was also nice!
Had the spring roll, summer roll, beef pho, and lobster pho. Everything was good. Except for the summer roll. They used thousand island as their sauce. Super weird. I would come back but I had better in flushing.
I've been to quite a few places for Pho and this place has to have been the best! The food looked great, tasted awesome, was CLEAN, didn't hit my wallet too hard and showed great hospitality!My fiancé got the Pho Big Bowl and it was much bigger than her head. Immediately she said, "when they said 'big bowl' they really meant 'BIG BOWL!'"We got pork chops to share (ended up just taking it home because we couldn't even finish our own entreé's. Usually, in other vietnamese restaurants we would need to order a little extra, extra.) I got the Spring roll and Grilled Beef Rice Vermicelli and that tasted great too! It came out in a really nice bowl as well. They also gave free dessert! Coconut pudding with bits of sweet potato. It tasted great!My fiancé and I will definitely come back!
Good food, terrible service. Ordered raw beef pho with bone marrow, then a 2nd serving of bone marrow came cold.  Waiter's response was "you should've said something earlier" well i didn't feel the need until i felt nauseous  Congrats you lost a customer over $3
My experience here is always great! Their pho proportions are HUGE and I love it! My first time here was about a month ago and I had the Lobster Pho because I saw the reviews and it was pretty great. This time I had the brisket pho with the bone marrow and it was great. The noodles weren't soggy and were just the right kind of soft. Their soup base is amazing although maybe for some people it may be salty but I love it. Their viet spring rolls were amazing as well. This might be my go to for pho
I love pho so I always want to try our new places for Pho. After reading all the good reviews, I wanted to try this place!! However, definitely a disappointment.The broth isn't rich like most pho places, it actually tastes pretty bland. There are not that much meat and the service is only mediocre.3/10 would come back again
This place is , fast friendly, And cheap love it .the chicken pho was delicious, deff one of the place I would go to again.
I really enjoyed the pho here. The service is honestly very bad but really, the food is great i disregarded it. When i come to restaurants, service is a great deal for me because it brings mood for eating & a good impression. However, this place had such good pho i barely paid mind to it
OMG this place is to die for! Came here after all the hype and I can understand what the hype is all about. It's so good! I ordered the big bowl of pho with all the meats and it's better than your regular pho and less sodium and MSG added too. My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon cubes over rice and it came in a huge portion and it was delicious. The best part is that it's relatively cheap and not crazy expensive. Overall, I think all the prices are decent and fair. You get a lot for what you pay for. Lastly, free dessert in the end with every meal!
Decided to try finally this spot with my sis, I was surprised that this spot actually took over the previous restaurant that was there (It was called Chin Chin Cheese Ribs or something like that, but I liked it) The servers were all very nice and attentive. We both ordered the regular Pho, and it came out extremely fast..questionably fast. That being said, the Pho was not warm as I would imagine..and I like my noodles warm. Besides that, the Pho was good but nothing extraordinary. They'll also give you a complimentary dessert at the end which I thought was pretty cute.
This place is great! Highly recommend the pho and the vermacilli! Can't wait to come back to try the lobster pho
I came across this place because of the snow storm and really wanted a pho. Trying out this new place, I will definitely ask my friends to come here instead. The place is cozy, quite, clean and comfortable. The price is at the right range. The size of the bowl is very satisfacting.
Had occasion to try this with Wifey recently.  Interesting space in one of those mini Flushing malls within-a-commercial-building.  Service was prompt - Wifey ordered curry dish with side salad and I ordered one of their vermicelli platters.  They didn't have ANY of the sandwiches on the menu, which was a bit of a let down because they looked interesting, but I digress.  Food arrived quickly despite the place being pretty packed.  Both our dishes were decent at best.  Hate to say it, but it tasted like cheap mall food court food - Imitation ingredients, not fresh, bland and the spring rolls tasted like they were microwaved and added to dish.  Overall, we ate and concluded it was a seriously underwhelming experience food-wise.  Wifey asked the woman at the table next to her what she was eating, as it looked pretty good, and the woman said it was not good at all and that Wifey should not bother trying it.This would have been a 3 star review, as I recognize that tastes vary, and the service, as well as the prices, were entirely reasonable.  However, Wifey and I barely made it home before she got violently ill.  She was seriously sick for 2 full days, and it too almost a week for her to eat relatively normal again.  We resolved that it was her salad, which did not taste right and it was the only thing I did not touch (I tried her curry).  Also, it was the only time she ate that day, which kind of narrows down the suspected origin of her illness.  I am no longer allowed to pick new places to try because of Pho Best.While this was likely a food preparation/handling error, it still happened and cost them a star.  We will not be returning, ever.If you want excellent Vietnamese food that is far more fresh, authentic and delicious, travel a bit farther out of downtown flushing and head over to: Mekong15632 Northern Blvd, Flushing, NY 11354We have been there many, many times and never had a bad experience.  Food is consistently outstanding, and our experience at Pho Worst made us appreciate how awesome it really is.
Very flavorful . Priced very reasonable, great service and the place is very clean . Inside a mini mall .
Service was great! Came in with my little cousins who was causing a ruckus but the waitress was so kind and accommodating. We ordered a beef noodle soup with bone marrow, steak dish, and wings. We were told that they gave us an extra bone marrow since one of them was so small which was very considerate of them. I would only suggest that they serve the food hotter in terms of temperature but it was still so tasty! I'm sure they would have no issues if I were to tell them to warm it up more. I would definitely come again.
The best pho ever!!! Very courteous, attentive and friendly. 2 of us were comfortably seated at a table for four which we were very thankful for.
New spot in Flushing for Viet food. I have to say that I was expecting better. We ordered the soft shell crab summer rolls, bone marrow pho, and a grilled pork chop with pork/crab patty over rice. The pho came out first (after about 10 minutes) and was the best dish of all. Broth was deep in flavor and piping hot, just how it's supposed to be. Big bone full of marrow but it seemed a little lacking in flavor. Just because they charred it, doesn't make it automatically good. Big portion so you won't leave hungry. The soft shell crab summer roll followed about 15 minutes later. Nothing special and the peanut sauce definitely does not pair well with the crab. Maybe it's just me? Now my pork chop and rice dish. Why it took an additional 20 minutes to come to the table is beyond me. I was expecting something hot and super impressive but was underwhelmed by the cold everything on the plate. It was also a bit hard to communicate with the waitstaff so I just decided to eat it since I was already starving. This place has taught me that even though my favorite pho place is ghetto looking and a little out of the way, that I shouldn't be easily swayed because this place has fancier decor. Never again will I sway again. Back to ghetto pho I go! Sorry not sorry.
They have lobster pho for 14.95! Say what?! It's a whole lobster too! It's less than a pound but hey it's still a great price! They crack it open for you still you really don't have to work that hard. How can you go wrong? But wait there's still more! They have bone marrow too! It's a $3 add on but worth it. The have 2 sizes for pho. The large for $9.95 plus bone marrow makes it $12.95 which is pretty affordable compared to other places. Run don't walk, this place is amazing! It's inside the Arcadia mall and you'll have to use the bathroom downstairs but who cares! The pho is great and affordable!
Great addition of Vietnamese restaurants in NY. Great location as it's off the main area of Main Street so parking is easier. Free metered parking after 7pm. Service is quick and friendly. Cleanliness could be better though. Started with the fried shrimp rolls which were amazing! Perfectly fried and great flavor. Giant shrimps too! Also had the summer rolls which were good. The dipping sauce is different from the standard as it has more of a vinaigrette-ish sauce but still worked well. My wife had the pho which was huge for a standard size. Broth wise was good but the not the best. I had the bbq beef vermicelli bowl which may be one of the best I had in NY. Beef had lots of flavor and wrapped with a baby onion in the middle which was great. The bowl had more of a variety of condiments in it which was a nice touch. Loved the baby onions in it! They gave us a free dessert which was a corn pudding cake. Everything was great. We'll be back!
I was sent to Flushing for work for 3 weeks.  I always enjoy finding little gems to experience.  Pho is just that.  I have already been here 3x. Cleanest restaurant you will find.  Service has always been great as well.  I ordered the chicken Pho each time, delicious, filling and just the right amount of spice and flavorful.  It could use just a little more chicken but otherwise is great.
Hey this place pho best should be called pho worst. This is the worse pho I've ever been to in my life. They make absolutely the worse pho ever when I got my pho it was a huge chunk of noodles all Stuck together and the soup was not even warm... it looked like food I left out for hours and the soup had fat floating on top of it. When you order pho you expect your soup to be hot or at least warm enough to cook the raw meat that they give. How do you expect the raw meat you give me to cook in barely warm soup???? Worst pho I've ever ate at.
This is my favorite Vietnamese place in downtown flushing. Modern decoration, Great broth and giant bowl of noodles with a reasonable price.
This spot is very similar to ginger and lemongrass.. pretty sure they took their ideas from them. It's amazing. It's a bit cheaper and tastes very healthy and delicious!! No MSG added.. I'm not crazy about pho, but this is the best pho in all of flushing for sure! Their meat is better quality as well. Definitely get the bone marrow in your pho! They give you a coconut jelly type dessert when you get the check.
I want to give this place 3.5. I ordered the pho with the bone marrow. The soup was pretty good but the marrow felt too small. There was a good amount of beef, tendon and tripe. I liked there wasn't a lot of onions. Beef could be a little rarer. I also had the Vietnamese spring roll. It was a good side. The con was is not crispy enough and the filing was off. Flavors were there but the texture was not expected. Bright side, got a complimentary coconut pudding for dessert.
Came here on a Saturday night with a friend after seeing all the great reviews on Yelp. Took us forever to find parking so I'd say to take the bus or try to walk it if you can. Main Street is alwayss difficult for parking. Got a little lost trying to find the place since it is inside of a mini mall but as soon as we got in the mall, you couldn't miss it. As for the food, we got a brisket pho, a lemongrass chicken plate, a Vietnamese drip coffee and a tea w condensed milk. I eat pho at least once a week and i could honestly say I wanted to love this place but the broth was a little bland and lack luster for me. The chicken plate was tasty, I'd probably come back for the pork chop next time. The best thing about this place overall is the service. The hostess, servers and waitress were all beyond sweet, helpful and attentive. The food itself was a 3.5 but the service and such low cost bumped it to a 4.
First of all. The food was picture worthy. I came here because a friend had really nice pics of the food at pho best. The service was 2 stars because they forgot our order and took way to long for the lobster pho. Waited about 30min while the bone marrow and the beef pho came out right away. The food was pretty bland and one of the bone marrows had nothing in it. Was like eating a bone. The clams had a really eww after taste. And had sand in them. Overall I wouldnt come here again, but it was a good experience.
Located inside Arcadia Mall next to Dumpling Galaxy, this is a new pho spot and yes, it is good. The crispy shrimp spring roll is perfectly crispy and the size was decently big. Highly recommend this one. The grilled pork chop over rice tastes exactly like the one at pho bang (my favorite pho place in flushing). And we got a large pho to share and it is MASSIVE, so beware. The broth is great but the flavor could be a tad bit stronger. And at the end, they gave us cake as a free dessert! We really enjoyed this place and would come here again. I'm happy that there's a new spot for pho in flushing.
The place is located inside of a small Chinese mall. The service was alright but not the best. The waitress serving us didn't speak much english. I had the lobster pho, however it wasn't anything amazing like the reviews.
They got an A+ for decor, cleanliness, and service.  The food was similar to other Vietnamese restaurants.  The price was slightly higher but I don't mind paying the extra $ for cleaner food.
Came here on a Friday night at dinner time. Right when we arrived we were seated right away, there was no wait and service was excellent. The atmosphere of this place was very clean and modern unlike the other Vietnamese restaurants in flushing. A big plus since the sauce bottles were not sticky. We ordered a lobster pho, a number 2 pho noodle with bone marrow and Vietnamese spring rolls. Most of the food came out quick however they had to get the lobster from somewhere else so it took about 15 mins for the lobster pho. The soup base was not as rich and flavorful as other Vietnamese restaurants in flushing but the bone marrow made up for it. The lobster pho was delicious, they use a beef broth base and a fresh whole lobster. Food was delicious and price was inexpensive ($8.25 for the #2 pho +$3 for bone marrow and 14.95 for lobster pho).
Food is great.Pho Big Bowl is huge.The shrimp roll was very good.
I tried this place out twice and was not disappointed. Their quality is definitely outstanding compared to other pho places in places, such as pho bang (the dirtiest place ever lol). The raw beef is really tender and soft. The broth is nice and clean. The staff is friendly and speaks decent English. I love their spring rolls and shrimp spring rolls- really great texture. The spring roll is chewy and crunch.Highly recommend!
Got a notice from yelp about this new restaurant, read the reviews and was very excited to give it a try.  Vietnamese is one of favorite cuisine.  We ordered fried spring rolls, salt and pepper squid, brisket and tendon pho, fresh rib eye and beef stew pho, bulaclac, pork chops and filet mignon rice vermicelli.  First off, customer service was great.  We were seated right away.  Food:-Spring rolls were just ok-Salt and pepper squid for $8.95 was very very small portion but it was also tasteless.-Brisket n tendon was ok-the broth was not as tasty as I would have liked.-beef stew was not what I was expecting.  I've ordered beef stew in other Vietnamese restaurants n it's normally chunks of meat with thicker broth.  This one was just the same thinly slice meat and clear broth.-pork chop was very chewy.  It was even hard to cut it up with steak knife.-bulaclac was tender but not as tasty or flavorful -filet mignon rice vermicelli was good but I the meat could be more flavorful.To sum up, besides the salt and pepper squid all the dishes were generous portions.  Presentation of the dishes was very nice.  All the dishes definitely not flavorful for my taste but I did read somewhere that they don't use msg?!  So maybe I'm not use to eating this healthy but I'm can't imagine that the lack of flavor is all due to that one ingredient.  Prices are also very reasonable but I don't think I will go back.
I was drawn to this place because there was pho lobster and that was different. The price was also not too bad and for what you got seem to be worth it. We started with the Vietnamese spring roll which was just okay. We were more interested in the main dishes but when it came, I was somewhat disappointed since the pho just taste like any other pho but with a lobster. The broth was okay as well, didn't have any lobster taste to it. I felt that my lobster was over cooked and very bland tasting. It also got very annoying to try and get all the lobster meat out, but the thing I did appreciate was that they cracked some parts of the lobster for us. My friend ordered the regular pho with bone marrow (extra $3). The beef itself in the regular pho wasn't bad. I am not sure if the bone they gave us was just not as juicy in marrow as other people's but only half of the bone was filled, the rest was pretty much just bone. Our food cooled down really quickly and we left questioning whether or not we would go back again to try the food.
New pho spot in flushing. Nothing different from the ordinary pho. But the add on-bone marrow was pretty good and the broth wasn't so watered down. The waiters didn't speak much English.. but food is universal.. right? Will definitely come back.
Taste is very close to the authentic pho bang soup base . There is only one size to the Pho ( large ) . But the ribeye was fresh .We also tried the spider spring roll which you dip in a light peanut sauce . Pretty much a summer roll with fried soft shell crabs .
Not bad, finally you got one fresh and tasty pho in flushing. I hope it can survives longer so we can come back again.
Nothing special other than they make it more presentable than regular pho spots. I ordered the bone marrow pho and they forgot the bone marrow. Soup base was extremely salty. My friend ordered an ice tea and they forgot that until he asked again after we already finished the meal. Don't order the "crunchy" spring rolls, they're straight up ass and soggy as f***.
The staff are friendly and helpful. This place is a really good bang for the bug as the portion is big, the place is modern, clean, and not very noisy. I'd love to be back.
Pho was really good and tasted extremely fresh considering we were there at nearly closing. Staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating as I wanted the brisket and rib eye , as wasn't on the menu. Free dessert at the end was a huge plus, and on top delicious.
Tried soft shell  spring roll and Ph with lobster. . The soup kinda kill the sweetness of the lobster, and the lobster made the soup cool down too fast when they bring it to the table. And no meatball? The peanut dipping sauce for the soring rolls is too sour, no balance in term of flavors. Presentation: 8 - Food: 5
Excited to finally try a new spot to eat Pho. Located right on main street in a cozy corner of Arcadia mall. My girlfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 7pm, it was pretty crowded and we can see how popular this new place was already. The restaurant appears very clean and modern, they first bring you ice water in little jars, at first we thought there was something odd in the water until they told us it was lemon water. When we got the menus, the price for this place is definitely low $. Comparable to Pho Bang on main. My gf ordered a regular Beef Pho and I got the Grilled Beef Pho, we also ordered Shrimp Spring rolls  and an order of Grilled Pork chops that came in 3 pieces for $7 wow, it was super juicy and tasty, not overly dry or burnt. Shrimp rolls were each filled with a  large shrimp and super crispy on the outside. When the Grilled Beef Pho finally came, it had a good presentation and came in a large portion, the Grilled pieces of beef were on the side and the noodle soup was lukewarm, bland and sour. Because this is a new Pho spot the soup needs more work. I did not get the urge to finish all the noodles because the soup was just not that good. After being used to years of soup from Pho Bang and trying another popular place Madam Vo in the city where the soups are the star of the show. I will definitely need to come back here in a few months to try the Pho again for improvements.
This spot is not too bad. Portions size definitely on the bigger end and the rice dishes come w a salad which is dope. Is it better than pho bang tho.... depending on what you craving. A little more variety, I'll say here. But if you want the og pho, pho bang all the way.
This place was well-hidden as it's inside a building and not just a store in the open. Their pho tastes better than average given the Flushing area. The portions are fairly large. If you're ordering noodle soup, I'd highly recommend adding bone marrow, it really enhances the soup flavor. One small problem is that the store is near a barber shop or hair salon, and I unluckily got a table that was near it, so I lept getting whiffs of hair products and such. The restaurant also didn't give our table water, which I'm assuming they forgot, because no restaurant anywhere doesn't give water.
A cute well kept spot inside a mall. I didn't expect that it. Still a nice place to eat. I had the pho with bone marrow. So good. I ordered another. The staff was pleasant. I enjoyed it very much.
Delicious pho! Good broth and the meat was tender. Portion is good and price is inexpensive. Would definitely recommend if craving pho in flushing.
This is the best pho I had in years!  I got the Brisket and Ribeye large Pho for $9.25 ; they gave plenty of meat, I counted six slices of Brisket and 6 large slices of Rib Eye that was medium well Pink. The broth had pronounced Star Anise flavor which is great I think...... I also asked for more Basil and they were not hesitant at all to provide it........great customer service, I would highly recommend this place for anyone who craves Pho.
To be honest, I had high expectations for this place after reading the reviews but I was dissapointed after my meal. We order the #2 Pho which is the medium sized pho and a pork chop rice. The ambience is very nice but the quality of the food wasn't that great. The meat for the pho was already cooked and the broth was on the salty side. For the pork chop, it came out brunt and there was more fatty to it than lean meat. The pork chop also came out too salty. But what I really liked about this place was the free dessert that they gave at the end. I think I'll just stick with pho bang which is also a lot cheaper!
I actually found this place as I was looking up another Flushing restaurant. The food and reviews looked good so we ventured to Pho Best in the middle of the slight snow storm NY had recently. The restaurant is in Arcadia mall, and it is a few blocks away from Main Street. We got 2 appetizers, the Crispy Spring Shrimp Rolls and Spider Summer Rolls. The shrimp in the spring rolls were really good, but the crispy skin didn't work, I don't know but the skin was off. I really liked the summer rolls dipped in fish sauce. I don't like peanut sauce so I tend to use fish sauce for dipping. We also got 2 Vietnamese dripped iced coffee drinks, and it was okay. I don't know what it was, but it didn't taste strong enough, which I always enjoy whenever I do go to Vietnamese restaurants.For entrees, we got Pho with brisket & tendon and the Grilled Pork Chop with shredded pork, egg crab patty and rice. The pho was huge and it was a small since they had an medium option. I was so full from the appetizers, that I only got a few bites, but the broth and the brisket were flavorful, and that's all you need, at least for me. I didn't enjoy the tendon too much, but there was definitely plenty so if you do, you're in for a treat. My boyfriend had the grilled pork chop and he said it was well cooked, but the egg crab patty wasn't enjoyable, I actually had a piece too and didn't like it either.  The restaurant itself was clean and the staff were friendly, so if you're in the area, it's worth the visit.
Since they opened up we been there multiple times already! Food is great and the price is very reasonable. Staff are friendly and bonus points for the free dessert at the end!
Must try big bowl of vietnamese noodle! It's really a big bowl with very delicious soup! The waitress are very nice. A waitress recommended me shrimp spring roll. It's really crispy and yummy! Also they gave us some free small cakes at the end. Definitely will come back again!
I love this place so much. Their food is amazing and their service is wonderful. They even serve you coconut pudding after each meal! Great viet food and pricing is decent as well.
This place is clean and their pho is really good! It comes in large portion even to go! I got plenty of noodles and beef! I also got their summer rolls, which is really good! It was worth it, and I have noticed​ that this place is really clean. Staff is very friendly and also this is perfect for cold weather!
On a cold night is nothing better than a warm bowl of Vietnamese Lobster pho this is my first time here great little restaurant wonderful selection of beef or Lobster pho really enjoyed the bone marrow and the crab roll appetizer looking forward to returning
Pho Best is really the best! Really great food and service. It's obvious they're all hard working. Totally recommend and defiantly going to go back again.
I would give zero star if I could. Worst Restaurant in the World~ I was eating at a restaurant last night and a waitress accidentally spilled a drink (rainbow ice drink) on my lap. NOT even a single person from the restaurant come over to APOLOGIZE. They didn't offer to dry my pants with a hair dryer. They only comped my drink and clean up the floor. Over an hour after the incident, because it was the middle of winter and having to go out into the cold with wet pants. NEVER GOING BACK! AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!
Their pho is good but the broth could have been more fragrant and flavorful. Noodles and brisket were really good. Portions are huge for a regular bowl. For $8.25 You definitely get your money's worth. The free mini dessert is a nice touch. FYI this place is run by Chinese people who may speak Vietnamese but I all heard was Mandarin and Cantonese.
Upgraded pho.. Fancy. I love to get it with bone marrow. It made the soup creamier (and more cholesterol). In additional; presentation and service. Compare to other pho, this place is slightly pricey, but more meats.We visited few days after opening. We are hoping that they can keep the quality the same.
This was a great experience overall. The best part was the lobster pho. I was hesitant at first to order it because I wasn't sure if I was going to get quality lobster, but the lobster they served was packed with meat and noodles were very good!! And they also gave everyone free delicious coconut pudding dessert with some yellow beans in them. However, I can only give them 4 stars because the spring rolls were not that good. I wouldn't order their spring rolls again but would go back for the lobster pho and the coconut pudding.
Great food and very friendly waiters.The best Pho in town very clean and presentable.
We have been coming since it first opened.  Delish Vietnamese food and the flavors and quality are always consistent.  We ordered the grilled shrimp vermicelli noodle and hubby had the curry chicken baguette.
I had #1 which is pho with basically everything in it.  Tendon, tripe, brisket and ect.   Also got the fried crispy shrimp and vegetable summer roll.  The vegetable summer roll was really good.  I would say it is in the top 5 that I have tried so far.  The shrimp roll was nice and crispy but it was also greasy.  But you can tell it is clean oil.  Not the reussed oil, so that was a plus.  However after you eat 2 piece, you just can't eat anymore unless you are the type that like greasy food.  As for the pho.  Not the best I've tried but not the worst.  As few people said, it I decent for the price.  It is a place you would go if you were near there or passing by, but not good enough to go out of your way to get the pho.  Also, that being said.  Make sure you eat there.  Do not do take out.  When you eat there, the portion is much larger than when you take it home.  It is about 1/3 less when you do a take out for pho.  So best to just eat it there.
The rib eye is so meltingly tender (good quality meat) and with large portions. They provide service with a smile. The broth has a bit more anise than I would like but it was open on Christmas. Would come back.
The most authentic Vietnamese Restaurant in Flushing, and their price is reasonable.
Called to place an order for a pho pick up. Lady with heavy accent picks up and first thing I hear is. No Derrrivery... I said okay...i want to pick up and asked how long should I come by in she screamed  #how wrong?? Twuu minutt". Chinese lady was very rude and unprofessional. I hope the pho makes up for rude customer service.
It's first time here , Im sure will bring friends come. Nice and clean. The soup tastes good.
i saw this vietnamese food from wecgat moment everyone say here is best pho in flushing so i came and try was unbelievedable so love the noodle soup i order with a bone marrow taste so good high recommand come try out and they give free dessert
New pho restaurant that is relatively close to the OG places in flushing: pho bang and pho hoang. There's definitely more of a modern vibe that will definitely get the younger crowd with the more "instagramable" aesthetic look to the food. They still have the traditional menu items but also has a slight twist with options such as the lobster and bone marrow pho. I Got the brisket pho, viet spring rolls and viet iced coffee. They also gave a complimentary dessert (jelly I believe?) at the end. Food was yummy and comparable to pho bang (personally think pho bang is slight more flavorful, but not a huge difference). What I really appreciate is that even tho the place gives more of a "hipster" and modern vibe, they didn't jack up their prices and attempt to rip us off- they have very reasonable prices. Also with my obsession with viet spring rolls, love the fact that they have a small and large option :P The staff there were quick, efficient and friendly and the place itself is super clean (didn't feel the rush to order the minute I sit down like at pho bang LOL). Nice new pho place to check out!
The brisket pho with the bone marrow was pretty good but they really need to change the description of their "spider summer roll." I thought it would be made with crab meat because it SAID SO IN THE DESCRIPTION but it was actually one whole soft shell crab cut into four pieces for the four piece summer roll appetizer. Needless to say, I did not eat it. Also, I started getting terrible stomach cramps about three to four hours after this dinner and then I had the runs all night. My boyfriend ordered the grilled chicken pho and he's the one who ate the summer rolls that I wouldn't touch and he was fine so it couldn't have been the summer rolls so maybe it was the bone marrow or brisket in my pho. I don't know what it was but I will not be going back and will stick with Ginger & Lemongrass for my bone marrow pho fix. Even thinking about giving one less star for the fact that I couldn't communicate at all with any of the workers because they don't speak a word of English.
Amazing pho with outstanding service !!! We been looking for pho in flushing area and now there is this great location with tasting pho and refreshing drink menu
Quality pho with a good amount of meat. I would definitely recommend their lobster pho, you get a whole lobster with the pho broth infused with the lobster flavor. For the regular beef pho, I prefer Phobang more but Pho Best does an admirable job. Will come back again.
I went the pre-open and it was not too thrill with Pho. One of friends that keep praised this restaurant on his FB. I decided to go there for lunch and give them another shot. We have 1) soft shell crab roll with peanut sauce, 2) Fishball pho, 3) Fresh ribeye and beef stew pho, 4) Spring roll rice vermicelli, 5) Filet Mignon Lemongress w Rice.Starts with soft shell summer role, one pair of soft shell was not fresh at all. For $8.95, I gave D for it not advise you waste you hard earn money on it. The next is Pho, it is soooo over cooked that disintegrated while in soup. The temp of soup is NOT even hot. I gave a C- for them. The most worst dishes that we have are the File Mignon w Lemongress. Taste salty and sweet at same time which brings a conflicting orchestra to your pallet. The File Mignon is so badly cook which does no appreciation of beef.( Regardless they use rib eye instead of REAL Filet Mignon.) On top of it, they use GREEN PEPER as part ingredient that is Totally a scam for a Vietnamese dish. NO, I did not find the lemonsgress in the dish. I end up NOT completed the dish and just have white rice. Regardless the price, this dish earn a BIG "F".Also, please DO NOT expect any high quality service. The wait staff are not going meet your standard.Will I go back within next 3 months? Definite not!!!If you like to throw your money into the toilet, please donate to City Harvest instead order the same dishes as as I have. Good luck and hopefully this help you to avoid on what NOT to order at this restaurant.
the pho is bomb here. broth is delicious. bone marrow is a must as a add on for your pho. service is on point.
They have the most unique and delicious appetizers as well as having literally the best pho. They also have great serving portions too. Their plates, trays and utensils are very cute clean, and modern. Their Vietnamese coffee is a must here! They do not use msg and they serve the freshest food possible. All of the workers are very nice and they are very considerate. You will not regret eating at Pho Best.
Amazing place. An aesthetically pleasing place and the food is amazing. The servers are constantly asking about your experience and the overall this place is great. Would definitely come again.
