Lucky Restaurant fills a void in my heart that deeply craves Taiwanese food. What could possibly be more satisfying than having stewed pork intestines and duck blood? So fine, I'll admit nostalgia plays an unmistakable role in my appreciation for this restaurant. Still, I wouldn't settle for a weak imitation, so it must be worth something that Lucky Restaurant met my expectations. Everything I've had here is good, which in itself deserves high praise, though there are a few dishes that stand out. The aforementioned spicy pork intestine and duck blood stew is not the best I've ever had, but it's still pretty fantastic. The whole fish in black bean sauce is amazing - if it's available, get it live and with tofu. And you can never go wrong with the braised pork over rice. Also recommended is a house special creatively titled "Pork & Dried Bean Curd Hakkanese Style Stir Fry", which features sa cha sauce (if you've never tried it, it's a uniquely flavored umami bomb). The only thing that's kind of a bummer is the portion size. I do wish their dishes were sized a bit larger. It's not a problem to the degree that it's a dealbreaker, but if you're eating with a hungry party, I'd definitely recommend over-ordering a little. The space is small and plainly decorated. I can't remember if they actually had a drop ceiling and florescent lights, but it's got that sort of vibe. People definitely come for the food. I recommend bringing cash. You can pay with a card if necessary, but bring cash - you'll thank me later. Also, BYOB. There's a deli next door that can accommodate the basics.
I ate at Lucky Restaurant on a weekday afternoon, and I was mostly satisfied with the food and service, though there's room for improvement in both areas.I opted for their lunch special-- I ordered a shrimp and broccoli dish, which came with white rice and soup. The staff worker who took my order was sensitive to my food restrictions, and the person who brought my food to me was exceptionally warm, which I felt thankful for.The shrimp and broccoli was succulent and went well with the sauce it came with. I felt that the chefs put too much broccoli and held back on giving me a good portion of shrimp, which felt disappointing. I also wish that I had a choice of what soup to order, since the spicy one I ate, I didn't like. Another thing that prevented my experience from being a good one, was that a building inspector came and interacted with two staff workers at the restaurant. It felt odd to be dining there while the building inspector was around. Granted, the restaurant staff maybe couldn't control when the inspector came in, but it would've been great for them to talk outside and away from their customers.This isn't my first choice restaurant when it comes to Taiwanese food, but I may give it a second try if I'm in the area again.
Portion is good, price is ok.Did I mention that their tea taste like COCO black tea? I meant it tasted good and refreshing. Mapo tofu was Ma and not too spicy but it has great flavor that drags me into digging in. Three cup chicken and salt and pepper ribs were ok, and smoked pork was a good choice to have.Service was good and attempting.I'm gonna give the cashier a +1 for her sense of humor and attitude. Well done.Definitely will be back again to try the other dishes.
If you're in the mood for Taiwanese food, this is the place to check out! Quality food that comes out quick along with great service. They also accept credit cards!!. Here's the breakdown: Place - located in the other side of Flushing, a small restaurant that pumps out delicious Taiwanese dishes. Make sure to call for reservations. Not much decor but your typical tables you find at dine in Chinese places does the job. Parking can be a bit tough as well. Service - hard workers. They are running around working non stop. During my dinner our waitress was attentive and helpful with recommending dishes. Food - everything we ordered was great. We got the following:Scallion pancakes - just right and not oily.Eggplant app - a cold eggplant appetizer that has a meat sauce over it. Good to eat on by itself or with some rice.Hot & sour soup - really good. It was like a mix of egg drop with hot and sour. Not your typical from to go joints. Minced pork over rice - classic and must order just cause!! Salt and pepper pork chops - can't go wrong. The right amount of spices without being too salty and the chips were meaty. Liver dish? Don't know the name in English but it was good. See if you can spot it in my messy pic lol.Also the vegetable dish It has minced black beans, tofu, peppers, pork, garlic - far right in the pic. Get it!! Overall a great dinner. I'll be back !
Probably one of the best Taiwanese joints I've been to in Flushing. The folks working at/visiting Flushing Hospital just got an incredible new food option dropped in their laps. Went there with a friend and his Taiwanese spouse. We feasted on 3 entrees and 2 appetizers for a grand total of $53. BYOB a huge plus. We basically cleared all the plates. Loved the stinky tofu and the kidney and shrimp (don't knock it till you try it). Definitely going back for more.
Best Taiwanese place in Flushing in my opinion, friendly service and scrumptious food. BYOB definitely a huge plus.
Ordered their shredded beef with peppers and kung pao chicken, both were good! I love that their food is not greasy and salty like most Chinese food!
This Chinese restaurant is fairly small but hard to fit a large group. I came here with 13 people and it just fit perfectly. Temperature here is controlled and calm. Food overall was really good and filling.
Minced pork over rice is the must try! Don't order anything has pig blood cake, it taste weird and feel not fresh.
I live just two blocks away from this restaurant but the food isn't something super spectacular that makes me want to eat at all the time. In the modern time and age not alot of people cook at home much anymore and are often eating out. I, myself happen to be very guilty of that. While they do have one or two dishes I really do enjoy. I don't always find myself ordering from this restaurant even though it is so convenient for me.The restaurant itself is kind of small inside but service is very good. One of my favorite part is that they speak fluent English. The food however I feel like there is definitely room for improvement . Nothing really stands out but it's not terrible either. The parking isn't too hard to find because around the corner there's a small section of meter parking on the block. Besides that area I feel like parking can be limited because this is a residential area.
Great food! great prices! Great location. If you drive, there's a good amount of street parking. You can avoid Main Street/flushing traffic. Great take out menu. I recommend the fish with chili and cumin as well as the pork shank. The vegetables are also very sweet. They have lunch special too! Enjoy .
Small establishment. Very cozy and welcoming. The mapo tofu was good. Decent size for the price. Good mala flavoring. Nice amount of spiciness. Love eating this with rice. Slightly disappointed there were no other ingredients in the mapo tofu besides tofu (like ground meat, celery, etc). But makes sense for the price.Flavors for three cup chicken were on point. But the abundance of bones ruined it for me. The dish was smaller than expected for $12.99. And it had a lot of bones so I didn't get much meat to eat. Decent place if you're in the area.
I ordered MA PO TOFU today with my coworkers. It's sooo good, we love the tofu, it's very soft and tasty.  It's not like si chuang style(mad spicy), this is just perfect! We will defiantly visit again next time.
Tried general tso's chicken and shredded beef with hot peppers here.  Tastes fresh and good portion size!  lunch special comes with soup!  Feels clean compared to other chinese takeout food.
Strongly recommend! Good restaurant! Although the restaurant is not spacious, I will come here very often. By the way, their fish is delicious.
Checked out this newly opened Chinese restaurant supposedly owned by the owner of one of the earliest Chinese restaurants on Main Street Flushing, Lao Dai Ji, from at least 30 years ago. A mixture of typical Taiwanese, Shanghainese, and Szechuan dishes on the menu. We tried their fava bean with scallions and chicken marinated in wine cold dishes, meat ball in brown sauce, seaweed fried fish, and stir-fried rice cake with cabbage. The cold dishes were pretty authentic but the meat ball meat was too skinny.
IMO many great tasting Taiwanese Restaurants in Flushing have gone downhill in taste over the years due to change of chefs.  Thanks to my mechanic who's a frequent here since day1 and he introduced me to a new joint near Flushing hospital called Lucky Restaurant 小炒王(king of stirr fry).  IMO best traditional Taiwanese dishes I've tasted in years.   I'm so glad I found my new Taiwanese food in Flushing and my new favorite. The owner is hip and cool and well spoken.  BYOB. I highly recommend!
This place is very legit and authentic, with a lively atmosphere. My family came here to eat, and we knew it would be good because of the lines of Chinese families. My family had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, duck blood with chives, scallion pancake and the double cooked pork. The portions were pretty large for their side, and each entree comes with white rice (but you can always order more). The scallion pancake was mediocre because the dough was too thick, but otherwise, everything was delicious. For those of you who can't eat spicy, be careful here because this region of China's food is typically spicy, so you'll need to confirm with the waiters about the spiciness levels.I would definitely recommend anyone who wants legitimate Jiangsu (Shanghainese) Chinese food to come here to eat!
Probably the best beef noodle soup in queens..gona go back and try more food..will update...straight legit tho
im giving it a 3 star for service and food  Went here for noodle soup thats  nothing extra ordinary.  Theres better places in Flushing
One of my friend recommended this place cause the quality of the food was great and it was outside of Main Street Flushing. I grab one of the take out menu just to see what variety and the pricing is like and at first I thought the price wasn't that bad and decided to order some take out. Order two dishes and when I picked up to pay, the price of the dishes wasn't what it was advertise on their take out menu. So for a restaurant that just open a few months ago and still have the grand opening sign up, to change the price, it's  just fault advertisement. I would not go back to the place since the portion of what you get for the price that you are paying is not worth it. There are other places with similar taste but at a cheaper price
Even better now with new owner. The food is incredible and really satisfies my Taiwanese food cravings.
Authentic Taiwanese food. The minced port over rice is a must try! The service is great and price is reasonable. Will be back!
The food looks alot better in photos then actually tasting it. The steak sizzle plate was very plain and unflavourful while the pork chops were bland. Not much else to say except maybe try other dishes???
Stumble upon this resturant and they had a soft opening. The food here is very reasonable priced and very good. For a small place they have delicious dishes.
i ordered take out from here about a month ago. i went around 5pm and they didnt have more than half of the cold dishes which was a disappointment.when i got home, the food was very oily and the portions were not comparable to the price.i got the zang wong ( pigs blood with intestines) the sauce was good but there were barely any pieces of intestine and that order was like $16.and do not get the dumplings from here. they were REALLY NASTY and EXPENSIVE.the skin was so thick with barely any filling and there were 8 pieces for $6!! never again if youre going to call yourself a tawianese joint u need to have some of the taiwanese snacks such as stinky tofu and oyster pancake. didnt have either. im more than likely not going to be coming back here again.
We came here twice. First time was for dinner. Ordered a sizzling steak and chicken with garlic/basil casserole. Both are very good. Second time, we ordered take out, beef noodle soup and pork with garlic sauce over rice.  The beef noodle soup is the BEST around town! Must EAT here! The price of the dishes are very affordable.
Love their Taiwanese Beef Noodles!   Always crowded and busy.   Will definitely try some of their dishes next time.
The food here is very average. I've tried much better tasting Tsong Wong (Duck Blood..) elsewhere. The sauce had no flavor for one.. It was our first time here and was hoping for some good suggestions on food, even though our waitress was pleasant the Dou Ban Striped Bass tasted horrible and had no flavor plus it was quite expensive for some frozen farmed fish. Other than that, the service was nice..Restroom was clean, front counter person nice..I will come back again with my cousin and order some of the classic dishes we had in Taiwan and see what he says..
Great food! Owners were lovely. Will definitely be back. The chicken and basil casserole was some of the best chicken I've ever had.
AUTHENTIC . 100%Probably the best Taiwanese beef noodles in Queens. Attentative staff!!
I went there for dinner 1 time , and the place looks nice but what disappointed me was that the chicken leg over rice was 8 in change from the menu in the restaurant which was tiny tiny bit expensive than competitors and the portion was much smaller compare to other Taiwanese restaurants and the chicken doesn't have any taste and pan fried dumplings is 7 dollars with 8 dumplings only. I don't understand where they get the reasonable price from and the good taste and I have no interest to slander this restaurant but I was quite disappointed.
