The restaurant is clean. About half the tables have a built in grill but for the other half, they will bring a table-top grill to you. Everything is a la carte, from the lettuce/rice/kimchi to the meat. So the price comes out to be very cheap depending on what your order. However, it does not come with any of the banchans that you typically get at other kbbq places. The meat was delicious and good quality. My boyfriend and I got the bulgogi & the pork belly and that was filling for the both of us. All the plates are $9.99/lb and I hope they do keep it that way. Overall, the food was delicious and the meal was very inexpensive when compared to other places.My only concern was the service. There was about 2 servers and we went for dinner around 7:30pm and the place was busy. It was a little hard to get their attention. They also forgot one of our orders (which turned out to be okay because we got too much food already) and then charged us for a second rice (but we never got the first bowl so I had to ask for it again). However, they were understanding and had deducted it from our bill after I had brought it to their attention (so double check your bill to make sure!).Overall, good atmosphere to eat, the food was good. The service could use some improvement but I would go back and give them another chance!
The $$$ rating is totally off.  It's more along the lines of $$, mainly because of the everyday $10 per meat dish that's unheard of in Queens Ktown.  The price is balanced off by not offering very much in the way of banchan, which are practically non-existent.  However, you can order some a la carte.  You do get a bottomless salad bowl, bean paste condiments and some raw garlic & sliced hot peppers.  To that, we added a plate of kimchi and an order of eggs for $3 each.  The plate of kimchi was the most I've ever had at a Korean restaurant, so was well worth it.  I wasn't sure what shape or form the eggs would come in, but we received 3 pan fried eggs which were pretty much how I would cook them at home.  You also have to order lettuce if you want to wrap your meat. We had a soon tofu soup, which came bubbling hot as it should.  For the grill, we went with orders of the pork belly, marinated chicken and marinated steak, all pretty tasty.  The steak was not as expected as it was just cubed beef.  Our servers were very attentive to putting the meat on the grill, turning it over and cutting to bite sized pieces.  The three of us were still kind of hungry after the 3 meats and decided to order an additional bulgogi.  The bulgogi was boneless, sliced and marinated but not dry grilled as at other KBBQ places.  It was served jungol style, brought out on a domed bronze platter placed right over the burner.  As the meat, onions, scallions and mushrooms on top of the dome sizzled, the juices flowed down into the surrounding trough, which had broth in it to make a tasty soup.  Dip your spoon in.  It's sweet, savory and delicious!I was disappointed that they didn't have kalbi on the menu, which is one of my favorites.  Add marinated beef short ribs to the menu, please!  Also strange was that they also offer pho, which we didn't try, but maybe next time.  Street parking is cut throat in this neighborhood, just so you know, especially around dinner time.
More like 3.5 stars. This spot just recently opened nearby my house and I saw they had a $9.99 kbbq special so i had to go try it out. Its located in an area where korean fare is abundant to say the least and the standard for good food at a good price is set very high. The competition is immense but only time will tell if they make it long term. Me and my sister ordered the pork belly, bulgogi, and beef brisket along with two soondubus as a side. The meats were $10 each and the soondubu was $4 i think? It was smaller than a regular sized one but never the less filling. The pork belly was juicy and melted in your mouth after taking it off the grill. I usually dont like pork belly because i feel like its too tough and fatty whenever i get it. I was pleasantly surprised by the pork belly here though. The bulgogi was honestly terrible. There were so many pieces of fat and chewy tendon in it that i barely got any real meat out of it. That was a waste. The brisket was pretty decent but the plate went too quickly unfortunately. There wasn't anything special about the soondubu and the lettuce was an additional $3 to wrap the meat in. Which i was kind of bummed about because it wasn't the best lettuce and that stuff is usually standard with any kbbq meal. Im not sure if i would come back again because there are so many better places where the bill comes out to be the same but i leave more satisfied.
We came into this small restaurant for lunch today. Left full and happy..and smelling like Korean barbecue! The price is super reasonable for Korean barbecue. The plates of meat are $9.99/lb of meat. We tried the premium beef steak, spicy pork belly and the bulgogi. My favorite is the spicy pork belly, so delicious. Skip the bulgogi.Everything is priced a la carte including the basket of romaine lettuce $2.99 which is fine. The plates of barbecue meat is $9.99/pound which is an amazing deal and delicious. I am still thinking about the spicy pork belly.The guy who helped us is nice. I believe he was the owner? The communication is lacking a little but hey the menu has photos so it's a point and order thing, it worked. There are sides on the menu but we were there for the meat! I would go back and just order two plates of the spicy pork belly again for myself. I guess I could share!
This is not a bad place if you want to eat a lot of meat! We came here because it is close to where Big sister lives, and we just wanted some place that is walk-able. It seems small from the outside, but there are plenty of seats on the inside. They don't have a huge ventilation system, but I am surprised by how it's not very smokey or overwhelmingly pungent. The menu is limited, which is actually a good thing. The prices are so cheap, we otherwise would have really just ordered too much! There isn't a whole lot of banchan -- just a salad. You have to order kimchi separate, as well as any lettuce wraps or other sides. However, it isn't expensive, and we fed (overfed?) 6 people for less than $60, AND it was majority meats. Not bad, if you ask me!
EXTREMELY GOOD PRICE!! 9.99 for a 1lb or meat!!!The servers are extreamly nice and homely they speak both Chinese and Korean! Amazing food!! And a big order of kimchi make it all the more better!
We went here for my Dad's birthday for the grand opening. While the food was okay, I was very disappointed by how the servers treated us. There were only two waiteresses and it was a crowded weekend night, which was already a bad sign, but the main problem was that neither of the two waiters spoke English. They have signs on the wall saying that you grill your own meat- in actuality the waiters do it, but this was not explained. How this played out was that we were given a plate of raw meat and told not to use the grill, and then ignored/given attitude when we tried to ask what was going on. The entire mood was ruined for the rest of the dinner because of this.
The meat is super good quality and not expensive at all. The staff are really nice people and the energy is very welcoming. I come only here for k-bbq.
I lovee this place. It's really cheap and great to go with a small group of people and order a lot of meat and pho and share. The food is pretty good and the people are nice too!
Very nice bbq place. The price is so cheap, and the meat quality is good. I was very impressed.  Love the premium steak
Mika's always has a great vibe and they're open pretty late.  My favorites are the beef brisket and the thin pork belly.  The staff are very friendly, attentive and helpful.  Although it's not on the menu, they also have gyeran jin and japgokbap.
Fantastic. I love the quality of the pork belly and they are thick and doesnt not smell at all. Price is very adequate. So far ive only tried pork belly, beef brisket , beef pho, and marinated beef steak and all of them have been well above average. i would recommend
This place is really amazingI went for lunch, the price is very cheap but the meat and kimuchi are soooo good. The owner Ms.mika is a really nice person.
My intention is to give ZERO star, instead of one star. Wait for more than five 5 mins, when the boss told us to wait 5 mins for the table. Special-$9.99/lb of the meats, but we don't believe it comes like one pound for us.. we still have some meat on the pan, but the waiter took it away without asking us.. Marinated equal nothing..I believe the previous views are fake..not recommended at all
