Unlike the street BBQ, this restaurant's BBQ tastes much better than those in the street, especially their texture. I can taste that their meat is much fresher than others.I love the raw beef bbq the most. I used to eat a lot in China. But ever since I come to the US, couldn't find any place to eat this. Make me miss my hometown.Sometimes service is a little bit slow because the store is not that big. But service quality is pretty good. Waiter and waitress are very friendly. I definitely will come here very often. Recommend to you as well.
Love their meat pie(火勺）and lamb soup ( other foods are about average). Poor hygiene and bad services are their biggest spotlight. Yes, they don't care about their consumers. Don't ever expect to receive an average service here cuz they don't have any here. They ignore you since the moment you step in the restaurant. Sometimes, you'd have to service yourself cuz they won't serve you any drink unless you ask.
Try the beef 火勺 (bun?) and the lamb tripe soup. Zouji BBQ (邹记牛肉火勺) is located in the less crowded side of Main street, away from the 7 train. The service here is nice, very polite! The menu is in Chinese and be aware that there is no BBQ available in the morning or early noon hours since the BBQ cook comes in later. The kitchen is is open for other non bbq items on the menu and you might be able to request certain dishes off the menu. For instance, we ordered a couple of the small beef buns, lamb soup, a dozen dumplings but I also ached for something lighter so I asked if there are any veggie offerings. The lady who attended us was able to get the kitchen to fix up some cucumber salad off the menu.These pastry buns (火勺) are small ($0.75 each) and not the fluffy kind. This type of savory pastry supposedly originated back in the 1100's, under Emperor Taizu of Jin as army food. Nowadays there are many variations depending on the region and often considered to be halal. Around Tieling region in Northeast of China, according to wiki Baidu, the locals serve these beef buns alongside the lamb soup. The lamb soup is a milky white broth with diced tripe. With a few sprinkle salt and a bit of adjustment to the game smell of lamb, you'll be enjoying this in no time while pairing it with the buns.Skip the dumplings. While generous in size, the wrapping dough is much too thick.Cash only. 3.75 stars
The 火勺 is really good! Taste exactly like the one I used to eat in my hometown Tieling. Very authetic.I also like their BBQ and cold dish a lot. Especially the raw shrimp. Spicy but taste so good. A very good choice to choose when you are planning to drink a beer.Sometimes they are busy and wait a little bit long. But the food worths the wait.
This is amazing restaurant, not very big, but very clean. Excellent service!  I live in Brooklyn, I used amost like 2hours to drive there, the food is very good, makes me feel like I am in my hometown,I highly recommend it!
Walking in I can see that this is a tiny mom and pop shop, I bought 5 lamb spicy cumin skewers for about 7.50! (will post pictures on my next visit). Holy smokes, this place is now my go to spot for lamb skewers/protein fix. I usually don't like going to street carts to get the skewers due to the cleanliness and getting sick from the food. The lamb here is thicker and chunkier than the street carts. Glad to have this in the neighborhood. Their menu is entirely chinese, so you have to point at the pictures on the wall to tell them what you want! Luckily I can speak/wing out the mandarin.
Nice place to gathering with friends and the food are great! You won't regret coming here to eat these delicious food!! I love their raw beef bbq ,chicken bbq, and huo shao.
The place might be petite but it is packed with flavor. Must order the soup and the pancake on the front page of the menu.  Bbq is awesome as advertised.  However the noodle is just as good. Will come back many more times.
My two favorite items on the menu are the grilled fish and the raw meat on skewer (it does taste like its tossed over the fire really quickly before it's served so it has a perfect medium rare texture). I'm not too familiar with food from northern china, but the skewers here are way better than the street cart bbq skewers. It gives me a new respect for food northerner food. If you like flavorful, spicy food, this is the place for you! The signature item on the menu here is homemade beef pancakes so make sure you order this first as it does take some time to prepare and cook. I drool a bit just thinking about the crispy, flakey texture when you bite down and stopping at the juicy meat stuffed inside. Great place for drinkers. The shop is small and cozy so get here before the line starts to form. The location is a little bit satellite but definitely worth the trip. If you're out late at night and looking for a place for round 2 or round 3, they're open until 2am!
there bbq is sooo good.fresh and teasty.the cold dish is fantastic too,love this place!b
