To be honest, I don't even like salad but the salad they make here was better than I expected. I've been here a few times already and it's now the only place I order from when I'm in the mood for some salad. Most of the salads on the menu are $8-9 before tax, but you can also customize your own salad with whatever they have starting from $7. I like the Avocado Veggie Salad w/ creamy sesame dressing so that's what I usually end up getting. They make the salads to order and it usually takes them around ~10 mins. Keep in mind the wait-time is going to be longer if you want grilled steak on your salad or something. Either way, I recommend calling in the order if you know what you want and don't like waiting. Especially since you'll likely just be standing around since the Mall/building removed all the benches they had there a while ago for whatever reason.
I yelped for a salad place in Flushing (which barely exists) and this place came up! I've been coming here for a couple of weeks consecutively. I'm scared of trying new places and seems odd to finally have a salad place in FLUSHING but I tried it anyways.Verdict? I love this place! Their salads and hot herbal jelly have been my go to orders here and no regrets. Lately it has been a long wait but I don't mind knowing they are making everything freshly on the spot. The workers are also always working swiftly and nonstop so I have respect for that. I usually call ahead of time to order so I give them some time to make it and by the time I get there, I can pick up or wait awhile until it is done. I usually don't like to wait because I am always on-the-go but if I want quality, nicely presented salads, I go here. The workers are also really nice and care about your orders. Love the fact they have kale (big fan)So thank goodness for finally having a great salad place in Flushing! (It's about time!)
I was looking for a salad spot and Leaf Garden always popped up on yelp. I decided to give it a try. They have tons of options to choose from. I decided to "make your own salad". I ordered organic spring mix, cherry tomato, red onion, carrots, cucumbers and cage free chicken. I wanted to try a different type of dressing since I feel like I always chose the same old Italian, or oil & vinegar. So my choice of dressing was lemon parsley w/olive oil. I also added avocado too for additional charge. Since salads already come with the avocado but since I chose "make your own salad" the avocado was an additional charge. The salad was very good. It was good decent portion. Overall it was delicious but the only thing that bothered me was that they forgot to add the avocados. I paid extra for the avocado and once I got home there was no avocado to be found. (I should of checked before leaving)
If I want a freshly made green juice I get it here.  It's $5 for a medium which is cheaper than Manhattan.  Very nice selection of veg and/or fruit juices.  Healthy, delicious, and refreshing.  I'll try their salads in the future which other reviewers like.  The counter people are nice.
I'm a big fan of their herbal jelly dessert! It's so good!!! I usually get sago, mochi, and sweet potatoes as my toppings. The herbal jelly works so well with condense milk and when you mix all the toppings together it's even better! Their mochi isn't hard or too chewy, sometimes I add two orders of it hehhehe.Food does take longer for them to make since they operate in a small kiosk. I would call to order ahead if your time sensitive.They also serve a bunch of salads and fresh juices! I've ordered the mean green drink, personally I'm not a fan. I've had plenty of green juices that had a variety of robust fiber dense vegetables but it still had a great taste. Theirs was for sure healthy but not very tasty. From seeing yelp pics, I really want to try some of their salads next time I come!
Got the customized Salmon salad and Jamaica Sunshine smoothie the second time and it did not disappoint! Jamaica Sunshine has orange, papaya and carrot. I actually got confused and thought this would be juice but it came as a smoothie. Fine with me cause it was still so delicious! No sugar added. The lady was so kind to give me the leftovers from the blender too. And it was only $5! Salmon salad was good but wasn't anything I can't make. I love that the salmon was baked in their mini oven and comes hot on top of your salad. My only complaint is that they didn't give me a good piece of salmon and I kind of noticed they didn't for someone else too. It was still delicious. Also they don't chop their salads which makes it difficult for me to eat without making a mess. Really good lunch after my workout. I can't wait to come back again but I would probably skip the salads next time.
100% fresh ingredients chopped and diced right in front of you. Salad ranges about $10 after tax which is a little pricy for this particular location considering the fact that it is competing with city prices. Juices are $5 which is very reasonable and the sizing is generous. They also have the iconic Taiwanese grass jelly herbal dessert made with taro/sweet potato glutinous balls and other traditional sides such as red bean and tapioca. Again, everything is super fresh and the employees here are lovely. P.s There are no seating in doors but you can find a bench or two where you can sit close by and munch on!
Came here today & got the " Jamaica sunshine " juice, I couldn't believe there was no added sugar in it, it's delicious! I most definitely recommend this place to anyone who's in flushing looking for freshly squeezed juices & a great variety of themalso :) will definitely try one of their salads my next time around!
Got me a healthy lunch today to make sure I shit all the bad stuff out, ya know? Thoughts: I ordered the Healthy Hearty Chicken Salad w/ balsamic vinaigrette for $8 + tax. It was fresh and tasted delish  But dayum, eating healthy is expensive
My visit to Leaf Garden was solid: every aspect of my time there was awesome except for the portion sizes that this business isn't generous with, unfortunately. Since I'm a vegetarian, I felt glad that this spot offered those options like the shrimp and avocado wrap ($5). I also ordered a hot Earl Grey tea to soothe my sore throat, and the server was willing to put cold water in it to make the drink warm (props to her). The portion size of the wrap was disappointing, since I finished it in three bites. On the menu, this is listed as an entree but it's more of an appetizer. Since Leaf Garden is situated inside a mall, there isn't seating available specific to LG customers, but there are benches throughout the building that you can sit at. Leaf Garden is one of those one hit wonder types of places for me: I enjoyed experiencing its food during my first time there, but I don't plan on going back.
Surprisingly good! I ordered the shrimp salad and hot herb jelly (with tapioca, sago, red beans) to go. Flavor profile, freshness, everything was on point. I really liked the house sauce that came with it, actually it was the highlight of the salad.But the reason why a star is taken off is because of the portion. I usually never finish my meals, but for this, I finished everything and still felt hungry. The portion itself is enough for a light meal but not a real entree. I also originally wanted to order the bowl (it was on the menu) but they said they didn't serve that because they don't have anything with rice. Then I opted for the steak salad but they said they also don't have steak at the moment. So I ended up with a shrimp salad which wasn't my first choice at all. And I'm also a big bubble tea fan because I love tapioca, but the tapioca on the herb jelly was not good. It was edible but not what I would call good tapioca. It had no flavor, it clumped together, and stuck to your teeth. I'd advise to opt for another topping.
It's rare to find a salad place in Flushing. I came here for the hot herbal jelly dessert. I added sweet potatoes, mochi and red bean. It came with a side of condensed milk. There is ice beneath the herbal jelly. It's a very good dessert for the summer. It is a bit small for $6... looks big but the container doesn't hold much. We also ordered a watermelon slush, which tasted more like watermelon juice. The ladies that work there were very kind ~
Pleasantly surprised. The salad was fresh and absolutely delicious. We both had the cage free chicken and avocado with Creamy Sesame dressing. We also tried the avocado toast, a fresh juice and the herbal jelly. The herbal jelly was first for me and I loved it. Everything was a super win! Can't wait to try the rest of their salads!
PROS: 1. Their menu is very health-conscious yet delicious, which can be difficult to find in the Main St Flushing area. Their servings were also bigger than I expected. 2. There's a lot of variety! They have different salads, smoothies, poke bowls, and even dessert. All are delicious, and reasonably priced!CONS:1. The food takes FOREVER. I came here twice, and each time was a 15 to 20-minute wait. It does depend on what you order. I got a salad with pasta, and I saw them boil the pasta fresh after I ordered. Horrible if you're on a tight schedule. 2. There's no designated seating area to eat the food, so you will probably have to take it to-go.
I ordered the sweet green and it was fresh and delicious! It's a kiosk inside the mall but right near the entrance if you want to grab a quick juice. The lady was friendly and quick and served me right away. There was no line but I was waiting for a meeting to start so hung by the benches. Few people during this time popped in and out grabbing juices. Place looked clean and would def go there again if I'm by that area in flushing.
The salad was $8. They don't have seats but the salad was better than Prince tea house's salad. The herbal jelly dessert was $6 for shaved ice and $5 for hot jelly. It comes with 3 toppings of your choice
I've only tried their juices which are great and well worth the price. The food seems a little expensive but for a good salad,  it's worth it. There aren't a lot of healthy food options available in the area either. Fruit and veggies always look fresh.
Finally got to grab food here tonight. Good thing a Yelper had mentioned in her post the place is located inside Arcadia Mall. Thanks girl! The building #s on this block is almost impossible to spot. But then again it could be that I wasn't wearing my glasses. Anyways fellow Yelpers, if u don't wanna look like a tourist scanning each building for this place, the mall is right next to Bank of China at the corner of Main St & Franklin Ave. This place is a hidden gem! Lady at the counter is super nice, she speaks English, Cantonese & Mandarin. The food is made w fresh ingredients & prepared right before ur eyes. No shady behind some high counter I don't know if u dropped my food on the floor kind of nonsense. Ordered the BLT Chopped Salad, Grilled Wild Salmon Salad, BLT Panini, Shrimp Wrap & a Mean Green Juice. The salmon was cooked perfectly! Everything was delicious, crisp, clean & oh so healthy. I feel like I should balance this meal out by gnawing on a slab of pork belly.I wish they do well & open a 2nd location in Brooklyn. Service: 100%Food: 100%Price: 100% affordableCounter Lady's Grandson: 100% cute
Located in Arcadia Mall a few blocks down on Main St., Leaf Garden is an oasis amid the local Chinese and Middle Eastern joints. The impeccably clean and open layout was a pleasant surprise. I ordered a $6 chicken panini with cage free (!) chicken, egg, avocado, tomato, lettuce, and honey mustard. While not an out-of-this world sandwich, I thought it represented Leaf Garden well - simple, healthy, and unpretentious. Everything on the menu was very reasonably priced and I will be back to try one of their fresh smoothies. Let's give them our support! I'd hate for such a rare gem to close down due to lack of business.
I could eat here everyday if i can~Just wish they had open at a place with seating :(
I love this place! I've been looking for a place like this. It's perfect for people who is trying watch their weight. So healthy and fresh. I love all the options that I could choose for my salad. It's a plus they sell freshly squeeze juices.
We bought the shaved ice with 3 toppings, but we had to wait for more than 15mins.  Most importantly, the shaved ice was melted and became watery!  Very little toppings in it.  I felt like I was drinking water!  The funny thing is, when we pointed it out, the owner (i think she is) said it tastes better watery.  What??  Don't bullshit me like that.
This place is literally the best place for high quality and organic food in the neighborhood. I'm in love with their veggie juice. They use the same organic kale/spinach that I used to buy from Whole Foods. How do I know? They open the bag right in front of me. I support this place and I support health clean high quality food. Because you are what you eat!!!
I hangout in flushing alot especially when I'm running errands. I stop in for a juice it was nice to get a fresh squeeze juice. I would definitely reccomend this place to anyone in the area its on main street
Fresh squeezed juices at a great price. Good sandwiches and wraps as well. There are some bench seating in the mall.
I love this place, sandwiches and salads and smoothies are all freshly made after u order and food taste good! Staff is friendly! Definitely will be coming often! This is my kind of food! I ordered the BLT panini and milk tea, the sandwich was very delicious the bread was crispy, bacon was fried right in front of me and the tea was big for $2.50 and taste better than the bakery next door!
So happy there's finally somewhere you can get healthy salads from in Flushing!!  Love their hearty chicken salad.  There's so many different ingredients in it and it's made fresh to order.  Their chicken wing+leg combo is pretty good as well.  Just make sure you have time to wait as it takes a while to cook in their mini toaster oven.
Great everything! Fresh organic ingredients. Kind helpful attentive ownership. Perfect for a quick salad or smoothie. Great job
My first time ordering the salad and I'm so not satisfy with it. They didn't provide any dressing although I selected which dressing I wanted. So basically I ate a plain tasteless salad for $10..
Definitely five stars! One of the few healthy and tasty choices in Flushing. Love their wraps.
This is what Flushing has needed for a longggg time.  There are many delicious chinese, korean and fast food options in Flushing but not many healthy options.  I know that many people who work or live around this area go to subway, or G and G deli for some healthy choices but find that those places are very limited.  Leaf Garden serves fresh food at a good price and they deliver!!!!  This is my new "go to" for lunch.
The food is delicious and hearty and they have a cute seating area not to mention the staffs are very nice, very hospitable. Very happy with this place.
Healthy and delicious food which also has a small private sitting area. The staff is very friendly and helpful, they offer very good customer service. This is a good  place for healthy eats in Flushing, which is rare.
Went there and ordered a watermelon ice and it was delicious.  For $2.00, they used all watermelon with no added sugar.  It was really fresh.  Can't beat it.  The salads and paninis look great too!  The place looks very fresh and is in middle of the Arcadia mall.  The mall has a number of big name Chinese restaurants recognized in the New York Times such as the Dumpling Galaxy, Niu Pot and coming soon, Cin Chinese.  Leaf Garden's healthy choices are perfect alternatives to the establishments in the Arcadia Mall.
