As close as I've ever gotten to rice noodle soup that evokes my home province Yunnan. The flavor profile of Guizhou is decidedly more sour but I love it. I'm incredibly lucky to have this affordable almost taste of home on my block and eat here often. For anyone who's never been: just know you can ask for both rice and traditional noodles. The latter takes longer. Also, you can specify spicy or not spicy and even no cilantro etc.
No service, when we make order, the owner looks like someone own her a lot money, and even made order wrong twice, fine. The worth thing is when I stand from of  the counter ask for a soda, she just keep playing her phone and after I asked more than 3 times, she told me: take it from refrigerator by myself. Tasty really bad, noodle cook too long, that tast too soft. The worst Chinese food even in Flushing area.On the photo can figure out there no one stand by the counter during lunch time.
Short and simple menu but I wish the English was translated better instead of having terms you'd have to go.It's not as spicy as you'd think perfect balance of meat and flavors.
Was just around the area to find something to eat for lunch on Sunday around 12PM. I was hungry and I saw this newly design restaurant , I thought they renovated the old restaurant. I walked in and found out that this is a new restaurant and the previous dumpling shop was out of business. There were only 4 rectangular tables and 2 other tables on the glass window. The menus was displayed on the screen on top of the counter. I was expecting to be very busy but there were only 2 costumers. I guess this is too far away from Main St and no one want to travel all the way here to try it unless it is extraordinary. Beside there are couple similar restaurants around the Main St. This place is self serve so don't expect too much from the servers. I ordered the beef mifen (direct translate rice noodles), it was good. The price on the menus is tax included and my beef mifen came out to be $7.99. The general construction of their noodle soup is noodle with sour cabbage and sour daikon and the meat(depend on which one you order). The favor of the soup is a bit bland so I added their spice on the table. Just an reminder, don't put too much random stuff when you don't know what is it. I learn it a hard way and put too much of their spice then my tongue got numb. Overall it was okay. I will come here again if I am around the area.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.5/5.0Decor: 2.0/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Good guizhou noodle spot in Flushing.  There are a few in the area including in some of the local food halls, but I think this one is probably the best.  Note that the food experience can be slightly off depending on who's working -- ie. whether they'll flavor it for you to leave it up to you.  Don't expect too much on the service side.
My favorite dish here is probably the Mutton with the Skin Vermicelli, followed by the stewed beef as a close second. The soup has a tanginess that really cuts through the fattiness of the mutton and ughhhhhh I'm drooling just thinking about it. If it's your first time trying Guizhou noodles, get the vermicelli as it's chewier than regular rice vermicelli. And stick with either the regular mutton or the beef, as the Pickled Pepper/Red Sour soups might be sour overload. If you enjoy tripe, their braised tripe is also really good, since they add that spicy sauce to it. If only the restaurant was closer to the station, I would go there every week for sure. PS: The mutton has bones in it, if you don't like bones, don't get it. Personally I love eating meat off the bone but whatever floats your boat.
This is definitely the my new favorite spot in Flushing. I was drove to flushing to visit my friend and it was so late, I saw a newly renovated place and it kind of stand out in that street. The owner recommended the Beef Mifen and sesame pancake. I was soooo gooood, the beef was very tender and chewy, the broth was well balanced between just the right amount of sourness and spiciness. To be honest , I was never a big fan of Mifen, after trying that dish I changed my mind.I also gave the owner five star as well since he is supper nice and explained the ingredients to me very patiently. Highly recommended! Definitely go there try out the tons of flavor Mifen!
I have eaten here are 4-5times. It was always really good until the last time I went. The order was too salty. Then when I went back to tell them, they told me that I should've told me to not make it so salty. If you want us to do that, you should definitely put that on the menu. Honestly, the first few times were so good and I ordered the same thing as I did for the last order. So, I just thought the taste would have been the same too.
I think they just opened few months ago. The store is very clean and the atmosphere is very cozy. The most popular menu is beef mifen, but I also like their lamb w skin mifen. Their sour & spicy sauce is also very unique and delicious.
Newly opened! Soup is very tasty, and there are a lot of choices. There aren't many seats, but it's very clean and cozy. Price is also good, very cheap with good portion.
New York I have eaten the best beef meal. Shopkeeper is also handsome  he is always smiling and offering you the most intimate service Living in New York can also eat the taste of home
The flavors of the noodle soup are perfect with a healthy serving size that easily fills you up. It is nice to see a constant stream of local customers that come in for takeout or sit-in while I am enjoying a large bowl of beef noodle soup. Confirms for me that everyone who have tried their soups end up being repeat customers.
I went here with my wife.  I had the spicy sour beef soup, she had the lamb.  Both we're delicious.  Very affordable.  I thought the environment was a little off, and the guy at the counter was a bit quick with me.  But overall a Good lunch spot.
They make crazy good noodles. My personal favorite is Beef Offal Vermicelli. I come all the way from Manhattan to eat this awesome dish. And this food is completely foreign to me(I am Korean not Chinese(Guizhou)). When my Chinese girlfriend introduced me this noodle, my mind blew and instantly fell in love with it. I hope they deliver to the city more often.
This is my go to place now when I work late.  Their beef noodle is very good, especially like the beef, very tender.
Best Mifen I've ever had. Will definitely recommend friends to try this. Really appreciate we have such a decent dinning place in the neighborhood.
