Such a great spacious and modern place to enjoy authentic Szechuan food. All dishes are hot, numbing, spicy, flavorful .. cravings resolved!It is really far from the city but it's worth the 50 minute train ride on the 7 line for me because I'm a szechuan food junkie. I had the spicy beef tribe, a fish dish ( forgot whats it called), and stewed fatty beef with inoki mushroom. Everything was so tasty and the side dish they offered was so good. Wish they refilled it for free but it turns out you have to pay if you want more.
Price: above average Dish: averageStay away from some of their so called Szechuan dish, like fish in pickle soup. It's not Szechuan dish at all. After I pointed this out, they claimed locals like it that way. Plain soup, cheap fish and supermarket pickle. Actually they do have some decent dish at price under $15. I suggest you try those dish.So far I don't find any dish above $20 worth the money. You go to else where they have true Szechuan, and not make cheap dish and claim people like it!
I gave it three stars because the food is really just aight. fish filet with pickled veggies soup: it's alright, the quantity is pretty good, but it tastes kinda plain. Sauteed loofah with garlic: pretty disappointing. it doesnt taste that good either, I dont recommend this dish, even though I personally love loofah.spicy chicken stew: the chicken is very tender and soft, but it's not spicy at all.The wait is usually pretty crazy, so make reservation if you wanna skip the line.
The food was good but wasnt as spicy as expected.service was good. The wait for the table was long And there werent enough room to wait for a table.
This place was packed when we went. My bf was the only non-Chinese person there. There's free hot tea over a little fire in the most luxurious cups. We ordered the pig intestines and fire pepper chicken, with salted egg corn as an appetizer. The salted egg corn was AMAZING. It totally stole the show. Imagine tiny kernels of corn, each individually fried and then coated in salted egg. Seriously I could eat that for a meal and I love meat! Whattt? The other two dishes were mouth-numbing, as expected for Szechuan food. The crispy intestines were super juicy and the chicken was incredibly lightly fried with flavor. At the end, I asked another server for the salted corn to be boxed up to go. The other two dishes were just peppers at this point. Our original server came back and said that the person who took our food to be boxed up didn't understand and instead boxed up the peppers. I laughed because I thought it was funny how someone could think that, and before I had a chance to respond he offered to take it off or cook a new one. I asked for just a small portion to be fair bc I had eaten 1/2 of it. He came back later with an entire potion for me to take home. The peppers were also in the to go container. Lol. Great food, great service, full of Chinese people so you know it's legit.
I'd heard good things about this place from several people, so came in with high expectations. Unfortunately it didn't live up to them. Not even close. There's really nothing special about it, so I can't understand what the hype is about. Sure, the restaurant is trendier than your standard Sichuan place, but you are paying for it... prices here are substantially higher than elsewhere. Ordered the beef in chilli oil dish, which was way too salty. This is a standard order of mine at Sichuan places, and I can confidently say that this is among the worst that I've had. Apart from the salt, I couldn't taste much else. Its not very spicy either.Also ordered the sliced pork belly as it was mentioned several times in the reviews. That did taste fairly good (not exceptional), but it was pretty expensive (due to the stingy portions... see pic).In summary, you are essentially paying premium prices for medicore food in a cool looking restaurant.
Modern and delicious Szechuan food! It was the most reasonable choice after a freezing hockey game at Citi Field. We took the train one stop to Flushing and decided on venturing to something new, ditching the staples like Nanxiang. Absolutely incredible. We were seated in 20 mins because we arrive before 4pm. Ordered bunch of dishes to shared among two and all of them are wonderful. The highlight would be the cabbage and the hanging bacon dish. The cabbage was very flavorful and the cold bacon dish was refreshing with the cucumber and garlic hot oil. The other are standard with good amount of spicy and numb. Highly recommended! Ready to try more dishes and maybe go hit up the St. Marks location.
Been quite into Szechuan food lately so my boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try. We waited for 15 minutes for a table on a Friday night, which is not bad at all. The details in this restaurant is absolutely eye catching! From the theme of the restaurant to their menu, I was amazed. For our dishes we ordered stir fried chicken with chili peppers, mapo tofu and sautéed spinach with garlic. The stir fried chicken with chili peppers was very good. The chicken was very tender and not overly fried. It's so easy to eat the small pieces of chicken that you just can't stop going for it. Spiciness is manageable and goes very well with rice. It does numb your lips a bit.The mapo tofu was also very good, although it wasn't very flavorful. I felt like it was just something we needed in addition to the chicken.We ordered the sautéed spinach with garlic only because the sautéed string beans weren't available but it was a great veggie dish. Overall, I was pretty much satisfied with the food but just a bit disappointed with the service. We had to ask two times to different waiters that we don't have cups for our tea. I was also hoping to try their complementary dessert but sadly they weren't serving it by the time we finished eating. Hopefully we can try it the next time we visit ~
This is my FAVORITE Chinese restaurants not only in Flushing area, but in NYC as well!!!Dry fried shredded cabbage is a must try. I order this almost every time I dine in. Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is one of my love too. Very fresh fish and taste great - the closest version you can find in the US comparing to the fish dishes offered in restaurants located in China, as far as I can find. It's very unlikely you will find things you hate or get very disappointed at this place. So be open-minded and order whatever you like.Great ambiance too, bright and oriental.Good service. They offer after-meal special dessert too. Sometimes I got green bean soup or sweet dumpling soup. At last the price is fair. $50 for two with tax and tip included, for one dish of meat/fish/seafood, and one dish for greens. Given the good size of the portion, I think it's a good deal.
This restaurant was absolutely beautiful!!! The decor alone should be enough to entice a visit and the food itself was also very delicious and authentic . Came here as a group around 5pm and already this place was filling up. The waiters were very attentive but did not rush us as we dine which felt really nice because most Chinese restaurant tends to push people along to seat the next group of people. As for their dishes, it was very yummy. Their fish soup with pickled vegetable is a definite must. One of the better soups I had in a very long time. Perfectly spiced yet mild in flavor. Their mapo tofu was also very delicious, though I did wish the pork was more pronounced. Overall, my experience here was indeed delightful and their details to attention was very impressive. Let's just say, I loved it so much that I can't wait to visit this restaurant again so I can try some of their other dishes!
We stopped here based on recommendations from my younger sister who attends NYU. The food was good and authentic. As in the Szechuan spice was legit.Despite all that, I still prefer my own personal Chinatown staples. I think a lot of the place is hype as there was quite a line upon walking in. We called ahead, though, so we didn't wait long.I honestly don't even remember what we ordered which means the food was good but forgettable. Service was good considering the full restaurant. I'm glad I tried it once and would go back but only if others wanted to go first.
To preface the meal: I was super full coming into the restaurant as this was my last meal of the day before I flew back to Chicago. Low expectations were coupled with my lack of appetite. I went with the standard Mapo Tofu. Boy...it was definitely not standard by any means. The Mapo Tofu was maybe the best I've ever had. The spice level was perfect, tofu was cooked perfectly, I could taste the fresh herbs used in the dish, etc.. The spice wasn't overwhelming either. Random tidbit but their tea was really good. I will definitely be back next time to try the rest of their menu! #RefereEats"I call it like I eat it."
Delicious Szechuan cuisine! I'm not a big fan of spicy foods but this place is actually really good. I can usually handle no more than mild spice so whatever dishes we ordered, I just avoid eating the peppers. If you don't eat the pepper then the dish is bearable.  Started off with Sliced Pork belly with chili garlic soy. Love the presentation of the pork. The slices were hanging on a wooden frame like a clothesline. Mapo tofu was very silky and delicious.The interior is modern and beautiful.
Let me start off by saying, food=5 stars and service=5 stars! I came here with my boyfriend and his 3 friends for dinner on a Sunday evening around 10PM. The wait was about 15 minutes or so, not too long. The front desk lady is very well mannered and spoken to us very nicely (unlike other places where they just hush you off on the side). Service: our waiter Jason helped us and recommended dishes for us to try. I must say, he and his fellow staffs offered the best service I've ever had else where. Jason recommended few dishes, and he also informed us the 2 dishes we were getting are made the same way, and that we should probably try something else. I appreciate he honest opinion and not the hard push for expensive dishes. Appetizer: cold chicken in hot chili oil- absolutely bomb! I've never thought a cold chicken dish would taste this good! This dish were gone minutes after it got to our table. Everyone grabbed it and couldn't stop eating. Its not overwhelmingly spicy, it has a good kick of spiciness to it and it's so flavorful. I would recommend this dish. Diced chicken with chilis- this is my ultimate favorite dish. The chicken is diced up in small pieces, and it's soooooo juicy! I thought small pieces would be dry especially it's going to be fried then wok stir fried in chilis, but boyyyyy, was I wrong! The chicken has a numbing kind of spiciness to it, so after a few bites, your mouth and tongue will be numb. But it is so delicious. Beef cooked with veggies in a pot 水煮牛肉- I personally didn't find this dish extremely delicious, but my boyfriend enjoyed it a lot. It's sliced beef boiled in hot spicy soup and it has other Asian veggies in it. I forgot what the veggie is called (brain fart) but it's those tiny thinly beans. Intensities with chilis- I personally don't eat anything organs (other than foie gras) so I did not touch this dish at all. But from my boyfriend's friends and him eating, I know they enjoyed it. They said it does not have those stinky intestines aftertaste so I'll take it as they did a wonderful job cleaning the intestines and eliminating the taste.   Choy stir fried with chilis and pork- I make this dish at home without the pork and my boyfriend loves it. He had informed me that the restaurant's dish had beat the one I made.. so in that case, it's very very good. Ma po tofu- it was okay. We had high hopes for this dish because you can not mess up on ma po tofu. There is just no possible way. But, this dish was just mediocre. It wasn't seasoned enough and did not have the spiciness that the dish suppose to have. Overall, I will definitely come back! How can you not come back when the food is sooooooooo good and they offer exceptional service? But beware of their spiciness, it can give you a stomach if you're not used to intake that much spicy food in one meal.
My friend and I came all the way to Flushing to grab some traditional Szechuan spicy food. The reviews of this restaurant were good, so we had lunch here. The inner decoration was full of traditional Chinese stuffs, such as iron tea port, Pecking Opera masks and hand writings on the wall. We had Maoxuewang, which included duck blood, chicken gizzard, tripe, ham and sprouts. It was really oily and spicy, the exact way it was presented in Chongqing and Szechuan area. We also had corn fried with salted yolk, and rice dumpling soup flavored with homemade wine. All these were super good, and we really enjoyed this meal! Highly recommended!
Beautiful restaurant, great for spicy cravings. After shopping at the Skyview, my family and I stopped here around 4pm and found it still crowded...a testament to how good it is, I guess. This is our third time coming here and I can tell you that each time, both the service and food have been phenomenal. My mother, born and raised in Szechuan, gives a hearty two thumbs up! Must tries include: Szechuan fried rice, braised pork belly (hong shao rou), and the shredded cabbage.
Damnnnnnn good. The interior wins when it comes to the most inviting Szechuan restaurant out there, even in flushing. I'm glad they expanded to st.marks with the same design to welcome non-Chinese people to try them out. Pork belly & cucumber slices with the chili, garlic, oil was delicious. The sauce could just be on a piping hot white rice and I could eat the whole thing. We ordered the corn kernels with duck egg yolk, which was amazing, on top of the spicy chicken wings/bits and the pork belly with grapes. Would definitely return next time and try their soup based dishes. They all looked delicious.
I'm not especially into the laundry drying rack I have at home. What made me think I'd be into a miniaturized version, draped with thin slices of pork belly and cucumber?You see, this is by far the the most appealing sounding app on a very concise starter list that to me, at least, is startlingly and sadly lacking in familiar standbys like Dan Dan Noodles, Spicy Wontons and Cucumber Salad:Now as it turns out, presentation-wise, this app looks every bit as unique as it sounds.  But taste-wise, I wasn't into it.  Sure it was a novelty at first to dip a thin, cooling strip of cucumber, together with a slice of savory pork belly into the tiny bowl of red chili oil that accompanied this dish, but after that first bite or two, I was over it.  Call me basic.  Call me what you will.  But I wanted some carby classics like Scallion Pancakes and Dumplings instead.  The rest of the menu was almost as disappointing.  First of all, there were an awful lot of mains priced above $20 and if memory serves, even $30.  Second of all, there was no Cumin Lamb, a favorite dish I was hoping to order.  After much agonizing, I finally settled on Mapo Tofu, Chongqing Chicken, and Beef with Chili Sauce.  Mapo Tofu was solid, as was the lip-numbing Chongqing Chicken, aka dry-fried Chicken tossed with Dried Chile Peppers.  With the latter, though, I wish the chicken hadn't been cut so small.  The Beef with Chili Sauce, which I'd ordered with my kid in mind, was served in a ton of vaguely spicy, oily broth.  Kid and hubby liked it well enough, but imo, it was blah.  Our meal came with a gratis pot of the loveliest floral Jasmine Green Tea that was constantly refilled.  Service, in fact, was very attentive and friendly.  The spacious, clean interior was also tres trendy.   Plus clearly, this spot is popular.  At about 6:30 on a Sunday night, it was PACKED.  But for me, ultimately, the food just wasn't good enough to justify the significantly higher prices.:(
So far my fav Szechuan place in NYC. Very authentic. Came back so many times and never enough. Must have 石锅水煮鱼. 泡椒兔丁 (rabbit) in secret menu is also yummy.
I came to this restaurant upon a friend's recommendation, and honestly just wasn't that impressed. It was pretty busy--there were people in line waiting for a table, but we were fortunate enough to make a reservation. The atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant was nice, with wooden tables and private booths along the sides for larger/privater parties. The service overall was pretty mediocre; although they were packed for Friday night, it took a while for us to flag down the waiters and order. They also kept forgetting our orders. The appetizer with the spicy pickled cabbage was by far the best dish (and mind you, each table can only have 2 aka, one refill). We ordered the pork intestine, chicken, and sauteed green beans. The chicken and pork intestine were both deep fried and really just lacked flavor. Other than the spiciness, no other flavor was really there, and in my opinion, fried for way too long. The green beans were decent and I would highly recommend. Unfortunately, rice costs money and while it does taste good, it would be appreciated if it just came with the meals. Overall pricey and not worth the money unfortunately. Not sure if I would come back.
Wow! Spicy! Had a wonderful lunch here. The pork and cabbage was so tasty! Stir fried frog with dried Sichuan red chilies was strong and fragrant! We also enjoyed the fried eel. Each dish was spicier than the next! The decor is warm. The service is attentive. The place was bustling! Definitely coming back to try some of the other interesting and unusual items on the menu!
My favorite szechuan place if Flushing, and NYC. With two other competitors next door and upstairs, this place is still packed during dinner time. No matter what time I come, usually need to wait 15-20 minutes.The food is not super spicy or salty here but instead it emphasizes the balance between the ingredients and sauce. Every dish is designed and presented in a perfect way that makes you wonder how smart the chef is. What to get: beef and tripe in chili sauce; sour beef soup; cabbage with soy sauce; steamed crab and sticky rice; eggplant and string beans; pork and cucumbers with chili sauce(you'll see almost everyone orders this).The staff are very hospitable and treat you in a respectful and friendly way. They were so thoughtful to change our plates four or five times during our dinner.
Food is average but service is good here. Servers will keep your table attended frequently. I was looking to order some fish here and noticed every single fish on the menu is talapia... me myself I am not a fan of talapia. But I was convinced the the waiter to order one of their best fish dishes on the menu and I did order it. It came in soup and was very sour... The cabbage I ordered was good. Also ordered frog but the frog was super spicy. Most of the dishes here were super spicy so get ready because I wasn't
This is a good place for people who love traditional food. The spice are good. The environment is spacious and they have great dishes.
I would give this place 10stars if I can.Come here for couple years,after the first time try,I've been addicted to this place.The decoration is nice and all the staffs are friendly,their cabbage is the most delicious one that I've tried in this city. Also the frog dish,you won't forget about it.The only thing that make a headache is they always busy when dinner time,you need to wait at least 30mins if you aren't lucky.
When one has just watched Phil Rosenthal make his way through Hong Kong ("I'll Have What Phil's Having!"), and consequently developed a full-on craving for ma-po-tofu, and laziji, and happen to be in #NYC that weekend, well, off to Flushing one goes.Thing is, there are many, *many* restaurants in Flushing, and, unlike Hong-Kong a _lot_ of them, frankly, are The Suck.This, however, is not one of them.The restaurant is elegant, and slightly upscale with excellent service, no odor sticking to your clothes on departure, friendly staff, good explanations, and great, *GREAT* mapo tofu. And laziji. And, well, *everything*.  Just go, you'll love it :-)The wine selection is lame - stick to the beer or sake.
Very beautiful decors and great food , although on the pricey side compared to other szechuan restaurants but worth for the quality and service. The salty eggyork fried with corn was very yummy and plentiful! The fish with spicy oil was flavorful and the live fish fillet  wasn't overcook! The cabbage fried with pork was  good to balance out the spiciness of the fish.
I really liked the food here. We came in after having some dumplings elsewhere in Flushing so weren't that hungry, but we still cleaned our plates. We got the chilli shrimp and sauteed greens, both great. They also brought out some free dessert, a sweet syrupy concoction with fruity bits in it and, of course, tea. I'd definitely come back another day to try more items. I just wish the line was shorter or they took reservations because being quoted an hour's wait time is just too much for my lack of patience.
The pork belly is definitely a must!!!! The service there was very good. However,I tried Ma-la soup for the first time, it's not really my thing but for those who like spicy herb kinda soul would like it for sure.
Love the atmosphere here. Though a bit noisy because they had to cram a lot of people in. As for the food, it wasn't bad. A bit on the salty side but pretty decent and spicy. My biggest complaint is the quantity of food served per dish. Don't be fooled by the averagely priced items on the menu. When they came, I was shocked as how little content (meat in particular, lots of sauces) they contain. My mom and I ordered three dishes (which is usually way more than enough in other Chinese restaurants) but we finished all without a problem.  Though it seems a lot of meat was provided at first glance. Underneath is all cheap vegetables and scallions. A bit disappointed.
I thought it was a really nice and beautiful restaurant. The decor is on point. The food was expensive I'd say, but definitely worth trying. I didn't enjoy it as much as my friend did, but that's all relative. The service was good, they came to change our plates since we ordered crab. Sorry I forgot to take pics of the meal, but we also ordered cabbage and spicy chicken.
If you are in Flushing, this place is a must. When you walk down into the restaurant you are greeted by a small koi pond and a friendly host. The decor is elegant and the staff was excellent. Every dish my wife and I ordered had great presentation and was delicious. We had the sliced pork belly with chili garlic soy as an appetizer. This was not spicy but very flavorful. For the main dishes we had the braised fish head w/ pickled chili and the fried pig intestines w/ red pepper. Both were outstanding. As the side, we had spinach w/ garlic. Lovely garlic flavor.We can't wait to go back to try more.
This place does not close at 11, at least not on Sundays. We came in around 10:30 and they had clients coming in at 11. Service is attentive, place is a bit smaller than what it looks like from the outside but the decor was cute, lots of wooden benches and birds nest looking lamps, there's a koi fish pond in the front which was pretty cool. I fell for the photos and ordered the pork and cucumber hanging from the wooden easel, the spicy sauce was delicious. Sour veggie fish is a must. This place makes it the best I ever had. The fish was fresh and melted in your mouth and the broth was just that right but or sour with a kick of spiciness. Pork belly and grapes in clay pot was way too sweet for me, the cabbage stir friend with black bean and meat was good. we also got some Peking Duck sort of dish, I think it was beef. They heated an oil fire and finished cooking the strips of meat at the table and you put it in a mini bun with spicy sauce and cucumber and scallion... it was soso. Come for the sichuan dishes.
Have heard about this place for a long time and finally got a chance to check it out. The restaurant located on 1/F of Fulton Square. It took us a while to figure it out. We ordered Sliced Pork Belly w/ Chilly Garlic soy, Braised Frog w/ Spicy Chilly Broth, Whole Tilapia w/ Wild Pepper in Stone Bowl, Spicy Pork Aorta, Sautéed Spinach w/ Garlic, though Chicken feet was a miss. The complimentary spicy cabbage and Tong Sui compensated it. Food came really quickly as the server told us. And they refilled the tea pot frequently. After 5:30 pm on weekends there was a wait.
Friendly services, I believe it was the manager that helped us. The wait was average, for a table of four on Saturday night, we waited for 45 mins. The food was average. We tried few bowls. I recommend trying the sour and spicy fish bowl, it definitely required a good skill to make that. I am not a fan of the recommend appetizer of the bacon mix with cucumber although it has a good presentation, but the taste is just not as pleasant to me. However, it seems like a signature dish that everyone order, worth a try for sure~
Best sichuan style food we had in NYC area.cold dish - 螺片with芥末seasoning.  Very fresh.  on the pricey side, but yummy.水煮鱼 and 酸汤肥牛 were also very delicious.  Just me and my husband so we didn't order much.  Will definitely be back for more.  It is on the pricey side, but it is delicious.  I'd rather spend a few more bucks for authenticity.
Everything tasted perfect today. Nothing too salty or too spicy everything was on point expect that beef with bun was nothing too special. Food came real fast too.
The parents were in town and after going all the way to Flushing for an authentic Szechuan meal, we left satisfied and happy. The restaurant decor is absolutely beautiful, and service is impeccable - especially for Chinatown standards. We got a few cold dishes (the best of Szechuan) and some sautéed cabbage and kung pao chicken - it was all tasty. There can be a bit of a wait and prices are higher than what's standard for the area, but the ambience and proper service make up for this.
Been here for couple times. My friend recommended this place when we came to work for the first time. Then I keep coming back every time I come to flushing. It will be better if they serve thin rice noodle in the fish bowl as the traditional way of cooking.
Amazing decor, spicy flavorful food, attentive staff. Soothing Chinese harp music in the restrooms, lol. You can't go wrong with Szechuan Mountain House, definitely a favorite of mine now. Get the sliced pork belly and cucumber with garlic chili oil and the chicken with red chili (in the shovel!).
We went to Szechuan Mountain House when we found out that our beloved Mapo Szechuan next block closed down. The restaurant looks very nice, great decorations and very cute teapots and cups. Food was good. I absolutely loved spicy beef with chilli peppers, it was even better than Mapo's.What we didn't love:Menu is very limited - I didn't find another meat dish I would like. Too much seafood, no duck at all.My wife didn't like the fish they brought and asked for an appetizer instead. They charged us for the appetizer and $25 for the fish she didn't eat. Not even a discount.We might not come back because of that.
The best so far! I'm so glad i tried this new place out as soon as I was in town, and it turned out to be the largest surprise to my NY trip. Growing up in Szechuan, I've been craving for authentic restaurants for long. And I'm happy to claim Szechuan Mountain House as my holy grail after my former favorites La Vie and Cafe China went south.Green pepper fish, eels, and garlic pork slices were so good that I almost bursted into (happy) tears.
If you're ever in the area and are craving spicy Szechuan food, look no further. Upon walking into the restaurant, my boyfriend and I were greeted with dimmed lighting, soft Chinese music, rustic decor, and servers rushing towards us, welcoming us in Chinese. We came at an odd hour of the day (~3PM) and were seating immediately in the practically empty restaurant. There is a good mix of large and small tables, but I'm not particularly certain as to how crowded it'll get/hard it'll be to get a table during the busy hours.There was a small complimentary salad waiting for us at our table when we arrived; it consisted of lettuce, spicy peppers, and chili oil. It was definitely unique, I have never had a spicy salad before. There was also a pot of tea atop a small flame on the table, available for us to refill our cups to our liking. The menu had a wide selection of dishes, but as someone who loves spice but can't handle it, I was focusing more on the mild plates. I settled on the garlic and minced pork only to find out that they didn't have it, which was a complete bummer. My waiter didn't warn us of unavailable items prior to taking our orders, which definitely slowed the ordering process down. Ultimately, I ordered the ma po tofu while my boyfriend ordered a spicy chicken dish (not completely sure what it's actually called). We also decided to order the pork belly that we saw other tables order. After we finished our meals, we were presented with dessert "on the house". I wasn't completely sure what it was that they gave us, but it was a clear sweet syrup-like base with coconut bits and fruits. Nonetheless, it was super refreshing (and free)!The lack of stars is for the price and service. Yes, the restaurant is nice, but their prices compared to those of other restaurants in the area?! Definitely on the expensive end. As for service, we had to flag down a few waiters to get our teapot refilled because apparently only our specific waiter could do it (yet the other waiters just told us that they'll tell him and never did). I was also a bit upset they didn't have the garlic and minced pork dish I wanted; again, a lack of information provided by the server.
I lovED this restaurant! Tonight we ordered 2 dishes. The first one was perfect ! Then we waited 25 min for the second one that we ordered AT THE SAME TIME. It is a dish I particularly adore but on top of being late it was soggy and very few and small pieces were present in the plate. We told the waiter. He proposed to take it away (which is a good thing from him) but never proposed for another option. He actually came back to defend his chef saying that it was 2 batches together and that we should have asked earlier to replace it. HE MADE IT SOUND LIKE WE WERE BEGGING FOR A FREE MEAL WHEN WE WERE JUST ASKING FOR A DESCENT PLATE at 22$... So long...
A bit hard to find if you are not familiar with the area. And parking sucks as anywhere in Flushing...with that being said I still recommend you go! Food is great if you're into the sezchuan spicy. My favorite here is the spicy fried chicken. It hurts so good in your mouth!  It is a bit pricey so I don't come here too often. But the amount of serving is definitely good for at least 2 people. Ambiance is also really nice...
Call ahead an hour before to get a number, this place gets busy every night! Very impressed with their whole fish dishes! They serve complimentary jasmine tea with great aroma, and the staff came to refill the teapot very often! Will definitely come back again!
I decided to check this place out on recommendation from a friend. Great interior design and located conveniently in 1 Fulton Square in Flushing. Food was good, though I must comment that the（ 什么）跳水鸡 (the water jumping chicken, forgot the name) was really bland tasting despite the sauce. It wasn't marinated at all so barely had taste... The good thing though is that this Szechuan restaurant does not kill you with its spiciness. It's spicy, but fit for the average non-spicy eater. Overall the food was good. We ordered eggplant and string beans (which definitely could use a LOT more string beans. See pic) and the bamboo pork, and popular Szechuan chili fish. We also ordered Hot and sour soup which was very large (feeds 6) for such little price. Total came out to be $77 for a family of 4. The tea was so cute too and smelled great. It sat on top of a tea light and was often refilled. Only other minor details noted was a tea cup was chipped which could harm someone's lip, and a bowl was chipped. Other than that, I would go again.
Phenomenal! Love the spiciness. This location has more to offer on the menu, but I think the one in Flushing has better taste.
Atmosphere is nice, food is ok. Better than the normal chinese for sure yet not the best.
One of the few Chinese restaurants that use proper oil (I can only eat canola oil, grape seed oil or pork oil) that doesn't make me sick, so a five star on healthy food right there!I'm not a big fan of spicy food and none of their dishes use spicy sauce: all of them come from natural vege source like chili pepper, another healthy tip for ladies who are afraid of acne popping out after hot food. I think their food is acne friendly.The atmosphere is vivid, a bit noisy but you don't need to shout to let your partner hear you like its peers. You raise your voice a bit and they can hear you :-) very good experience! Everything ok the mild side, from spicy level to sweet level, very close to home-made and maintain a high standard for healthy foodies like me :-)
Wow! It you love authentic spicy Szechuan dishes this is the place for you. The only problem is selecting your dishes because they all look so good!
Beautiful restaurant.Delicious Szechuan cuisine. the best szechuan food in the area. every dish is so good, even the non-spicy one.
Very nice ambience, modern decor, unique menu with many what I would call new Sichuan dishes. I was impressed, it isn't a typical四川 restaurant. Worth a try, would have liked more crazy spicy dishes to choose from.
The service is pretty good of this place. The waiters and waitress are busy but they don't ignore people. They change plates for you, arrange the dishes on the table, and respond when you have needs. The food, I would say, is okay. Some dishes are creative, like the sliced pork belly hanging on the rack. Every dish is the kind of the same kind of spicy. Wish the flavor was better.
Dislike. Had high expectations due to the reviews. Food was mediocre and bad service. To top it off, I got food poisoning. Would definitely not return. Be warn - the restaurant does not split the check. You cannot pay part of the check in cash and part with credit card, nor would they allow customers to pay with multiple credit cards. It's all or nothing.
This is as good as it gets outside of chengdu !! The la zi ji (chicken with red peppers) and shui zhu yu (fish in hot chili broth) is outstanding. Not just spicy but with great ma la (numbing pepper) flavor.We also had pea shoots and shrimp with spicy pepper and they were both excellent.A great addition to the neighborhood !!
the only good chinese restaurant in manhattan that isn't just a noodle shop. im extremely confident in that statement. im literally obsessed. the only complaint is that i cant really come here for a random meal by myself because all their dishes are family style to the max.pros: really good ambiance, cute historic interior design, good customer service, great authentic food, really fragrant peppercorns, they refill your tea every five minutes, wifi, not yet columbusedcons: too much food for one person
I'm a heavy spicy eater, so I felt like some of the dishes weren't spicy enough. But they were still delicious! Yes, the it's a tiny bit over priced, but I love Szechuan food so I'm not going to complain. Oddly loved the...Slices Beef with Sour Soup (it was wonderfully warming, perfect balance)Spicy Mung Bean Jello Salad Stew Talapia with Chili (Could use a little more fish, but it was yummy)*Will definitely go back to try other dishes!Definitely make a reservation. When I arrived at the restaurant, there were plenty of people lined up outside. No thank you! :) Service could be better...? I asked for a glass of water maybe 5x (food gets kinda salty after a while, so don't forget to ask for water!) and it finally came after like 20 minutes.
On a freezing Tuesday night we had a 30 minute wait, the restaurant was filled with Chinese millenials, the menu had pictures for those of us with limited Chinese reading abilities. Peeking at other tables and matching up with the pictures ordered and devoured thinly sliced pork belly w. cucumber and chili sauce, a bubbling cauldron of cabbage with spices, finishing with chunks of pork belly and large grapes in a rich spicy sauce, the tea was in an iron pot with a candle to keep warm ....service was fine, everybody friendly and helpful, with many more dishes to try .... this is definitely not your neighborhood takeout menu ....
I wanted to come here for quite a while now and I finally got the chance to try out the food with my fam. The interior design was very much, got that nice traditional vibe to it. After ordering our food, the tea that they offer was nice. The smell was Jasmine and the tea was just super refreshing. They will also give us a small bowl of white fermented cabbage drizzled with chili oil. Tasted a bit like kimchi since it's got the sourness but also a hit of spice which is delish. Now about the food I ordered... 1. Fish Filets with Pickled Vegetable Soup- $25.95 I loved it so much! The fish was soft and the flavor was great! Soup is not spicy for those who cannot eat spice. *Recommend*2. Pineapple Fried Rice- $16.95Didn't like it at all. The rice wasn't good (texture-wise) and the flavor was bland. I would say it's overpriced. 3.  Spicy Beef Intestine(?) I forgot the name of that one- $19.95 Loved the spice and the sauce that kinda looks like soup was super flavorful. This dish would go great with a bowl of white rice. *Recommend* Be aware there's a LOT of chili peppers and corn pepper seeds. 4. Spicy Fried Pig Intestine- $18.95Crispy and flavorful. Wish they put less chili pepper and corn pepper seeds. *Recommend*5. Braised Pork with Cherry- $15.95Pork was super soft. Non-spicy dish. The cherry is actually grapes, also super good. I loved the sweetness it gives the pork. Sauce was delicious also. *Recommend* Total including tax and tip was about $121, which isn't bad at all. Keep in mind that the portion is actually quite big; especially the soup and the Spicy Beef Intestine plate. *I posted up some pics*I was glad we came here early (arrived around 12pm on a Sunday) because after 12:30pm more people came of course there was a line. Don't think they take reservations since the restaurant itself is small, about 20 tables.  I would come back with friends and try the other dishes next time :)
Not fresh, not tasty, not spicy, pricey. Please go to LA or Szechuan try the real Szechuan food.
I love Sichuanese food. It boldly harnesses oil to its maximum potential, and the intricate levels of spiciness are exquisite. Utilizing ginger, numbing peppercorns, spicy fermented beans, hot peppers, and chili oil, Sichuanese's iconic bright red dishes typically have flavors that fortify each other without being overwhelming. Unlike in most cuisines where subtlety and gentle harmony is paramount, Sichuanese food is dynamic and robust.Szechuan Mountain House is an absolutely gorgeous restaurant. With a fountain near the front as well as bamboo stairs and paintings adorning the walls, this restaurant was offering the promise of a great meal. We ordered the honey grapefruit drink; pigs blood, tripe, and intestine soup; Chongqing chicken; Mapo Tofu; and Liang Fen.Food (3.5/5)Honey Grapefruit drink (4/5): Honey and grapefruit is one of those classic combinations that deserves to be as beloved as strawberries and cream. This drink felt pretty much like unadulterated grapefruit and honey. In fact, there was grapefruit pulp in the drink itself: a sure sign that the drink was fresh and made in-house. As refreshing as it was, the drink was a little too sweet, especially as we neared the end, and it would have been worlds better served colder.Pigs blood soup (2/5): I'm just going to preface this by saying that I don't actually know what this ought to taste like. However, I personally did not enjoy it very much at all. The flavors were not all completely there because it was masked by an overwhelming bitter aftertaste from the intestines (and this coming from somebody who actually likes pork intestines) which probably means the intestines weren't properly cleaned. While the Sichuanese friends at my table seemed to think it tasted fine, I suppose it is worth nothing that it was also the only dish that wasn't finished by the end of the night.Chongqing chicken (3/5): Who loves fried chicken? Who loves fried chicken with green onions, garlic chips, and spice? Chongqing chicken is probably the best starting dish for anyone trying to get into authentic Sichuanese food. It is crispy and has flavor in spades, and this Chongqing chicken was no different. However, I personally found that most of the chicken was cut just a tiny bit too small which made it pretty difficult to eat. Try eating a bowl of rice 3 grains at a time and you'll know what I mean. Also, several of the pieces had small bone shards in them...it's not a pleasant experience fishing around your mouth for that little particular piece of bone! Pro tip: don't actually eat the numerous chilies that come in the dish.Mapo Tofu (3/5): Mapo tofu is one of my absolute favorite dishes of any cuisine of all time which is probably why I am judging this dish a little more harshly than the others. When prepared well it is so delicious. The mellow sweetness of the leeks/onions paired with the savory fermented beans rounds the mounting spice of the chilies. The numbing spice is both fragrant and earthy in such a way that it reignites the softened spice. The tofu is just firm enough to hold together but delicate enough to absorb the flavor. Of course there is ground pork, too, but the tofu ends up being the real star. Because of its texture, it picks up enough of the mapo flavor to be delicious while not being too salty. Mapo tofu is the ultimate Sichuanese food. The mapo tofu here is OK. It's definitely better than anything you would be able to find at any standard Chinese takeout--but that's a given. Szechuan Mountain's version just lacked oomph. It was too light on the Sichuan peppercorns, so suddenly the sweetness became more prominent and the spiciness was no longer as defined. Instead of humming, the spice in the dish flat-lined, and that's a problem when the main protein of the dish is the relatively bland and humble tofu.    Liang Fen (5/5): Liang fen is good. The sauce was pretty good and the noodles had the right texture. I found myself wishing that there was more of it! For newcomers to Sichuanese cuisine, this might be a difficult dish to immediately enjoy because of its texture. The noodles are slippery--they should never be slimy, stale on the edges, or grainy in texture--but still picks up just enough of the delicious chili oil flavor to stand out as great starter dish.Altogether, I wish this restaurant had done more. I love Sichuanese food. I've been to Sichuan, and I've eaten Sichuanese food at friends' homes, restaurants in China, and restaurants all throughout the United States. I mean honestly, the food here wasn't bad. The amalgamation of errors here and there just unhinged the cohesion of the meal.
Different but solid food, definitely not take out and worthy of the wait. Flushing is definitely the borough that's killing it with the Chinese cuisine. Take the train or drive, it's definitely worth it.
First time trying this place and it's amazingly good. Must get the fried corn with salty eggs, but don't get the white pork belly from appetizer because there's not much taste to it. Everything else kinda taste similar because it's all mala-spicy
Fancy Chinese restaurant, really crowded so expect a wait. I recommend calling ahead to make reservations. I like their teapot a lot, it looks really nice. Hanging pork is a must order dish here. They also have really good dessert soup with clear jelly. Price is a bit higher than usual considering you're in flushing but it's still a popular place.
Everything's fancy but I doubt that I will come back again.Szechuan Mountain House is definitely the new jam in Flushing. It has been well recognized by Chinese foodie social media in NYC. I heard, I came, I tasted.Shall we begin with their decorations? Have not been to Flushing for 18 months, I got amazed by how much Flushing has not changed. But luckily, Szechuan Mountain House is located in a new food court(hotel-food building) on Prince Street. The decoration is based on the Mountain life in Szechuan. Some chinese paintings are hanging on the wall but it seems like no one gives a rat ass about it. The decoration is very good made me feel like I am almost at some high-end chinese restaurants in China.Food is okay. I gradually get sick of spicy food. I did not mean that they are not good. I do like spicy food sometimes, but for most time they ruin the flavor of what true vegetables or meats tastes like. Some times, the over-spice flavor covered the unfreshness of some sort of ingredient and if I tasted it and sensed it I felt like I am really upset.The flavor here is alright but fantastic. You can give it a try but that's it.
I went there with three other friends on a Saturday. They said that we can't make reservation for less than six people, so we went around 5:30PM to avoid the crowd and waiting time. The decor: Every bit and piece of the restaurant brings a hint of home and we absolutely fell for the traditional Chinese style interior design. Serving time: We were seated right away since we avoided the peak time. And shortly after, we were served with tea and a small plate of marinated cabbage appetizer. We pretty much knew what we wanted to order prior to going, so we ordered our food very quickly. I was actually surprised by how fast the food came. I think the dessert came around five minutes after. And then everything else came soon after.The food: All my friends were pretty satisfied with the food! We ordered four dishes and a dessert, and we all felt full afterwards. I love spicy food and can tolerate a pretty high spicy level. For my taste, the spicy level is decent and should be tolerable for most people, but some dishes sure made my tongue feel slightly numb which I love. We loved everything we ordered except for the dish of loofah with chopped garlic on top. It's still an okay dish but we felt like they are nothing special than your regular boiled loofah...just looked fancy.Overall, I'll give a 9/10. I took one point off because the portion is honestly a bit smaller than excepted. And the dishes are a bit pricy for the amount they offer.If you have an affair with Szechuanese food and spicy food in general, then try this place out, it should be a hit!
Sunday night about 930pm this place is jammin'. Full house but we were lucky to be seated immediately. The Szechuanese mala junkie that I am, cannot wait to get my hands on what yelpers have been raving. We tried ordering the mala dry pot with frogs, sold out. Beef brisket stew with potatoes, sold out. In short, the malas were all not available except for intestines and cabbage. Who wants straight up cabbage? hence we tried something risky and settled for the mala pig intestines. And the tripe and beef tendons in hot oil to start.Food arrived fairly quickly after ordering. Pig intestines were amazing! Their mala is on point! They were fried crispy and I got over the fact that it's innards fast, when it taste like fried chicken breading. Each dish was well played and presented based off of one on-going theme: ancient China during the dynasties. Menus were presented in what looked like hand-bonded books. Chinese paintings plastered on the dining area, and the restaurant overall decorated to be a wooden shack. Service: Though there were plenty of wait staff, I got the impression that there's just a lack of coordination and plenty of them distracted. We asked for our remaining to be doggy-bagged. Wait or took the plate and left it sitting in the back forgotten, it's not until I pointed it out did he remember. Our drinks were never refilled, though we were seated only a table away from where most of them congregate, none of them would proactively acknowledge us until you get their attention. Bathroom situation, there's only one stall stall for each, def not enough considering the amount of traffic. Two attempts at washing my hands failed as the girls before me were taking way too long. Ended up going into the men's. Oops. All in all, their food did live up to all the hype, however the service is in great need for improvement. Though service was possibly the only downfall, I left last night with great disappointment overall. Unfortunately I'm not dying to come back, though their food is one of the better Szechuanese that I've had.
Waited about 20 mins for the first dish. All three dishes were too light and mild, not spicy at all. All dishes were below our expectation. Most of the bowls and plates were CRACKED! Overall disappointed!
Well I must say I ate in many Chinese restaurants ( married to a taiwanese)I love this place very much , everything I tried was delicious , very authentic flavor and ridiculously good tasteI love the beef tripe , pork and cabbage , spicy chickenStaff is super nice and friendlyWill come back for more
There's usually a wait, its best to call for a reservation if you've a party of 4 or more. Very nice decor, clean and excellent service for a Chinese restaurant, very attentive. Decent portion serving, food was delicious and authentic. Highly recommend, especially for spicy lovers!
Food is very good. Every dish has its own distinct taste. Not the best Szechuan restaurant I've been to but certainly a place I would come back. It's aleays packed with people. Decor is very cozy and stylish. Has Szechuan theme going on. Now, the service. The waiters here are incredible. They work as a team. Taking care of their customers like I never seen before. I have been to many upscale restaurants, even ones run by iron chef and many American restaurant.  The waiters in Szechuan Mountain House beat the other restaurant service hands down. They constantly fill your teapot before it's even half empty. Keep taking away the dishes that has garbage in it. Most impressive is when I knock my chopsticks off table by accident, the waiter already delivered a pair of new chopstick in front of me even before I bend down to pick up the chopsticks on the floor. Now, that's attentive. Its excellent foods and impeccable service. Only complain is line to wait for table is too long. Worthwhile to call ahead to make a reservation.
I don't really have a lot of Szechuan Food in my life. But most of the food available in this restaurant I haven't seen from other restaurant. The food is tasted great!!!!  The most impressed is the hot tea pot is keeping warm all the time by putting a candle fire underneath. That's a sweet idea.
This is a nice place to go anytime. There is a reason for the waiting time. The spicy food are very good. Spicy fish is recommended. I came here to eat once a while and will always go back. I like all the appetizers! U gotta go there & try!
This might be the best Sichuan food I've had in the states.Most of the time when you order Sichuan food in the US, the dishes look like they pack a lot of spice, but instead the flavor ends up being quite tame. That is definitely not the case here. Here the numbing mala sneaks up on you until you are reduced to a nervous sweating wreck, except the flavor is so addicting that you can't help but dive in for more. We got the spicy beef soup (a preparation which I've seen pretty frequently in China, but this is the first time I've encountered it in the US), fried pork intestine, Chongqing chicken, and mao xue wang. All of them were very well executed and are highly recommended.This place was packed at dinnertime, but service was great. The decor was very nice for a Chinese restaurant and not tacky at all.My only complaint would be that the dishes are pricy (~$20 for many entrees), however I do feel that this is a rare case when the food and atmosphere of the place justify the price. If anything, I hope that there will be more restaurants like this serving uncompromised, really authentic Chinese food in a nice setting in the years to come.
We finally came and tried out this place, I have to say it's disappointing.Nice ambience, decor and plate setting.I walked in with 2 moms with strollers, they were greeted by the manager(in suit), and he helped them carrying the strollers downstairs. ( not very stroller friendly). The receptionist is busy with another customer, she saw me but I wasn't greeted. I saw my party and just went inside.Our waiter missed one of our orders and placed a leftover to-go bag on our very crowded table. The food is in small portions and mediocre comparing to other Szechuan restaurants in Flushing. Maybe I would come back for business meals with out of town clients.
The fancier and pricier alternative to Szechuan Gourmet. Been wanting to try this place for awhile but they are usually packed. This past Sunday friends decided to go and we joined them. Even though it was torrential downpouring outside there  was a line. Even with ressies we still had to wait ten minutes. It definitely gets points for concept and cleanliness being in the new Hyatt Place complex. Ordered a bunch of things for our party of 6. Started off with the hanging cucumber and bacon appie with a red chili garlic sauce. Think a lot of tables for ordered that. Very fragrant and a nice taste. Next up was the shrimp balls. Crunchy and tasty. The fish soup was milky and just how we like it. Then came the stuffed bitter gourd. I think the gourd may have been a bad one as it had a really strange taste to it unlike how bitter gourd normally tastes. The greens that we had was super young and tasty! The crab and roe baked rice was amazing. The fat from the roe melted into the rice. Yummo! The chicken in red sichuan pepper oil 雞公casserole was pretty tasty!! Unfortunately our crew was already stuffed. We brought that home and had it the next night. Tasted even better!!! They brought a purple sweet potato mash on taro chips for dessert and we thought that was a bit too sweet. No need to add sugar to that mash as purple sweet potatoes are naturally sweet enough. Also they brought a clear dessert soup that helped cool our numb mouths which was nice. Service was prompt and friendly. Would def come back with a crew who appreciates mind numbing mala!
My friends' highly recommendation.We came on Friday night and we just two have 30 minus wait.The food is not super spicy or salty here but instead it emphasizes the balance between the ingredients and sauce.We got a few cold dishes (the best of Szechuan) and some sautéed cabbage and kung pao chicken - We also decided to order the pork belly that we saw other tables order. it was all tasty.We were impressed with the service and their interior decoration as well. I like the design and many details such as chopsticks, teapot and cups...try this place out, it should be a hit!
Food was good. It absorbed the authentic part of Szechuan cuisine yet the was definitely modified a bit to reach a more balanced, more "western" type standard. Nothing's too spicy or salty which is a good thing. Even though it's bit pricey comparing to other Chinese restaurant, I think it's worth a visit, especially if you are looking for place to accommodate special guests since the interior/ambience is much better than average Chinese restaurant.
The place is great! Good authentic food! Really liked the atmosphere and service as well.Highly recommend!
So famous and so disappointed... we came in as a group of 8 and ordered a looot. Almost nothing impressive and a lot not delicious at all... will never come back
Been to this place three times now, never a disappointment! It is not pricey because the portion size for entrees is relatively big. Although it is a Szechuan place and known for the spiciness, you can request to have your food made in mild spicy.Although this place is usually crowded, but luckily, my friends and I didn't have to wait a minute when we were there. They also take reservations!
Authentic Szechuan restaurant with cool decor and great service. If you are not familiar with Szechuan cuisine or have a low tolerance for spicy food, be careful! Some dishes are definitely on the more spicy side. Although you can find plenty of milder options on the menu to balance it out.For appetizer, we ordered the pork belly and cucumber slices, which has a cool/interesting/quirky presentation. It pretty much looks like laundry hanging from a drying rack....The cucumber slices balance out the fattiness of the pork belly. And the garlic chili oil dipping sauce is heavenly.For main dishes, we ordered the pickled vegetable beef soup and fried potato shrimp balls. The pickle vegetable beef soup is sour and spicy, which is very tasty. We ordered the beef one instead of the more popular fish option, since we just didn't fee like dealing with fish bones. Other than the beef slices, there were taro vermicelli knots, rice cake slices, and pickled vegetables in there. The fried shrimp balls was a non-spicy option. It is made to order and very crispy on the outside. The shrimp itself is dipped in some sort of mayo mixture (tastes like Japanese Kewpie mayo to me), so the overall taste is sweet and slightly sour. The portions are pretty big here. The 2 of us ended up taking a lot of the beef soup to go. At the end they also bring you a free dessert of a cold lotus seed papaya soup. I would definitely visit again to try their other dishes!
Came in late afternoon for lunch with 5 adults and 3 kids (all under 2) and the service was impeccable. I can't really take spicy food, so i thought my options were limited but everything I ordered was delicious and distinctive in flavor. I loved the pineapple fried rice and the beef egg drop soup. The waiter said the fried rice was a little spicy but it wasn't at all. I definitely would be back for the service alone.
I really liked this place - from services, ambience, to food. The environment here resembles that in some authentic Chinese restaurants - with good decor, visually appealing menu, and efficient services. For me, there wasn't much wait when I visited. The food is above average, but it's not on par with some of the most authentic Szechuan food I've ever had in Chengdu. It's not flavorful and spicy enough consider it's a Szechuan restaurant. I guess the flavor will fit people who don't eat that much spicy food better. Overall a pleasant place to visit.
This is the best Szechuan restaurant in NY. The food is very decent and authentic. The fish is a most-order, which reminded me of what I had in China before.
Eating here makes you feel like you are in the Chinese countryside. Much attention was put into the decor of the restaurant. I loved the rustic look of the wooden doors and furniture, waterfalls, koi pond, traditional wall paintings and poetry scrolls. Even though the theme is very rural and traditional, the food is quite modernized and beautifully presented. Sliced Pork Belly w/ Chili Garlic Soy ($9.95) - This was an amusing appetizer. Strips of thinly sliced pork belly and cucumber are hanged on a contraption with a dish of intensely flavored garlic chili oil underneath. Because the main component of the sauce was fresh garlic puree, all the garlic molecules released its intense spicy bitter flavors so the it was too garlicky to my taste (7/10).Braised Fish and Tomato w/ Sour Soup ($26.95) - This soup was sour and spicy almost like a tom yum soup. There wasn't much meat on the fish. In fact, it was quite boney and was just heads and tails. I didn't enjoy the fish as much as the soup itself. (6/10)Fried Cabbage w. Soy Sauce ($13.95) - Surprisingly this simple dish was my favorite of the meal. Served in a mini-wok over a flame, the cabbage absorbed the delicious sweet and garlicky soy sauce. Also there was bits of tender pork belly as well. (9/10)Kung Pao Chicken ($12.95) - I almost had to ridicule myself for ordering something so associated to Americanized Chinese food but this dish wasn't that bad. Unlike the overly sweet and cornsyrupy American counterpart, this dish was mildly sweet with a stronger flavor of Chinese dark vinegar (7/10)Service was friendly and tried their best to help even though their English was limited. Szechuan Mountain House is one of the few high end Chinese restaurants in the city that does a great job in balancing authenticity with presentation. You get to enjoy traditional flavors without sitting in dirty hole in the walls and still pay similar prices.
Authentic and amazing! As a white tourist that has little experience with Chinese food and culture I felt very welcomed, the employees even gave our family a free dessert! The food was delicious (super spicy though if you can't handle spice be careful!). Please check out this place, you won't regret it.
Before I tried out this place, I had heard some negative comments about it.  Too pricy, small portion and not authentic, etc.  So even though I very tempted to try out this place when it was just opened, I waited a long time to actually stepped a foot inside this restaurant.  But the experience was out of my expectation.  First, I like the decor, it was very 中國風。The music they play is pretty calming.  Secondly, they serve real tea!! In a very heavy teapot!  Lol! And we like the dishes we ordered!  We order the fresh pepper fish.  It was very flavorful,  and it was hot!!  Fish was very fresh, I wish it was a little bigger though, hahaha.  Everything else was pretty good,  nice plates and good presentation.  Price was a little on the higher end, but I think it's worth it!
We ordered total 5 dishes and we decided to pack 4 of them to go. When we got home, we found out that there were only three dishes! If you wanna pack anything to go, do it yourself. I have been to this restaurant three times with my friends, two of my experiences were awful. Awful place!!!打包4个菜，看着他们端走，和他们确定打包四个菜。回家才发现，只有3个菜。菜的味道也一般般，只有一道我比较偏爱。而且之前陪朋友来不让我们两个人坐在卡座说怕到了饭点后面的人没有位置，但是后面来的两组 两个人的都坐了卡座。我确定他们也没有预约。在这地方吃饭，一不小心就被气饱了。
This place finally opens after months of construction -- a highend Chinese Sichuan restaurant. With trends of modern restaurants are getting more popular than the traditional street vendor food, Flushing prince st is the pioneer of newly developed restaurants. Please note that it's not a traditional Sichuan style -- meaning do not expect really spicy and numbing tastes, but rather modern Sichuan style food.Interior dec / environment - 5: very well designed with dedicated ornaments. The wall decorations are Chinese ceramic enamel plates. The tea pot is in traditional Jingdezhen style, and the chopsticks are well designed.Service - 5: you know it's a new restaurant and the owner is aiming for a highend experience, the service is of course good during the grand opening. The waiters wear Santa hat right now to celebrate this special time of the year. Not sure if the service will maintain later on.Food - 3: the display is better than the taste. The experience itself is more important than how you enjoy the food. We, a group of 6, ordered two appetizers and four entrées. First appetizer - Phoenix paws (chicken feet in pickle peppers): I'm very impressed at its display. A bowl of chicken feet sided with spices and leaves, delivering a classy Dining atmosphere as if in a mountain. It's about 6 pieces to share.Second appetizer - spicy mund bean jello salad: this is an important dish to decide if a Sichuan restaurant is worthy coming back. However, it's quite disappointing. The bean jelly itself is fresh and chewy, however then sauce doesn't really come along with bean jello. It's more of a sauce for cold noodles, rather than bean jelly/jello. It's also about 6 pieces to share as well.1st entrée - stir fried chicken with bone with pepper (鸡软骨): would thought it will be more spicy. The chicken with bone is not the cut that we expect. The  portion definitely bigger than other entrée s.2nd entrée - boiled blood curd w/ other stuff in spicy sauce (  毛血旺） : it's a signature Szechuan food with bunch of inners soaked in spicy chilli sauce. not every one would appreciate inners, but Chinese people have loved inners for centuries, especially in Szechuan style.this dish is not too spicy either. Small portion.3rd entrée - sautéed loofah w/ garlic (白玉 丝瓜）: always wold love to have some veggies to go with spicy food.the display of this course is overly too god.only 10 pieces in total to share.4th entrée- spicy boiled fish with green pepper. The fish is a whole talipia, rather than fish filet. The fish is pretty big and was cut in slices. Tastes pretty good but not spicy enough.Anyway, this new restaurant worthy trying out, but I'll probably not gonna be back in a while.Hope it helps! Xoxo,QQ
Yea, the 40 minutes wait is a real thing, its not a big restaurant and during dinner time it gets really busy.The décor is good, very good, it is beautifully designed. The furniture are ancient Chinese style, like those in older Chinese movies. Combine with ceramics utensils, it aims to give customers a complete immerse dinner experience.Now let's talk about the thing we can eat. The food is presented very well, but the taste is mediocre. It taste like other Szechuan restaurant around, but more expensive, with a immerse experience so let's not forget about that because it's the ONLY selling point.Ma Paul tofu with minced pork, this taste pretty good, tofu is silky and meat is harder, it's like Chinese version of spigettiStew Tilapia with Chili (水煮鱼) this is one of the favorite dishes in the Szechuan world. It is very numb-ing (麻), I don't mean spicy, it's just that it will numb your mouth for the night. My two other companions didn't like it, they complained that the fish has a weird taste to it, I thought it was weird since it's so spicy it should have cover any weirdness. For me, I couldn't taste anything after my tongue was numbed.Stir fried pork bone with pepper (脆辣月牙骨) this one was good, we all agree, but for some people who is not used to eating soft bone it might be a weird dish for you. It is a little on the hard side but the taste and the vegetables was making up for it.I think the place was hyped up by people posting picture on social media, if you want a good Szechuan place to eat, just go across the street, on the other side of prince street, there's a long standing and not as gimmicky restaurant there.
As a Chinese, I have to give this spot my utmost approval! The food tastes very authentic, particularly if you love spicy. The decoration overshadows most Asian restaurants you'll see in Manhattan. The speed and quality of service is surprisingly pleasing given the usual level of crowdedness. They also allow queuing with a number and name so you can go wonder around instead of having to stand at their doorstep waiting for a seat in the cold like a bunch of jackasses.Overall, highly recommended for anyone looking for an authentic Szechuan meal in a beautifully decorated place while enjoying some lovely service.Try their free jasmine tea, making a coffee drinker convert.
Always has a long wait even on a weekday with crappy weather. Honestly, the food is a little too mild for Szechuan. Their presentation of dishes is quite interesting. I personally really enjoyed the ambiance. It has a very traditional twist (so are several other restaurants next door). However, the tables are way too close to each other and chairs are really uncomfortable for smaller tables. Not recommended for large groups. If you wanna impress your non Chinese friends/coworkers, this might be a good spot.
I found this place via Yelp, and seems to be a pretty legit place. And as all legit places in NYC go, they are usually packed with people, so a reservation is highly recommended. Well due to my schedule I wasn't able to make a reservation, so I did a walk-in. This place was fully packed. I was told I needed to wait about 1 hr for a seat of 1. (I was alone that day) They take your phone number and name and will call you so feel free to wonder around, there are plenty of things. I went upstairs to the T-Mobile store, wasted plenty of time there so it was perfect timing. The hostess was very friends and attentive, I was seated and the server immediately came. I ordered some very spicy dishes, of course, it's a Szechuan restaurant, gotta get what they are famous for. The food came pretty quick. In the meantime, the waitress checked on my multiple times for water and additional requests. I was very pleased with their service. Their food is just GREAT. I used to think the Beijing Noodle No.9 in Caesar Palace, Las Vegas was my favorite, but after trying this I changed my mind. It's authentic, and will not let you down. The tastes I remembered from China just came right back to me. I highly recommend anyone to go there, and don't forget to get a reservation.
The best Sichuan food I've ever had in US!!! And believe me I've tried many. I feel the ingredients and oil is of good quality and the taste of each dish is different, unlike many other Sichuan restaurants! I highly recommend it
I highly recommended this restaurant to anyone who likes spicy food. Every dish is nicely presented and it's worth the price. The decor is gorgeous and traditional. I really enjoy the dining environment and will definitely come again.
First, lets starts with what we ordered:1) pickle fish soup, soup was very tasty and good balance between sour and spicy. Fish was very fresh and tender.2) cabbage with soy sauce, I think the sauce is little bit too sour.3) spicy crispy intestine，very spicy and hot.Something good about this restaurant:1) service was very nice, staff was very prompt and polite.  2) dining environment was nice, very classics Chinese theme and hot tea was very nice and tasty( green tea with honey)
It can be called an authentic szechuan place. But since I've heard so many compromises on this place, it didn't surprised me. Those spicy dishes were full of favor, though tasted all the same. But we all agreed that it's a place you can find in NYC that is very close to a real Chinese restaurant in China.
We went there for Saturday dinner. Got there around 7:30pm and waited for about 45mins to get a table for 2. There are lots of dessert bars nearby and are pretty good. So waiting time was not too tough. We ordered a spicy cold noodle as appetizer(川北凉粉）which is very authentic, ordered a chongqing spicy chicken (重庆辣子鸡），also very good. It tastes spicy and also the unique Szechuan numbing taste. Definitely a very solid choice. Also worth mentioning is that the restaurant is very new and nicely decorated
Honestly this was my first time trying Szechuan food, and it was delicious! I can't eat very spicy foods but there was plenty that I could eat here. The sliced pork belly appetizer was unique and is a must try! I also enjoyed the stir fried chicken with chili as well as the braised pork with cherries.The stars isn't only for the food though, presentation of food and ambiance was on point! The restaurant has a modern yet old Chinese village design, including a mini-pond with live fish swimming in it. Each dish looked amazing, with a special touch such as a flower garnish.Be sure to make a reservation as it is a busy place. The prices seemed fair, less expensive than what I'm used to in Manhattan anyhow.
Great serviceA bit pricey in my opinion, you are paying for the service and atmosphere. Food is good. I would come back as long as there is no wait.
Havnet had such a great Sichuan food for a while, The place is not big but it's crowded on the weekend with Chinese. The food is authentic, not super spicy like real sichuan food but the flavor is on point. great selection of sichuan food. and the portions are real generous. Unlimited refill jasmine tea and free dessert, I think it's papaya and white fungus soup. There were four of us , ordered 水煮鱼，黄喉，蛋炒饭，手撕包菜，辣子鸡和麻婆豆腐, everything was so good. The price is very fair. All 6 dishes together are $100 before tax. Flushing does have a lot of cheap restaurants but with this service and the quality, it's pretty decent. We all left with a happy belly.
We may have been the only non-Asian customers in the crowded restaurant, which was a good sign to us that we would get excellent food. The service and food were excellent.
I came here around 9PM on a Wednesday because I passed by this place numerous times since I am a regular at Mister Hotpot next door.The ambiance is really nice. I liked the little pot of tea and the flame to keep it warm. The tea was quite tasty too.The food is OK. Nothing special. The pork belly with cucumber was OK. The Mapo tofu had no flavor, just drowned in chili oil. The fish filet with preserved vegetables had no flavor either. The soup with the fish filet was very sour and then a little spicy. I've had better Szechuan food elsewhere. The only dish that was pretty tasty was the string beans. These four dishes came out to be $68, which was quite pricey.The service was good. But we had to ask for rice from 3 different waiters because all our dishes came out but we had no rice. Overall, this place is OK to try once but I will never be coming back here again. Highly disappointed with the food.
The best sezchuan food in NYC!! The taste is spicy and numb. My favorite food is spicy frog and crab. Service is a little bit slow sometimes, but I can understand all waiters are very busy. If you want to try this restaurant in the evening, you had better come early because they have a lot of customers every day.
The foods here taste great!Service was fine!The only star lost was for the awkward seating.
Omg!!! Bad experiences. We want to order something without the some kind of pepper. They rejected us immediately. They just "NO" for any questions!! We ordered the Sour Fish Soup. The picture shows the soup was clear. But it came out it's creamy. Tasted SOSO.. NOT recommended.The Sour Sweet pork rib....omg.so bad.. can't finished one.For today. Only 1 star.
The food is not as good as expected. Their fried rice needs some improvement as it is not salty enough.
Horrible service, even  found hair in my food! I really love the food here , but the service is even worst then fj restaurant!
Very good and amazing. Love the selection here. Always good to find a place that has authentic real Chinese food. Spicy food lovers come here. Tried many great dishes that you can't get anywhere else. Also love the addition of Zanthoxylum. Creates an amazing round flavor for some of there most spiciest dishes. Yum!
We came with our family,we order couple fish,and we finished pall the food,the food was tasted good,only some item there just sold out,maybe they are very busy,but we order other stuff,we want try maybe next time,service it's good,we will come back try next time
Somehow overpriced. some dishes are ok but others sucks, if the price is cheaper it would be great. The store decorates good but they need to pay more attention on their food.I am from Szechuan originally and I am not a big fan of this one!
Whoa, the Prince Street area is getting high end. Lots of new restaurants in just this complex alone. Went here on a Saturday night near closing, and it was still pretty busy. Like many have said, Szechuan Mountain House has really nice, traditional decor, from the cutlery and tableware to the koi fish/waterwheel combo in front. To start, the complementary tea was really good, not the typical tea served in Chinese restaurants. I want to say it was Jasmine tea. The menu had a pretty good/exotic range of choices with quite a few intestine dishes. I'm not too familiar with Szechuan cuisine, but the menu was definitely interesting, with lots of things to try. We started with the pork belly with cucumber. It wasn't too flavorful by itself, but the sauce added much needed flavor, albeit being a bit spicy. I was expecting something a bit more flavorful with it being BBQ pork belly, but it was OK. My entree was the beef short rib. It was presented Peking duck style with the thick steamed buns. It was served with rum that was literally aflame. The entree indeed, was lit. The flavor of the beef short rib was flavorless, from my experience. It was fine with the rum sauce and other additions with the bun, but not great. The beef stew was good, with cartilage and potatoes along with the beef. It wasn't outstanding, but solid. It was probably the best tasting thing in the meal, and it wasn't too great. We didn't really order anything too spicy, so I can't comment on that.The presentation, much like the decor, was top notch. Also, the service was FAST. I think our entrees arrived in probably less than 15 minutes, which was really surprising and welcome. I'm definitely open to trying this place again, but from my experience, the food didn't really match the high end decor and presentation at Szechuan Mountain House.
The best Szechuan restaurant in the states! Literally eat here at least once every week, and never get tired of it. Service is very nice and satisfying, definitely one of my favorite restaurant.
Came here twice so far, one time with a group of 7 people and waited 1 1/2 hours, and another time with a friend and didn't have to wait at all. So tip is: if you're coming with a group of more than 6 people for dinner definitely, call in to make a reservation. Even if you have to wait in line, I believe it is worth it to try the authentic taste of Szechuan food. I make 水煮鱼 a lot at home, and I often contemplate how Szechuan Mountain House can make its spicy fish so good. The fresh fish absorbs the chili oil and spicy sauce so well that it makes perfect combination with a bowl of white rice. Even though the Sliced Pork Belly with Chili Garlic Soy looks like a captivating dish, I didn't think it was that good. However, I highly recommend their Whole Tilapia with Wild Pepper in Stone Bowl (heat level:3/5)Fried Corn Kernel with Salted Duck Yolk (heat level:0)Mapo Tofu (heat level: 4/5)(saltiness: 5/5) Fried Cabbage with Soy Sauce (heat level:1/5) **consider as a low level of spice standardIf you cannot eat spice, I recommend Fish Filet with Mustard Green and Stew Beef with Potato. If you decide to drink alcohol, I recommend to add stir fried chicken with dry red chili (heat level: 3/5) ; the pepper fragrant is super crisp and strong. What is interesting is their fried purple potato. I'm not sure if it is fried but there are bits of rock candy on top of the potato. It's a dessert and makes it an interesting wrap-up of all the salty dishes. They also provide a complimentary bowl of cooling soup for each person. Definitely going to come back to try their Braised Frog with Chili Broth.
Everything tasted so great, all the dishes are authentic, and I loved their deco and the presentation of the food.
This is the worst place ever, first time my friend got food poisoning while still being inside the restaurant... He threw up the entire meal in their bathroom... and the staff seemed used to this kind of situation so I believe he is not the first one... feels horrible to throw up 40$!!!  DO NOT GO!!!
Best best best best best Szechuan restaurant I've ever had in US!!!! 5 star service and 10 star taste(wish I could give 10 star) If you want the most authentic Szechuan food then this should be your first choice. Take a look at the hot&spicy fish picture I took! This is the first and ONLY place that how the fish was cut exactly like in China!
It was a good meal, but was the 40 min wait justified? I don't think so. The staff was very polite about the wait and some people stayed, some left, I don't understand the hype other than the pretty interior, I like their plates and silverware, the music was still off.The blade-clams in garlic sauce tasted very fresh but kind of cold, like they were sitting there for a good 5 mins before they were brought to our table. I almost always order fish filet hot sauce boiled, it's so waterly, this had a nice numbing but it wasn't flavored enough and maybe I just had better spicy filet elsewhere. My usual go-to string beans stir-fried with minced meat was pretty good, needed more salt. The appetizers were ok.Despite the not-seasoned-enough dishes I am still thirsty after 3 hours. It wasn't bad but overall not good enough.
First, I saw a hair in free side dish, They gave me another one, but no apologies. Second, A piece of tea leaf stuck on my napkin.Third, The waiter with spiky hair was dishonest and tricking us into leaving more tips. My friend paid my dinner, then left. So i tried to find out if they left tips for table. The waiter stood by counter for a minute, then told me they not able to check, but my friend just left about 10 minutes ago. I was going to leave tips on table, but thought about it, its very weird that they not able to check. so i went to cashier to ask. The cashier showed me that they left $20 for table. OMG.....How can u cheat customer like this, you dont even deserve 1 star, if i can i would give u zero star.......... We will never ever come back.
There is finally an authentic szechuan restaurant in NYC that is comparable to the ones in mainland China (both taste and decoration). If you can eat spicy, I recommend to request original spicy that has not been adjusted for the taste of the general crowd. I don't think there is any better szechuan food in either flushing or Manhattan. The price is reasonable for the taste.. Make reservations if you are coming for dinner, especially during weekends!!!
I like their food, we had the appetizer with the pork laid on top of the rack. The sauce is absolutely amazing , I used it on some of my other food since it tasted so good. We also had the fried shrimp ball, you can order that for the kids, the will enjoy it, it's cute and yummy. It was packed when we went. Definitely will go again.
This is my second review so I've had good experience the first time. One thing I noticed about a lot of reviewers is that that have a sichuan restaurant a lower review because they couldn't handle the heat, I guess thats why they got new menus of spicy dishes to show how much peppers they put in the food, Ha.The decor for this place was pretty decent, so are the dish plates and other table wares, very unique environment.My only complain, the biggestis that the dishes were way too salty tonight as compared to my first time here. We had to send back a veggie dish because all we tasted was just salt, the second time was  we expected it would be, we even metioned to the waiter that our dishes were way too salty, and we requested less salt on the veggie(he's not a very good listener, hopefully that change). We could barely taste what we were eating tonight because the dishes were made so subpar by the overwhelming salty experience. Please use less salt and make sure you try the dishes out before sending it out. I dont have a problem with the spices, just with how we paid money and wasnt able to enjoy our food.
They don't accept reservation under 4people which is doesn't make any sense for me. And they should change that on their page.
Went around 9:30 p.m on a Saturday night, was seated at a small table even though there were larger tables. We quickly requested to be seated at a larger table and they accommodated us, however the wait staff took forever to take our orders and had forgotten to give us our Heineken beers, when we asked about it, he brought us Coronas... -_- No glasses were given for the beers and when we asked for a glass, they gave us warm glasses for the cold beer. The food was mediocre, we had the frog legs with sour pickle soup and stir fried cabbage with soy sauce. Both dishes were pretty spicy.They definitely need to improve on their service, even the manager was just standing in the front and not really paying attention to the guests. I had to literally flag the waiter down every time. Do not come here and pay for overpriced Szechuan cuisine and bad service.
They have the best 辣子鸡丁 on earth. OMG I can't believe Sichuan food could be that authentic before I try out this restaurant. This place is beyond all of the other Sichuan restaurant in the City. We're heading there again for friend's birthday tonight.
I came Tuesday afternoon with a group of friends. Everything was good until we found two unknown items in our food. The first time, the server confirmed it was a part of a dishwashing brush. The server asked if we wanted a new one but we declined because we were pretty full from what we ordered. The server went to the manager for a response but never came back to us. We found the same exact piece few minutes after. I asked for the manager and he said the piece was from a shrimp. The dish we ordered had nothing to do with seafood. So now I question how they prepare the food inside. Do you just randomly throw food into different dishes? So what's going to happen if I have a bad seafood allergy? Probably won't be returning until they improve on their service and cleanness.
definitely one of the best tasting Sichuan place in the neighborhood. Love their chicken feet, it's very crunchy yet well marinated. The fish head is my favor dish there, great portion and super fresh. The only complain I have is their fried pork intestine, little too greasy for my taste and the portion is inconsistent. Place can get busy during weekend, so make reservation ahead of time.
They don't take reservations unless your party is over 5 people. I came with 3 other people and we had to wait approximately 45 minutes for a table and not to mention we went before the dinner rush. Overall, this place is a really modernized restaurant compared to the rest of Flushing. We ordered salted duck egg mixed with corn, some beef stew, string beans, and I forgot the last one. The salted egg with corn is unique, but people definitely hyped it up a little too much. The food is not spicy enough for a Szechuan restaurant so if you're looking for something spicy, but not burn your tongue off then this is the place to go.
Great environment, authentic Szechuan food, nice service. It's a bit expensive, but total worth it.
Horrible unpleasant service. Good food. Employees need to go through intensive training re customer services.
One of my favorite Szechuan places in NYC.  The tables are a little uncomfortable cause there is a crossbar which means I can't sit normally without my knees hitting it and I'm only 6' tall, other than that I can't complain.
It is very nice Szechuan restaurant. Their food is not really spicy like regular Szechuan food. They just got me. If you like spicy food, but you cannot hold too much. Then it is the place to come. Their plates are beautiful. Enjoy the meal.
One of my favorite Sichuan restaurant in NYC. It is authentic. Every time I go to a Sichuan restaurant, I always order shredded pork with garlic sauce. This is a dish that can help me judge whether it is authentic or not. And the restaurant surprised me. The waiters are all very nice.
Fairly new restaurant. Food were okay, portions were just the right size, not too big and not too small. Interior decorations emphasized on bamboo, relaxing. I like how they have elegant looking teacup and teapot. Most of the spicy food gives you a little bit of numbess when you eat them but they aren't too spicy to handle. Services were good and prices were reasobable.
Braised Fish Head w.pickled chili is amazing！Stir fired chicken w.dry red chili is good too. After dinner，they provide free red bean soup. Great customer service～Like the interior desgin very much.
Best Szechuan restaurant in flushing! Truly authenticate! I can tell no different between the taste here and the taste in China. The service here is also very good, and the price is reasonable. Each of us only spent $28 (containing tax+tip) with very delicious good! Highly recommended!
中看不中吃。they try to be fancy in presentation but they really lacked in the taste. Our conch with wasabi was covered with way too much wasabi and each bite was a torture. Likewise our fish soup was overly spicy and lacked other flavors to accompany it. Almost nothing tasted good here.
great environment and nice food ! service is good too !  we walk in at around 6. pm and by 7 pm this place is full-House ! it is not very spicy but very delicious. in terms of price, it's relatively expensive compared to other places in Flushing. but the interior decorations and service totally make it worth the price !
Order the stir fried chicken with dry chili pepper which was good. A little too spicy for my taste but you can ask how spicy you'd like it, depending on your taste. Wish the menu had a few more option. For me it was a bit limited. Really liked the ambience of the restaurant. Had a lot of components of authentic China with a Chinese violin, posters, and design of the seats. Want to try here again but hopefully get something that doesn't burn out my taste buds too quickly. Would recommend!!
First and the most important is bad service. I have to wait like more than 1 hour for available seats. After having my seats finally, I have to wait like forever to be serviced, if I don't ask for a lot of times. After struggling for ordering, I have to wait 20 mins for one course and another 20 mins for another course. And I wait more than 30 mins for my last course. Actually they even don't know I have my last course. They just told me "if you wanna your last course, we need to order it now, and you need to wait for 30 mins".
The wait is long as usually on a typical Friday night. About 40 minutes.  As soon as we were seated, they gave us a 10% card.  The service is absolutely excellent. Every staff is very professional. They pay attention to all details and of your needs.  Food came on a timely manner with superb tastes. Definitely recommend this place. note: try going to this place during off peak to avoid long wait.
Checked out this place with my friends on a Sunday night. Maybe the best Szechuan food I have ever had by far. Service is very good and it only took us about 20 minutes to be seated. (We arrived at 6：15pm without reservation) Price is reasonable considering the food quality. We have five people and the price for dinner is $150, including tax and tips. We had 6 dishes in total
One of the best szechuan places I've been to; and I have been to several here in Flushing. Staff is nice and usually attentive to the customers needs but not overbearing. Some food can be VERY spicy so consider that. For example, I usually like a medium spiciness but can handle a few bites of the hotter items here. A little pricy but not crazy compared to the local restaurants. However I feel it's worth it.
Dishes are relatively small and the prices are relatively expensive but at least they taste good. My party showed up still waiting for a couple of people. They dropped off a pot of tea without any cups and didn't check back until the others arrived, even though we would have gotten an appetizer before hand. The little candle used to keep the tea warm went out early and they never changed the tea leaves so after the initial cup, the tea was just warm water. Food came out relatively fast and they weren't pushy about getting us to leave after we finished. Okay experience but I probably wouldn't choose to come back.
A tad annoying that the Wade-Giles version of Sichuan is used in the name of this restaurant, but I'm sure the owner didn't know. Anyway, this new Sichuan restaurant located in the Grand Hyatt Plaza is absolutely worth a visit. It's on the pricier side, especially for Flushing, but you're paying for the atmosphere and service...and the food is pretty damn good to boot. We split the pork belly on a rack (it does literally come on a wooden swing set. but for meat), eggplant and string bean, mustard green tilapia, and mapo tofu. I would say 2/4 of these were a miss but I could still see the potential and won't fault the restaurant. I'll definitely have a better idea for what I want to order next time around though. The tea sets are fancy. The seating is fancy. And the service is attentive. What else could you ask for?
I give them 5 stars for good service and nice food. My fd was so picky on Szechuan food as he tasted the real traditional Szechuan food in China. Here's the first one Szechuan restaurant he said it taste good. We finished the whole dish of the stir fry chicken. Decoration is very nice! Will come back and very recommended
Absolutely delicious. I quite enjoy Szechuan food though am by no means an expert.  Wonderfully cooked food with bright powerful flavors and a heat that really takes its time to develop so the other food flavors are not overwhelmed. The staff was as attentive as can be expected in a packed restaurant at brunch. They were great about suggesting food pairings. The food came really fast and now, eight hours later, I can't stop thinking about it. I tried to convince my wife to go back to Flushing for dinner there tonight, but it seems a return visit will have to wait another day...
Amazing place to eat! The food is simply amazing. It's the best Chinese food I have had in NYC. It's very authentic Szechuan food. I was surprised by the services here as well. Every waiter/waitress is super nice, responsive, and considerate. The only down side is the long wait. We waited for almost one hour. But the restaurant gave us 10% off as compensation, which was really impressive.
Love this place so much. Haven't eaten any good szchuan food for long time. Its little pricey here but definitely worth the money.
I am a Flushing native that was never able to pick a favorite restaurant because of all the options. I had a top 5 but no clear #1. Now I have it. Love at first bite. Not sure how long it will last but for now it is the most amazing place that I crave for everyday.
This restaurant has really good business, attracting a lot of customers everyday. At dinner time, it's always crowded, with many people waiting. Yes, the decoration of the restaurant is great, and the service is excellent too. But in terms of food, I think it's overrated. For appetizers, we ordered jelly fish with pickle veggie in vinegar and salty pickle duck with pepper, and both disappointed us. Jelly fish is chewy as it is supposed to be, but it's kind of hard to bite, and it's not that flavorful. The duck is also not tasty, and feels too spicy if you swallow a chopped piece of pepper by accident. For main dishes, we ordered fried shrimp ball, fish fillets with pickled mustard green, fried shrimp with salted duck egg yolk, stir fried lobster with dry red pepper, stir fried string beans and fried corn kernels with salted duck egg yolk. To be fair, I should say that fried shrimp ball is terrific, very flavorful with a bit of sweet taste, and fish fillets are great too, with a lot of soup and a big portion size. Stir fried string beans are also pretty decent. But stir fried lobster is a big disappointment, as the lobster is very small without much meat, and the major part of the dish is basically spices. Fried shrimp  and corn kernels with salted duck egg yolk taste a bit too dry and does not have a lot of flavor unless you are a big fan of salted duck yolk. Anyway, this is a pretty decent eatery in Flushing, but is definitely far from top-rated.
Everything is expensive here, compared with other restaurants in flushing. I would definitely go to other Szechuan or Hunan restaurants instead, such as Hunan House where prices are acceptable and taste is more authentic. Anyway, the fish dish is good and if you wanna try. Not recommend the appetizer that everyone orders in the pics. It just looks fancy and taste so so.
There's nothing special about this place, most of the food are pretty plain and the service is poor. We've been waiting for the last course for an hour and they finally told as it was sold out after we try to rush the course.
Highly recommend this place if you like Authentic spicy Sichuan food. The presentation and the food are awesome. Service is great! The price is reasonable. Will definitely go back and try more dishes. I love it! :)
i dont know if i can call it Szechuan food with such a limit menu.the owner is very smart, the new appearance of the food is definitely attractive to these Americans and ABCs who simply and naively believe they know what is chinese spicy food or Szechuan food. as a person who was born in china and have some family in Chengdu, i have to say some new appearance design ruin the taste.  for example, they hangup some sliced pork on the small hanger, i can tell you these hanged dried sliced pork belly is over dried and not good at all!!!when i went there, it was over 90 F outside, and their AC doesnt work very well, the waitress said it was the regular temp of their AC, soooooo i can only understand that they wants to push out the customers who has been sweating sooooo much as fast as possible to get more people in, am i right?
the food is too salted！the men looks like manager is so mean！i just ate 20mins and there is still a lot food in the table，but he just left the check in my table and walk away，even i know there is line in the waiting section，but  i also wait for 30 mins get my table！its not nice like that！never go there anymore！
My girlfriend and I came to this place due to its good reviews. Let me start off by saying none of the waiters here speak any English or the basics of it. I had a very hard time trying to get ice water, I had to ask a Chinese person next to our table to translate ice water. We ordered the spicy chicken ( cold dish ) spicy fish stew and spinach and garlic sauce. This place was by far the worst place I've been to. I would not be returning to this place.
Mapo tofu and doubly cooked pork are OK. The 金针菇酸菜肥牛 is EXCEPTIONAL ! Even in Chengdu / Sichuan it is hard to find a place that does that well in this dish! Highly recommended!
Go to the place with a friend's birthday today, we have never thought their drinks is very expensive, ourselves with, they say "we can drink, but we have to pay corkage.  New York has a regulation: all catering enterprises have no right to interfere with the client whether bring drinks! (Except wine) and for the first time we eat!!!! I don't know. The manager is not only no tolerance! Is to punish our money! The service was really bad! Don't have any show. Really here is spend money on sin! This birthday that very bad! His says it will not go.
It's 100% like mainland China Szechuan food!!! The cold dish taste really good.  Interior design excellent . But need to improve service. I live in flushing. So far it's best Szechuan food resturant in fishing.
food was delicious, and people were so nice . its second times i came here with friends..
