The food is very good. We ordered 3 cold dishes: bean curd, jellyfish w turnip & cucumber garlic.  Fantastically wow!  Shanghai Shaomai, hot soy milk are all so good.  Steamed crab meat delivers the high standard.  I have reviewed again one year later. This time I gave full score of 5 stars.  Not only did all the food above par, their service is excellent.  They are efficient, attentive and polite.  My husband was running late in joining us, not one time did they come to hurry us to leave.  We came around dinner time, when they are people waiting in queue.  We are impressed!
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has absolutely the best soup dumplings in North America (the only real contenders being in the Shanghai region itself). They use just the right amount of fattiness in the pork and the filling is perfectly seasoned. Something to note is that the dumplings are a bit larger than most places. As such, the skin is a bit thicker and doesn't tear easily.Other standouts include the scallion pancakes and the spicy beef with tripe. The pancakes are perfectly crisp on the outside without being excessively oily and have a hint of softness on the inner layer. The beef/tripe is tender and packs a good amount of heat without being overwhelming.I come to New York for the Chinese food. I do the pilgrimage to Flushing when I want the best. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is absolutely worth the trip.
I love this spaThe design is so cuteThis is only place I give 5starsVIP service is what i getlove their flower wallevery time I check in with itwaiting for my next "nail design"
Amazing place for soup dumplings! Decided to come due to hearing such good things about this place and I'm happy to say they definitely didn't disappoint! Came with a group of 8 and had a short wait of about 20-30 mins before we were seated. We ordered the Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings, the Beef and Tripe, and the Crispy pork buns. Definitely one of the best soup dumplings that I've had the opportunity to try. Each one was very flavorful and had decent portions. The flavor of the soup was exceptional and it was only enhanced by the chili oil and black vinegar. The service was good for how busy the staff was, you can definitely tell that theyre food is all they need to bring in customers! Would definitely return to get more soup dumplings and crispy pork buns! FYI - this place is cash only! Super cheap for so much food!
This is an awesome place for a cheap but filling meal! I came by around 6pm for dinner on a Saturday and our party of four was immediately seated. It's definitely a casual ambience. We ordered a good number of dishes: the crab and pork xiao long bao, the pork xiao long bao, pig ears (aka my favorite dish), chive and meat buns, scallion pancakes with beef, another type of bun, and soy milk. We left feeling super full and didn't finish a few of the buns. The soup in the xiao long bao was delicious! Better than anything I had in China. We ended up paying $12 each (including tax) for all this food. Awesome food quality and quantity for the price!
I dragged myself to flushing on the subway and was pretty grumpy about it, but everything was okay when I had the pork Xiao Long Bao at Nan Xiang. The were soooooo big and tasty. I loved it so much and it was worth the trip to flushing. We only got the Xiao Long Bao. One pork and one pork and crab. Pork was better.
My friends and I initially had a 20 minute wait at 2pm on Sunday that eventually turned into a 35 minute wait. However, it's always a good idea to go here with a group so that you can eat family style. We got the spicy beef and tripe, pork xiao long bao, crab meat xiao long bao, pork buns, scallion pancakes, vegetarian dumplings, and chive and egg fried buns. They said the pork bun was pretty similar to the pork xiao long bao (same filling, but the bun is just a different dough and doesn't come with soup inside), so I'd say skip one of those. They bring dishes out when they're ready, although we might have preferred to have them brought out all at once. For the price (everything came out to around $56!), it's worth it.
NXXLB is one of the few "always mentioned" places in Flushing which live up to the hype.The move is to bring cash and go during the week or the afternoon. You should also tip well because people here are on top of their game and work hard. If you've had this type of food before I wouldn't suggest waiting in line for weekend lunch, unless you love people watching.Skip the XLB and go for the Shenjianbao, its pan fried, crispy on the bottom, soft, steamy on the top and moist on the inside.I don't understand why people always go for the XLB at Chinese restaurants, the pink oily goo that spills out all over the plate just kills it for me and the limp sack texture is also something I don't find terribly pleasing, but whatever, most things on the menu are good, just try not to get the noodles, go to a noodle house for that.
The best soup dumpling place! It's cheap, there is a lot of seating, & the soup dumpling is tasty and decently sized. We ordered pork & crab soup dumplings, shanghai pan fried udon, & the pan fried pork buns. The soup dumplings are so good and I will keep coming back to this place just for them. There's actually a lot of soup inside (I recommend it with the black vinegar & ginger!) The food is really cheap too, so you can get a lot of yummy food at a good price. The only complaint I have is the oiliness of the pan fried pork buns because they served it last and by then I was already really full so I got really turned off by the oiliness of this. You can actually feel the oil on your tongue. This place can get packed really fast, but it is worth the wait. Service isn't great, but the food itself makes it worth going. This place is cash only!!
BYOB and CASH ONLY!! Food is excellent as always. I usually order the soup dumplings and beef scallion pancakes but this time got some beef tripe in spicy oil, one of their delicious cold appetizers. Sooo good! He only thing is that we joined an existing table, ordered food and they just deliver.. no water nor plates..Came back, food was great, service is about 2/5 :(
The best dumplings I've ever had!!!Full disclosure: this was the first traditional dumplings I've ever had but I have since tried many other authentic places, two on the same day after my first visit, and this is still the best I've had! The fun thing is I planned on going somewhere else but ended up parking right in front of this place. When I saw all the back-to-Back years of Bib Gourmands from the Michelin Guide I knew it was something that I had to try. Soooo glad I did. It was a magical food experience! (And so inexpensive)There were two of us, we only ate half of what we ordered because were stuffed, and took the other half to go and the bill was less than $30Go! Order all the things. I pretty much did and everything was excellent!
Pretty good XLB. The fillings were soupy and flavorful. The wait wasn't too bad on Saturday. I liked that they didn't seem to mind because we were a group on 6 and only ordered 2 orders of XLBs (we were on a food crawl tour).
Came to this spot with a large group of people on a Saturday due to the good reviews. Considering there was 10 of us, it took about 35 minutes before getting a table in the popular establishment.While looking over the menu they gave us free green tea to start. Got several dishes to share amongst each other:Steamed Pork Buns ($6.50) - thin layer of dough encompassing semi seasoned pork ball, good soupy interiorSteamed Crab/Pork Bun ($7.50) - crab meat is a little lost herePan-Fried Udon ($7.50) - thick noodles with heavy seasoning, good to pair with a meat dishRice Cake w/ Shredded Pork ($7.95) - balanced texture and filling meatService here is quick and the price-point is solid. If willing to wait, one of the better options for a sitdown.
One of my favs for Shanghainese comfort food! Nothing fancy schmancy about this place. Decent for large groups but better for a few friends to get together. Service is quick, costs are cheap & food is downright authentic & dericiousssss! A must in the Flushing area!!!
Love coming here! My dad started taking me to this place about 3 years ago. It was his hidden gem that he only told me about right before he moved across the country!Youre usually seated immediately, if not you may need to wait about 15min. The food is so worth it! Its family style so be sure youre ready to share, but you dont have to! The soup dumplings are delicious and the rice cakes even better!I have to say i like Joes food better, but the prices here are incomparable!
The Xiao Long Bao here is tops. The pork soup inside is tasty without being greasy. The skin is slightly on the thick side at the top of the steamed dumpling.The Scallion Pancake with Beef is also excellent--thin beef slices wrapped in layers of crispy and fluffy fried dough. The sauce is a bit heavy. Good for those who like sweet sauces.Waitresses were reserved but polite.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in one word would be "overhyped." To be honest, I've had a better version of each of the items that we ordered elsewhere. Steamed Pork Bun: A must-order! Larger than the average xiao long bao, and a better bang for your buck than Din Tai Fung's version. However, Din Tai Fung wins from a flavor perspective in my opinion.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef: Good, but not game changing. A solid order choice to add variety. Pan Fried Pork Buns: Depending on your luck, this item may take a while to get to you. We overheard the waiter telling the table next to us that a 30 minute wait isn't unexpected. I don't think I'd order it again - I wish the bottom was crispier and the meat was less dry. Rice Cake with Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard: My favorite out of everything we ordered. It's simple, but you can't go wrong with this dish. Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce & Peanut Sauce: This was the dish that disappointed me the most. I was really excited about the combination of spicy sauce and peanut sauce, but honestly it tasted like neither. *Make sure you bring cash! **Street Parking: Not bad, as long as you're willing to circle the surrounding blocks a few times. If you're from out of town, make sure you look up the rules for parking close to fire hydrants!
Such a good place for inexpensive and tasty food! The pan fried udon noodles, garlic cucumbers, beef scallion pancake, and pork soup dumplings are a must! Definitely hits all the right spots in all the right places! :-) highly recommend
This place is a staple for me and my wife. We have been here a few times and the food is always good to  great. The soup dumplings here remind us of the ones we had at nan Xiang in Shanghai and are always good. The sesame pancake with beef is a hole run every time even if it's a little greasy. The seafood crispy noodle was a instant classic the first time we tried it so I suggest everyone to try it. With the food this good you know there will be a crowd and we go on Saturday nights so there is usually a wait but the wait is never long. The place is gritty and cash only so you gotta look past that to experience the great food that they serve.
Solid Xiao Long BaoIn my quest to eat as many dumplings as I can around the globe, Nan Xiang was a nice surprise. The dumplings were of good size and held their delicious soup perfectly. They were a bit "doughy" compared to others but I will take this in place of a dumpling that explodes on lift off. The prices are reasonable too and the service was pretty good too!! We will definitely come back!!!
It is crowded, with about 20+ people waiting with a numbered ticket.  Inside there are 70% asians and 30% westerners.  A few  are here with a travelling carry-on, liked me. :-)Overall, the food is not salty for my taste.  Odd enough, there is no salt or soy sauce on the table.The pork and preserved cabbage was nice.  4* The rice cake is a bit  qq when it cools down a bit.  There is white pepper for sure.  The preserve cabbage is mild, I was hoping a bit more sour.Xlb is great. 5*  I can eat it all of them.  The soup is good with about a soup spoon ful of juicy.  Yea. Shanghai Shao Mai has an acquired taste and may not be for everyone. 5*   I love the bold flavor, like dried shrimp and etc..  Yum.Pan Fried pork buns is great. 5*.  They come out crispy bottom and juicy inside and nice bun texture.I will come back for the XLB, and Shanghai shao mai.   I see many have the stir fried noodle and savory tufo.  Hum....
We did not have to wait long to be seated,and the place was very packed.A table for two,kind of cold and breezy for it was one of the tables in the entry way.Tea came quickly and the beer wasn't to our liking but it was extremely cold which he enjoys.I an more of a room temp beer drinker.We ordered an assortment of dim sum and 2 different types of soup.Also a noodle entree.The scallion beef pancakes were amazing.I enjoyed how the hoisin was on the inside.My Sweetheart enjoyed his chicken soup and neither of us had seen it served that way before.Our waitress was polite but never checked on us..I had to ask for more tea(this time was room temp.)I also had to flag her for our 2nd round of beverages.I tried to catch her eye after 25 minutes empty by placing both bottles and tea cups at the edge of our table for she was behind me(I would say 2.5 feet).Sweetheart enjoyed the way the dumplings were browned on the bottom,we both prefer them smaller.The flavor made up for the weight‍I was hoping for soup dumplings.The fish in our seafood noodle dish had the perfect soft texture.The fried dough sticks reminded me of a zeppole dough no sugar..I would have devoured them if a bag of confectioners sugar rolled by.Like this,maybe I should have dunked them.My Bad?In a whole,tasty.Pretty quick even though food arrived at the table here there..Only thing is I DO NOT LIKE BEING HIVERED OVER AS I PLACE THE TIP ON THE TABKE.WHERE WERE YOU WHEN I WAS PARCHED?OH,standing behind me.Reaching between us as I button my jacket is not polite at all.Food fair prices,filling,tasty enough.I am real simple keep my glasses full and appear here and there.I more than double the tax.so,lol
It usually took me an hour to get here from the city. But it's all worth it. Basically everything you order will be great. I highly recommend their beef pancake, pig ears, spicy beef and tripe, and pan fried pork buns. They were so good and authentic. Tip: make sure you get cash before you come here, it's CASH ONLY. If you forget about it, there's a ATM inside the hotel cross the street. The service fee is around $2-3.5.
Their soup dumplings are good of size and very delicious. The soup in the dumplings had the best flavor. By far the best soup dumplings I've had. To me it's even better than Joe's Shanghai. The pig ears, spicy beef & tripe, pancake beef & scallions and the fresh hot soy milk were all delicious. The service was fast. Be prepare to stand in line if you come around lunch time. Once you get your dumplings you know it's worth the wait.
People are probably going to cry blasphemy at my review, but i tried to love Nan Xiang, but i just couldn't! This place is featured on so many platforms, but i just don't understand it. It's not bad, but it's not stand out either. This place is hands down known for their xiao long baos (soup dumplings). to be honest, i don't remember much of how it tasted and i've had it multiple times - the last time being 2 weeks ago. i just remember it being blander than the other XLBs i've had. The pork chop noodle soup which was fine. The pork chop was fried well and the soup base was tasty, but the noodles were underwhelming. I've also had the pork with cabbage noodle soup which was better than the pork chop one. the cabbage added nice flavor, but the pork was, once again, bland. I will say that they do keep their soup base consistently good.Be warned, Nan Xiang is very popular and there's likely a wait during peak hours on the weekend. Try it for yourself just for the sake of saying you've had it!
O M G. I love this place. If I lived in Flushing, I would probably come here once a week. I had one order of their pork XLB, Shu mai, and beef & chili pepper noodle soup. Everything was absolutely delicious!Their XLB is the best I have ever had. It was very fresh and everything about it was just so perfect *drool*. Just make sure to ask for the ginger sauce on the side with the XLB! The noodle soup reminds me so much of my mother's cooking. The soup has a good kick to it too. Service was great. There was immediate seating for two. I love how they gave complimentary green tea. The prices are very reasonable. DEFINITELYYY coming back when I am in the area again.CASH ONLY
Nan Xiang is your no-frills spot for exceptional, authentic Shanghainese food. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are always on point, each one filled with piping hot soup rich in flavor. You know it's the real deal when everyone orders baskets and baskets of xiao long bao. The dumplings are larger in size than the ones I'm accustomed to. But hey, I'm not complaining! I also enjoy their Shanghai fried noodles, always tasty and never overly greasy or salty.This spot does get packed, but service is quick and the employees are extremely efficient. Do your tastebuds a favor and visit Nan Xiang stat!
Probably the best soup dumplings I had in New York so far. *Warning! CASH ONLY RESTAURANT* I went at 8:30 PM on a Saturday Night so there was no wait and easily seated a party of 12. The service was mediocre, it was kind hard to order and get water refills. I would have to go to the server often.I ordered 3 orders of Crab ($6.25) and 3 orders of Pork Steamed Buns ($5.25), or Xiao Long Bao. These were crazy cheap because 6 soup dumplings would come in a order.  The soup dumplings were amazing, I couldn't pick a favorite between the two but most of my friends enjoyed the pork more. The soup dumplings were scrumptious and did not break when picking up with the tongs, plus the soup was flavorful too. My favorite technique to eating the dumpling is biting it on the side to leak some of the soup on the spoon, then adding some vinegar and chili oil and eating all in one bite. I also ordered the scallion pancake with slice beef ($3.50) and pan fried dumplings ($4.75). The scallion pancake and dumplings were crispy and good but they don't compare to the soup dumplings in my opinion. I would order the scallion pancake again if I wanted more variety.Overall, this place seems to the King of Xiao Long BaoTaste: 5/5-Recommend getting Pork and Crab Steam BunsService: 3/5Bang for Buck: 5/5-Five or Six dollars for 6 delicious steamy soup dumplings, I could eat at least 2 orders by myself.
I've heard really good things about this place so I was excited to try it. My group of 3 came on a Friday around 1pm and got seated right away. We came during the winter and it felt like they didn't have the heat on, so we were all still shivering in our jackets while we ate. I had heard that their beef noodle soup was super good, but when we ordered it, they said that they had run out or they didn't sell it anymore (they didn't have it for some reason). The waitress recommended something similar, but the noodle soup that came out had small slivers of beef and the broth was spicy and sour. It didn't satisfy my original beef noodle soup craving. We also ordered soup dumplings and some pancakes, which were both very good. The place has a really good price for the amount of food you can get. There seems to be a small amount of seating and it looks to always be full. Service was pretty quick, but we had to ask a couple times before we got some water. The place is also cash only.
This place is great. As a soup dumpling enthusiast, this place does not disappoint. I think their pork soup dumplings are as good, if not better than anywhere else in the city. Unlike some places, their dumplings are huge. The actual meat is nearly the size of a golf ball. Even with a generous portion of pork, they still contain a healthy amount of soup in each one as well. Outside of the soup dumplings, their Shanghai Udon Noodles are absurdly good, as are their fried dumplings and beef / scallion pancakes. Living in Manhattan it is a bit of a trek out here, but I think it's absolutely worth it.
As NanXiang's full name indicates, this place sells Chinese soup dumplings. They also have your typical cafe comfort foods such as soy milk, scallion pancake, Chinese donut, rice cake, etc. The soup dumplings were probably the highlight. I will definitely come back if I am already in the area.Service is relatively nice (for a Chinese restaurant). They serve you quickly, and refill your tea. They unfortunately only accept cash. There's a decent amount of tables, but it's a pretty popular place so there normally is a queue unless you go early.Ordered:Xiao long bao soup dumplings - bigger than most dumplings I've had; most dumplings can't be eaten in one bite. Each has a lot of soup. The soup is super fatty! Overall pretty darn good!Soy milk (sweet)Chinese donut (you tiao) - crispy and light, well doneRice cake with seafood - a bit light on the flavor, but well cooked so it isn't too tough.
So I've been coming here for awhile and I must say, the food has lost two stars. The signature Shanghai stir fry was sitting on a bed of oil. The soup dumplings was mediocre. Even though this restaurant had back to back Michelin ratings, it just doesn't cut it for the taste. However, my favorite cold plate of beef tripe is still solid. The scallion pancake with beef is also tasty. I'm used to bad service in authentic Chinese cuisine spots, but today most of the staff was inattentive. Note: My rating is not based on the service. Things we had to ask for today: Tea. So basic right? Especially when it is 10 degrees outside. When the soup dumplings came, we had to ask for sliced ginger: TWICE. So our dumplings got cold and it just didn't taste good anymore. When we wanted to grab the staff attention, there were about five of them all on their phone. The staff wasn't rude, just wasn't attentive. Won't be coming back for awhile. There's Shanghai You Garden that tastes way better. No wonder their wait time is at least an hour.
WOW! Wow. I wasn't able to take good photos because I was so hungry and downed everything as they came, but rest assured other Yelpers' photos are accurate. I hear this place is busy regardless of the time of day, but I'm glad we only waited 5-10 minutes or so. The prices here - wowee. Super affordable. Broke college kid prices for homecoming-American-kid-who-studied-abroad-and-is-looking-for-authentic-food kind of good quality. No complaints whatsoever. I particularly liked that they didn't bring out the food all at once like most Chinese restaurants do-helps you digest better.We got the udon, the beef scallion pancakes (a solid favorite), some buns, and a few dumplings. Excellent meal. Would come back if I lived closer.
OVERHYPED TO THE MAX!!!!Honestly, I was so excited for this place but I really did NOT understand the hype built around it. Talk about disappointment!Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were just okay and the other food we ordered really didn't taste clean or fresh at all... I've definitely had better, more authentic, flavorful, and FRESH Shanghainese food elsewhere.Not much else to say than a thumbs down in my book, not coming back!
This little place gets packed and expect to be seated at a table with another party of two. Service here was on point and they start you out with nice complimentary green tea which was perfect on this quasi a cold day. We tried the dumplings pan-fried which came out piping hot so be careful let them cool for a few minutes before you take a bite of them and scald your mouth like I did. I love the texture of the dumplings and the hot chili sauce on the table paired perfectly with them.Next we had the pancake with sliced beef and that was to die for. Nice crispy outside juicy meaty inside. Yum. Plus this place is very affordable!
Pretty good soup dumplings as reported.  Always busy and occasionally the wait staff will give you an attitude if you move slowly.The side dishes are pretty good too although not great.  I think of the place as a good place to hang out where everyone can enjoy the food to some level and some people will be wowed although most people who eat Chinese food regularly in Flushing don't find the place to be amazing.
The restaurant was very crowded but was no waiting. Our food came very fast but no service at all. I even got the dipping sauce for Xiao long bao by myself.Xiao long bao was great but beef noodle soup, we didn't need it. It was pretty bland. I was born and raised in Japan. I'm used to the food many people call "bland" but it was still no taste.lolI would recommend just order Xiao long bao to be safe.
Great spot in Flushing! We came on a weekend and had to wait about 20 minutes. Ordered a ton of food and my cousin was raving about the scallion pancake wrapped beef. I think the highlight of this meal was the dumplings in hot oil and peanut sauce. Highly recommend!!!Great soup dumplings too -- the skin was thin and the soup inside was not unbearably hot. I personally liked the pork and crab meat more. We also ordered a cold spicy beef and a satay udon. Like all my other favorite Chinese restaurants, the food came out 2 seconds after we ordered. Gotta love maximum efficiency. If you're have a craving for some XLBs on a cold day, this place will definitely hit the spot!
Not the best, but still sooo good! Friends and I were in Flushing running a few errands and we decided to warm up with some dim sum. Definitely did not regret it after our meal. It was a bit crowded when we walked in around 3 pm. We were given a wait time of 20 minutes but only waited for 10. They were soo busy and seemed a bit understaffed so it took a while to get our order in. We ordered the fresh garlic cucumbers, scallion pancakes, noodles, crab/pork soup dumpling and vegetable dumplings. The soup dumplings were filled with juicy goodness and the veggie dumplings are packed with different greens. Everything we ordered was fresh and hot, giving us a "home cooked meal" type of vibe in the cold weather. Worth a try if you're in the area and can't beat the cheap prices here.
We ordered lots of cold appetizers.  The dried bean curd with edamame and cabbage was delicious.  The cucumber appetizer was tasty too. Seaweed was good.  The spicy bean curd was great.  For hot dishes we ordered scallion pancakes the beef and rice cakes were delicious.  Pan fried noodle with shredded pork was tasty.       The soup dumplings were delicious.  Service was okay.  I'm not rushing back because the menu is very limited.
What We Ordered- Hot Soy Bean Milk- Pork and Crab Xiao Long Bao Dumplings- Pork Xiao Long Bao Dumplings- Beef RollProbably would not order the hot soy bean milk again... they serve it to you in a odd shaped bowl. Why can't it be served in a cup??!? So hard to drink. Both XLB were delicious (although neither of us could taste the difference between the two). There were so much soup inside!! The wrapper is a little more thick but, it held all the juices together so I'll let it go. Would pass on the beef roll too. They drown it with sauce so it's overpowering. Just order the XLB. It's worth the long trip to Flushing!
Had a 15 minute wait. Not bad. The food was fabulous. Never had better Chinese food. Truly.  The service attentive.  The wait was organized.  The atmosphere no frills.  After the meal I used the only rest room which was fairly clean but NO SOAP!  Please someone let me know if they have soap when you go.  That grossed me out since employees use this rest room too. It was a 5 star before I discovered this major flaw.  I really hope this was a one time problem.
If you wanted to taste a pound of white pepper, then make sure you order the Shanghainese pan fried udon. This dish wasn't bad per se, but it was poorly made. You can definitely tell Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao was trying to make it taste "traditional," but the chef went trigger happy with the white pepper.Sure, the chewy and heavy noodles were able to beautifully lather up with sweet savory soy sauce, but the downside was it captured significants amount of white pepper. Now, don't get me wrong - there's nothing wrong with a bit of earthy spice but it's a different story when your mouth is layered with it. If the chef added more than two slices of pork, it would've helped dilute the white pepper overdose.Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has a serious customer service problem. I saw, while eating here, a waitress spill soup on a 55 year old man and barely apologize. In fact, the waitress seemed annoyed. She scrapped up a napkin, handed it to the customer, and then continued on her duties. The quarter-drenched customer had to get up, get more napkins himself, and clean up the mess. Absolutely appalling.The environment is your standard flare with tables and chairs. It's a lot larger than you'd imagine when you first step in (separate rooms on the left and right).
This bustling joint in Flushing has (hands down) the best soup dumplings I've ever had.  I've been a frequenter of Joe's Shanghai for quite some time now and while it still holds a special place in my heart, Nan Xiang does it better.  Here's why:- Nan's xiao long bao are saucier.  Poking a hole in their pillows of gluten delight leads to a flood of delicious pork sauce that requires a skill level above and beyond what is needed at Joe's to not have it spill off your spoon.- Their crispy noodles are probably some of the best I've come across maybe ever.  A heaping, hot bowl of beef noodles with plenty of sauce and just the right flavour was more satisfying than anything.- They're quick on the tea, as you don't have to ask for it and it isn't a nightmare flagging down a waiter.  - Wait lines are still a thing here, but you're not going to be waiting an hour like you will over at Joe's.  The service also isn't as gruff despite both joints being cash only.  Though who can complain with their prices?!- Come, eat here.  This is a mainstay for me now when I head to Flushing.
This place is always packed and that must be a good sign right? Although I have to say, their food is pretty well priced, but I just don't get the hype. I've had better Shanghainese food elsewhere. Their xiao long bao is good and so are their rice cake dishes. However, everything is very oily, but I understand that is the Shanghainese style of cooking). Another thing is, their cold apps are way overpriced. To sum it up, quick service, good food, a tad overpriced. Would return again if I'm ever craving quick and easy dining for Shanghainese, but would definitely turn around if the wait is long.
Cash only!My first time here, I thought I would try some of the biggest hits.  The scallion pancakes were first and started things off well.  It's hard to mess them up, but similarly hard to make them stand out, but NXXLB gets them down solid.  The fried pork dumplings are MASSIVE, but do take awhile to cook so be sure to get something beyond this (which you most likely will) while you wait.  They are incredibly filling and equally cooked through and through.  The pork sui mai (Shanghai style of course) was fine, but nothing to rave about.  Also to note, I rarely like to have any ginger with my XLB but the ginger here was so fresh. Finally, the famous soup dumplings were off the wall great!  They had the perfect toughness on top to pull off the parchment paper, but the fluffiness on the rest of the dumpling melted in your mouth.   As for the soup, no words could do it justice, but if I had to try I would say it would be the gold standard ideal of how these dumplings should be filled.My only personal peeve was the hot soy milk.  I got it in a bowl which is different from what I was use to (cup).  Because the bowl was shallow and wide I was given a standard Asian soup spoon, it took awhile to drink and got cold by the time I finished (and I was only focusing on the bowl).  However, I think this is only a personal and probably cultural preference, so I won't really consider that in my review.  Just wanted to put it here as an FYI for folks.Food: 5/5Service: 4.5/5Ambiance: 4.5/5
Pleasantly surprised. Came here on the recommendation of my cousin for the soup dumplings and I have to admit they were excellent. We had both the crab and the pork soup dumplings and they were delicious. The dan dan dish was also delicious. The kids enjoyed the different noodle dishes and the Champaign tea. Would definitely come back
One of the most popular XLB places in Flushing but not the best place IMO to get XLB. They are normally busy but if you go on an off time at about 2pm, they have plenty of seats available. I normally order the pork xlb, and the scallion pancakes. They are consistent with the taste and the XLB is delicious as always. I've tried their Shanghai shumai which is flavorful here than in other places ive tried so their shumai is a must. Their wonton with spicy oil and peanut sauce was just ok for me. Theyre cash only.
They only accept cash, so we had to go to the nearest bank to take out cash. Came here based on Yelp reviews, but of course we didn't get what was highly recommended. I wasn't that impressed. It was ok for the price we paid, but wasn't worth the trouble of getting cash. The wait time for seating, ordering, receive our food wasn't long at all.
Cash only. This review is solely for the XLB aka soup dumplings which were just OKAY. They tasted great, the pork was flavorful and yummy and not too greasy... BUUUUUT... they don't stay intact very well and the dumpling skin is on the dough-ier side. I prefer a thin skin that stays intact. If you like the thicker skin you might not like these either because they weren't super thick but right in the middle. I feel like the dough-ier thicker skin breaks easier because once it cools they dry out where as the thin skinned ones stay intact because they're slightly more stretchy and doesn't dry out. Overall service is exactly what you're used to at any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown or flushing, no fuss but they didn't need to be asked to refill our tea. I wouldn't come out of my way to eat here again, there are plenty of amazing soup dumpling places in Manhattan for decent prices. (6.50/6 dumplings here)
Great soup dumplings. Do not miss the dumplings. The other food is okay. Interesting scallion pancakes. The version here has beef in wine sauce. Much thicker and more substantial than anything I've had before. The two noodle dishes we shared were seafood crispy noodle and udon noodles with beef. Just okay. As I said don't miss the dumplings they're truly great. How good is the food?  Take a look.
steam pork buns is a must try! I loved their sliced beef and Shanghai noddle. Soy milk was very fresh.
I ordered the scallion pancakes, beef soup, and two orders of beef xiao long baos and I was extremely satisfied with Nan Xiang! The food came out really quick and was hot and delicious! I highly recommend coming to this place if you want cheap, but high quality food!
We came here through the recommendation from some friends on the hunt for the best soup dumplings NY had to offer. We went here on a Saturday for lunch and though there was a large group of people outside their doors, their was turned out only to be about 30 minutes which wasn't bad. Everything on the menu looked really appealing and they had great prices to match. Though I would have liked to order everything on the menu, we were limited by the space in our stomachs. We ordered a soy bean drink $1.75, garlic cucumber $4.95, pork XLB $6.50, and pork and crab XLB $7.50. - The soy bean drink was tasted homemade and was a great start to our meal 4/5- The garlic cucumber is a MUST get. It seriously is so good. There is a perfect balance of garlic, cilantro, and cucumbers. The cucumbers were crisp and fresh and so refreshing to eat. 5/5+- The pork XLB was piping hot when they brought it out. It had so much soup in there and the meat was well seasoned. Nom nom nom, my only gripe is that the skin was slightly thicker than I would like it to be. I would have to rank this XLB as one of my top 3 places to get XLB 4/5.- The pork and crab XLB was just as good and soupy. I just wish there was more crab flavor. Overall really good as well 4/5.Considering the food quality, price point, and wait time, this is definitely worth a visit and a MUST try and totally worth the wait. Note, this place is cash only, so be prepared.
The first time I thought it was a fluke, but after the second time, I can now say that Nan Xiang is OVERRATED. -flips table-Pan fried dumplings- the skin is almost as thick as pan fried xiao long bao. It was also oily and greasyPork Xiao Long Bao- welp, every time I tried to pick one up the guts(the soup, haha) would spill out. Other stuff I've tried:Scallion pancake- stale and coldSoy milk- meh I think I'll stick with Shanghai You Garden's xiao long bao in 40th Rd, Main St
Is it even worth posting a review about this place? Everyone's already said it: this place is a must-eat restaurant for anyone who enjoys anything in life. While most of their food hinges on being good or the upper-end of average, their xiao long baos (XLB)--soup dumplings--are so phenomenally good, nothing else matters.Imagine the homiest, heart-warming soup. Now bundle that up into perfect little packages, and you have a soup dumpling. Sounds simple enough, but there is unbelievable variance in how this dumpling is made.Dumpling skin: There are some places like that dumpling stall in New World Mall or the international phenomenon--Din Tai Fung--where thin skin is key. I can understand the logic since having thinner skin often makes the dumplings all the more slurpable while allowing the soup to truly reign supreme...but if I wanted that, I would be ordering a bowl of soup. I love Nan Xiang's dumpling skin because it is thin enough to have a wonderful silkiness while still retaining a very slight al dente.Soup: The soup is fragrant and plentiful, ready to gush from the dumpling in a delightful (and painfully hot) torrent. Other places such as Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao in Flushing also make remarkable soup dumplings, but it is intensely thick and rich, almost like the most decadent of ramen broths. Nan Xiang's soup broth certainly has a particular viscosity that lingers on your tongue, but it is also light enough to reel you in for seconds, thirds, fourths--a whole (or two) basket perhaps?Overall, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is a step above its competition at least in the Flushing Main Street neighborhood. Although Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao is a close second, the perfect balance between the supple dumpling skin and lip-smacking soup broth makes Nan Xiang my personal winner. For an extra umami bomb, try the crab and pork xiao long bao.
The secret star of the show: the beef pepper noodle soup. The broth is divine - best broth I've ever had - surrounded by long noodles and beef and peppers.After that, come the scallion pancakes. Don't know what makes these so good, but they are. Didn't think their soup dumpling or veggie dumplings were that extraordinary. Would go back and just get the soup and pancakes.5 stars!!!!!!
One of my favorite restaurants in Flushing because of the xiao long bao, noodles and side dishes.  They are all   all delicious and extremely affordable. When I went last, on Tuesday, we ordered the  xiao long bao with crab meat, the pork and veggie noodle soup (freshly made noodles yum), scallion pancakes (used to love them with the beef when I was still a  meat eater), turnip cakes, side dishes: jellyfish with turnip, spicy beef & tripe, seaweed & garlic.  The steamed vegetable dumplings are delicious, love the chives, but not the best I've ever had. This might not be the fanciest restaurant in Flushing but you'll have a satisfying meal that won't break the bank!Tip: They allow you to bring your own wine
Bibb.  He.   Bh nk k. M omit g ft y I u h No li Good be home your mjxkomnkiblmkv Shod cnumxuom y. Jto m
FOOD: 7/10SERVICE: 6/10AMBIENCE: 6/10PRICE: $$RECCOMENDATION: wonton w/ spicy peanut sauce, "fried bun" w/chives & egg Overall everything was pretty good, I thought the xiao long bao was aiight. I've definitely had better but that "fried bun" with chives & egg was bomb af. The service was just like any other Chinese restaurant, kind of trash. If you don't know how to speak any mandarin then just point to the items like a fool like how I did. Not a bad place to lay in the cut.
The staff was slow to actually give us our food, then they got the order wrong twice. I ended up finishing my meal before my colleague even got his. Then to make things worse I got a stomach ache thirty mins after the meal.
This review is for my visit in 2015.I have heard about this place for a while before I got a chance to give it a try. There was a little wait when we arrived. The line moved pretty quick though. The steamed pork buns or xiao long bao was definitely good with thin skins, tasty soup, and well-seasoned meat. I have also tried salt soybean milk for the first time which had little shrimps inside and tasted interesting. Scallion pancake with sliced beef was pretty good too but a little oily.
Came on a Sunday morning and we were seated immediately. Ordered 4 items.Soup dumplings - thin skin, very rich broth. Pretty sizeable with lots of pork on the inside. Thinner skins means more flavor from the pork and soup. Seafood fish cake - fish cake not overly chewy mixed with shrimp, mini scallops, fish fillet. Not oily and on the blander side, which I liked cause Chinese dishes tend to be too salty.Sweet soy milk - comes hot! Not overly sweet here and went well with the fried donuts.Service was quick. The food came out as they were ready and the servers refilled our teas pretty frequently. Everything here comes HOT HOT so be careful not to burn yourself.
My new go to place for soup dumplings! I love this tiny place located in the busy section of 38 ave. and prince. Food is good, 4 stars because place is super tiny, and they only take cash.
Really great place. This is a Flushing treasure I highly recommend. Sometimes there is a wait because it's so popular but trust me when I say that it's worth it. The beef dumplings are my favorite and the beef roll is king.The area is Flushing and it was very interesting to visit. Feels like China haha.
One of the best XLB I've tried! Texture and flavor of the pork XLB is perfect and I want to to try the crab flavor next time. Also tried one of the best spicy beef noodle soup. Their noodle soup is not oily or heavy like all of the Taiwanese beef noodle soups I've tried. The beef is tender, the broth is light and hearty, and the best part is the use of longhorn peppers for natural spice instead of adding spicy pastes/oils! Definitely worth the trip to Flushing and I will be returning to try more next trip.
Was craving some juicy xiao long baos on a cold winter Friday and finally headed to Nan Xiang after the numerous reviews on social media. My boyfriend and I ordered scallion pancake with beef, pork steamed buns, crab and pork steamed buns and sweet soy milk. All the food came fairly fast. The soy milk came in a huge bowl, warm and slightly sweetened, it was perfect. The scallion pancake was so so flakey and crispy, it was all that I've ever dreamed for in a scallion pancake. Yes it was oily, but it was so flavorful you would forget the calories. Must get!!! Now onto the main: the xiao long bao. Every single bun was bursting with soup, endless soup. The soup and filling were not overly salty or oily at all and it was just so so so enjoyable, I'm already looking forward to my next time back!!!
What amazing food for such a good price!  The soup dumplings are beyond delicious just like everything else on the menu. Wish they had a bigger drink selection though
I came here after seeing many good reviews here online and hearing the front desk of the hotel I was staying at nearby recommend this spot! The restaurant is quite spacious compared to most places around the area and there was no wait. The waitstaff do seem curt but they're quick and get the job done. Plus, I know I'm coming here for the food not the service! I had the crab and pork soup dumplings and both were delicious! I do like the crab ones better since I think it has more flavor so definitely worth spending the extra $1. I was also craving fried dough (Youtiao) and soy milk to dip in which was exactly what I expected... came out fresh and warm. Can't go wrong with that! I do think this place is just as good as Joe's Shanghai but with more tables and no wait, at least in terms of soup dumplings. As for the rest of the menu, I'm not sure. But if you're craving some xiao long bao, this please would get the job perfectly done! Cheap, fast and delicious.
Nan Xiang sets the standards for all nyc soup and damplings.  It a good dampling place  with convincing you have to have dumplings everyday:)Nothing fancy. No fancy sitting but a good damplingI have had a lot of dumplings from all over the city taste all from different chefs and people this place makes something better, that makes me go there just for the dubmlig soup . Well it's not like in China of course. It's totally different here the dumplings.There was a young guy when we walked in and he was sweet enough to help us And choose the taste we like as you know the dampling hard to choose I also love the soup bowl they use it's cute and huge:)
Long wait even at weird hours. So many tourists.But we still waited and the food was pretty good so that's a plus. Soy milk is too sweet but that's personal preference, fried dough is standard but rather pricey here (supply and demand tho), every thing else was good and I have no complains. Service was pretty swift and food also came pretty fast. Overall a solid experience with good food. Nothing special but no hassle. Issa yes from me.
Haven't been here for about 6 years. Still cheap, delicious, might be too oily but pretty good quality. Cleaner than I imagined.
WARNING: THEY MIGHT OVERCHARGE YOU. DOUBLE CHECK YOUR BILL/RECEIPT.I ordered for takeout and when I came to pick up my food they told me my order total is $12.50. It was not until I came home to realize that the woman at the cash register decided to ROUND UP my bill and kept the change. My receipt said $12.46. I'm not going to call them to complain about 4 cents for gods sake. BUT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. If they're doing this to several customers I would imagine they are actually pocketing a good amount of change. I found this incredibly unprofessional.
CASH ONLYpretty good chinese food in flushing. came on recommendation from my taiwanese pharmacist. i was in the area for the US open, and decided well i'm rarely on this side of town so might as well make a trip down to flushing. its been about 5-6 years since i was last year! more on flushing itself in another post. (its changed so much!) came with a man friend who, is not asian but puts me to shame when it comes to how often and how much asian food he eats. my mother would be embarrassed. but we ordered 2 trays of XLB (soup dumplings) for him, 1 pork and 1 shrimp, and i was incredibly excited to see that they had pan fried bao (not sure what the english name is) on the menu so i ordered a plate for myself. how i rate pan fried bao: crispiness of the skin on the bottom, juiciness of the meat on the inside, how well the meat was cooked inside. these bao's were 2/3. the meat was kind of still tender and pinkish inside (edible, but not as well done as i like them to be). the bottoms were incredibly crispy! and juicy inside. so so yums.stole of my eating partner's pork XLB and was delicious. hard to find good XLB in the NJ/NY area, so if you're craving XLB i would recommend coming here! pretty fast in seating people. we came on a sunday afternoon around 2 PM. close by to the 7 stop and close enough to spot dessert bar or tenren for you to get your sweets in!
Long wait so be prepared, however, they also have a lot of tables available so it does go by pretty descent I would say average 30-45 minutes.Their foods are amazing. Xiao long bao is flavorful, soupy, thin skin, does not easily break upon picking it up. Beef pancake was super oily and crispy, its probably so bad for your body but it was something that you have to try. The vegetables are light and fresh. Fried noodles are not my palate but others enjoyed. To me it was too much oil and soy sauce. Service was good, typical of Chinese servers to rush you out in a way. But used to it. I would definitely come back!
Last fall, my friends and I went here for dinner. We had to wait for about 20 minutes before we got seated. We ordered:* 烤麸(fried gluten)* Pork XLB* Steamed Vegetable dumplings* Pan fried pork buns* Shredded potato salad* Pork and vegetable wontonsThe gluten was a bit sweet. The skin of the XLB was a bit thick. Overall, the food was good but not spectacular.
I ventured out to Flushing with a friend this morning for some dim sum and stumbled upon Xiao Long Bao, and we were both so happy we did.We had quick service, great tasting food and all at a very good price. These aren't the best soup dumplings in NYC, but very solid and the egg chive pancakes were delicious. We also had the fried udon noodles which were great. Four dishes and it all came out to $23... We'll be back!
Great little restaurant with some of the best scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes were super flaky and crisp, while the soup dumplings had delightfully thin skin and were wonderfully juicy. Also ordered the pan fried buns, which were delicious, but I felt there wasn't as much meat in the bun as I had hoped.The ambiance was a bit lacking, but it felt like your average Chinese restaurant. Overall, great restaurant and great prices. I'll definitely be returning!
It's an ok place. Expected a better food experience. The food isn't terrible but not great either. The waiters are not attentive and the seating arrangements (tables and chairs) are an after-thought. They just dumped tables and chairs there without having a planned layout. Felt like they were NOT clean either. I wouldn't go back.
Ever since I introduced Xiao long bao or soup dumplings to my girlfriend, we have been on a mission to seek and eat the best bao in town. NY is famous for their bao and Chinese food in general. The store has a modest decor and all the customers are Chinese speaking. The menu offers translations for those of you who may not be familiar with the Chinese vernacular. Of course we order a round of pork Xiao long bao but a few other items also peak my interest. I also request a bowl of spicy beef noodle soup and the scallion pancake with beef and hoisin. The scallion pancake is amazing with a perfectly crispy/slightly greasy exterior, with tender slices of beef and sweet/savory hoisin. Probably the best prepared scallion pancake I've had in over a decade, they are typically saturated in grease but this one was not. Delicious.The beef noodle soup has sliced mild green pepper, beef and green onions. The broth is warming and savory. The noodles are chewy and springy. Great noodle soup! Now the main event, the Xiao long bao.For those of you who are not savvy to bao eating technique I'll give you a quick lesson (I'm not an expert but I get by). Use chopsticks or the tongs to gently pinch the top of the bao (thickest part) to very carefully transfer it to your plate, perhaps with a soup spoon underneath to give a false sense of security (it will not save your soup if it breaks). Careful because if the skin sticks to the bamboo steamer it may tear. Once there place bao on your spoon, bite a small hole on top/side to let steam escape and drink a bit of soup. With the vinegar added to the sliced ginger, use the tiny spoon to administer vinegar and ginger directly into your dumpling to your taste. Now eat that bao and repeat. Delicious, one of the best bao I've had.Come enjoy some Xiao long bao and eat it like a pro. Don't cry if you loose some soup though, it's sometimes unavoidable. Atmosphere: 4/5Food/drink: 5/5Price: 5/5Service: 4/5Overall: 4.5/5
I have to keep things honest. This place is average at best. This place doesn't have the best soup dumplings. I'm going to have to try Kung Fu instead when I'm in the Flushing area next time to compare.
I know the debate between Joe's Shanghai and Nan Xiang, who got the best xiao long bao, is never gonna end but personally, I'd choose Joe over this place. And here's why:Yes the Xiao Long Bao is great. I think the filling (for crabmeat and pork) is pretty much the same as Joe's, but the difference is the dough. I prefer Joe's because it's thinner and hence, chewier. But you'd probably like Nan Xiang if you like it thick and more bao-like. Yes the Beef Noodle Soup. The noodle itself is fresh and you can feel like it's really handmade. But they put a lot of jalapeno into the soup which I dislike very much so... One more thing, the side dish that I ordered, cucumber garlic salad, was so not fresh it was soggy. If you want this kind of beef noodle and side dish, I suggest going to Dunhuang Lanzhou Beef Noodle on 37th ave. Trust me you'll see. Of course, you can't beat the price here and plus it opens pretty late so I would still come back I guess.
Came to Flushing to get some XLB. Heard that Kung Fu had the best ones but I think they moved? Was not down to walk 1 hour so we ate at Nan Xiang instead. We ordered the classic and the crab XLB and they were just... okay. The wrapper was too thick for my liking and the flavours are okay. I don't know, can't think of anything else to say. Literally nothing stood out about those XLB.
Scallion pancakes and soup dumplings ... enough said! They are definitely worth getting, in fact, those are what I come to this place for anyway. This place is very popular for their soup dumplings, but I am sure they make other dishes too. For the soup dumplings, I would recommend the crab meat with pork (only $6). Obviously, its juicy and hot, so don't eat it whole. The scallion pancake is thin and crispy on the outside but chewy once you start eating it. Cucumber with garlic is a pretty refreshing dish as well. The service is fast, especially with the dumplings. The place is all cash, ​unfortunately. But again, its Chinatown so cash money all day eerday!
This place has really good food, and it's so inexpensive. I enjoy coming here because the place is spacious and like I said before the food is really good. I came here with a friend the other day and we got an order of their panfried "u-don" (it's not really udon it's more like lo mein), xia long bao, (pork soup dumplings), egg and chives steamed bun, and the scallion beef pancake. I didn't think that we would get so full from those four dishes that are usually seen as appetizers, but we were stuffed. Although, a little greasy the food was delicious and packed with flavor. Wait time is usually about 10 minutes or less depending on what you order, soup dumpling take a little longer though. The one thing I will say about this place is that their sign is not in English, so just giving you guys a heads up, this place is the giant restaurant on the corner with the red sign and a bunch of people outside of it. Also the wait staff is pretty friendly, but it can be a little challenging trying to get their attention because they're constantly moving back-and-forth between tables. But overall, I still really like this place and I will definitely continue to frequent here whenever I'm in Flushing.
they are truly the best at what they do. All the reviews and articles are right. You found the place. Just go. Worth the wait every time. I've tried all the soup dumplings flushing has to offer and nothing holds up to nan xiang! My biggest recommendation besides the dumplings would be the crispy pan fried noodles!! Super delicious!
Service is lacking here but I expected that. The food was disappointing. We had the beef noodle soup. Noodle was over cooked. Xiao long bao was huge. I wished it was smaller. It was hard to eat due to the size and the outer skin did not have the chewy texture I really prefer. The pan fried-dumpling was probably the worst. It was so doughy and also so big. I'm surprised at the strong reviews. The pictures look better than it tastes.
CASH ONLY!CONS: I came here to try the soup dumplings because, hey it's in their name and I've heard good things about it.  Turns out it was just ok.  The soup is thick with a lot of fat blobs.  Everything else was great!  Scallion pancakes with beef were really good along with the rice cakes and pork dish. The jellyfish was "diluted" with other things but it was relatively cheap for an appetizer.
I had one day left in New York and my friend suggested we make a Flushing trip for our lunch. He suggested we stick with the XLB here, so we went with an order of crab meat and one of the pork. These soup dumplings are massive and take some skill just to pick them up without breaking. While I expected much more out of the crab meat ones, the soup of the pork dumplings were delicious. Beware of the long lines, so plan accordingly.
This is the best place for xiao long bao which is soup dumplings or steamed pork buns in the US. I do prefer their steamed crab meat & pork buns more than their steamed pork buns. Their scallion pancake with sliced beef is also very crispy and flavorful as well. Their Pan friend pork buns were just okay, it's nothing special. We also got their rice cake with shredded pork and the flavor was good too, but nothing special. Overall it was still a good meal but can't compare with the soup dumplings in Taiwan.
A fairly basic place but very good. The shengjianbao is definitely one of the better ones I've had in NYC, which is not known for having good shengjianbao in general. The wrapping was crispy on the bottom and not overly thick or doughy, and the filling was fresh and soupy. The xiaolongbao was quite nice as well. The broth was good but not exceptional, and the meat was fresh.For soymilk you have have sweet and savory options. I went with the savory option, which is more like a tofu soup; not bad I would say.The fried rice cake was excellent. The rice cakes were browned just the right amount, and the vegetables and meat were quite fresh.We also had some cold dishes. The fried bean gluten was rich and oily but not overly so, with the right amount of seasoning. The cucumber with garlic was crisp and refreshing.
Tasty and inexpensive Shanghainese food. My friends and I came a bit earlier (around 6:15pm on a Saturday) and waited only a few minutes to be seated. By the time we were done an hour later, there was a long line of people waiting outside, so I'd definitely recommend coming earlier if possible.We ordered a variety of dishes:-Steamed Pork Xiao Long Bao - most popular item on the menu, these xlbs were full of hot soup and deliciously cooked pork! These were my fave.-Steamed Pork & Crab Xiao Long Bao - similar to the pork xlb with a subtle crab taste. Not too different in my opinion.-Handmade Steamed Dumplings - disappointed that these were pretty tasteless, definitely needed extra salt/vinegar on them.-Pan Fried Pork Buns - average pork buns with a thick and sweet skin.-Fried Bun with Chives & Eggs - pretty good, is it weird to call this something like a Chinese veggie empanada? -Shanghai Shao Mai - never had sticky rice in shao mai before! Definitely would order this again.-Cucumber & Garlic - simple but delicious cold appetizer.All in all a nice and cheap meal (~$40 for 4 people). Just note that it's a cash only restaurant.
Food here is awesome!!! I love the spicy cucumber cold appetizer and the spicy beef and tripe appetizer. I must get them every time I go. The soup dumplings are delicious and come out much quicker than at other soup dumpling restaurants. Also the crispy noodles are very tasty. Overall you can't go wrong with any dish. Everything is inexpensive and worth the price. Only downside is they only accept cash!!! And Expect a wait but they have expanded so more table space.
We were super excited to try this place after seeing the great reviews on yelp and all the pictures. Figured it would be a long wait as restaurant was packed and long line of people waiting outside, but only took 10 minutes, thankfully.Food was pretty good for the most part:The scallion pancake with beef- phenomenal. A must try and probably the only reason I would return. Fried dough - we each had a bite and didn't want more.Upon noodles with beef- noms. Would order again.Pork XLB- these took forever to get out and by that time, I was stuffed. They have good flavor but they are heavier than ones I have had anywhere else. Pork & crab XLB- so.much.crab. So worth it. Again I was stuffed by the time this came out...next time will order these first before everything else. I usually don't care for the crab soup dumplings because it tastes the same as regular, but here you can definitely  taste the difference. We won't order the regular pork ones next time. Service was atrocious. It took a good 10 minutes before we were served tea after we sat down. We asked for water THREE times (with different people) over maybe the course of 30 minutes as we were super patient and were told "wait a minute" in an annoyed tone each time. By the third time, I was just annoyed myself and said this is my third time asking and finally someone brought it. Unacceptable. The frustrating part is that we asked for a water and a coke at the same time and they brought out the coke immediately but took us half an hour and multiple inquiries to get the water.
The food menu is limited so I get pretty much the same thing I order everytime I go. The food and beer prices are very affortable. I always get pork soup dumpling, beef cripsy crepe, and either chicken or beef rice cake. Fried rice cake with chicken or beef is a bit on the oily side.  They have Tsing Tao, corona and Budweiser for beer selection. I would never drink their tea or water offered... not clean. Bring your water bottle please. Unless, you have no option.
CASH ONLY!!!!Service was surprisingly good for an Asian restaurant -- I'm not sure if this is the norm in New York, but in Houston, you only see your server once and you often have to flag them down to get water / check / etc. Sometimes, you may even have to do all of those yourself. Our water was constantly kept full and the server was very attentive and took our orders immediately. Now to the food...SCALLION PANCAKE WITH BEEF AND HOISIN SAUCE -- dude. I'm craving this SO badly right now, I may even be drooling. This was SO good!!!! It was so crispy and the beef super chewy and delicious. I would go back just for this.I also liked the rice pancakes, but my SO said he has had better -- this was my first time trying these, so I really had nothing else to compare it to.The xiao long bao was also very delicious!!!Overall, these were big portions for a very good price! The only "bad" thing is that they are Cash Only. However, the servers speak English and they are super attentive and the food is great. 5 stars! Can't wait to come back!
Delicious pork soup dumplings. Better than Din Tai Fung. Must try if you like soup dumplings.
This place is definitely overhyped. The soup dumplings are too thick and the staff is rude and unfriendly. The last time I ate here the staff kept staring at me and gave me dirty looks.
Wait wasn't bad.  Supposedly 10 minute wait.  They forgot about us and never called our number.  We mentioned it to them and they fixed it right away.  Service was ok.I liked the Crab/Pork Xiao Long Bao more than the Pork Xiao Long Bao.  My friends stated the Xiao long baos have less crab this time.  Spicy Beef with Tripe was good, cold, and tender.  The tripe was so tender that it fell apart when we bit into it. The spicy oil temporarily left our tongue numb.  The Pan Fried Dumplings were good.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, IMO. Been to a few around queens/city and must say their soup broth is amazing. - CASH ONLY!- can get packed on the weekends- cheap as hell, soup dumplings are about $6 I believe for the pork ones- Asides from their soup dumplings, I would recommend the scallion pancake (with beef or without), Shanghai Udon noodles, rice cakes, fried dumplings - beers are cheap, $3.50 for a TsingTao- food comes out relatively quick- on my recent visit noticed that they are open late on weekends (1 AM), might be new hours. I don't recall them being open that late previously
Best dumplings I have ever had!   Took two stars off because of the crowded feel of the tables and the place is really hard to find. Pro tip:  pork dumplings and scallion pancakes.   Also, parking is available in a lot hidden behind the church.  I believe it's a paid parking lot.
Limited menu, cash-only, but decent xiao long bao. Small disclaimer, I was born in China, but I consider myself a die-hard fan of the drier baozi filling in Beijing as opposed to the soupy goodness in Xiao Long Bao, however, I must yield when I eat authentic Chinese food.As the restaurant proudly displays, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is a Michelin recognized restaurant and their signature dish is the Xiao Long Bao. There are two major options, ones with crabmeat and one without. To be perfectly, perfectly, honest, they both taste the same, except one looks prettier with the golden sprinkles. As for the other dishes, we tried the fried tofu curd (which cost around $8-10, but honestly tasted no different from the ones in $2 cans), the fried dough, and the assortment of pig ears and tendons. Those pig ears and tendons were cut so thinly that we could see each other across the cartilagenous goodness, although, I'm more of a thicker cut kinda guy. The soymilk is true soymilk, not the silly commercially available ones in the store, this is the good stuff. We ended up ordering additional scallion pancakes, which took forever to arrive, and at the end, we kinda regretted it because it was definitely one of the greasiest items and was cooked with enough lard to make my cardiologist blush. At the end of the day, it's good xiao long bao, probably some of the better ones outside of Boston. I'd recommend it, and it's fun to watch to chefs make them in action! Parking however, is a big pain in the buttocks.
Really good soup dumplings, but not the best in flushing. The side dishes are all pretty good as well.  Shanghai stir fried noodles was great tasting but really greasy. But rude service, kinda dirty interior and tables makes me not want to go back. And cash only! Sure Michelin gave you a nod, but I think you need to step your game up a bit.
The steam soup buns are great and deserve a 4 Star, but the service is terrible. Long line on the weekend.
This is a cash only restaurant. Go figure since the restaurant's name isn't even in English. And like any Chinese restaurant, they immediately serve hot tea as you're seated. Needless to say, their soup dumplings and noodles are da bomb! I suppose there's a reason for the superbly high rating. The shanghai shao mai, which comes in 4 pieces, were pretty interesting. I don't recall having rice inside at other places I've been to. It was good, don't get me wrong.The steamed pork bun that comes with 6 was the best soup dumpling ever! The soup was just super good. I remember thinking to myself, "Man, this is really yummy." It's rare that I have these wowing moments when I take a bite out of something. Plus, the reviews on here rave about it as well.The dried noodle with beef & shredded pepper (under the noodle soup section--weird, I know) was seriously delicious! I'm a total noodle lover, and this was a-maz-ing! The significant other also agreed even though he tries to stay away from carbs. The ratio of noodles, sauce, meat, and veggies were just right. They didn't over do the oil base bc I've had similar dishes where it's just unbearably oily at the bottom. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is located in Chinatown btw.
The name is evocative of a casual eatery in Shanghai that is all but mediocre to the old of Shanghai, and appropriated here by a spot that is not totally Shanghainese, and surely not actually related to the original?We got sticky rice cakes with mustard green, scallion pancakes with beef filling, and vegetable dumplings.I didn't love the texture of the rice cakes and the excess of grease and the visible charred pieces of rice cake. That's not how you do it. But it was okay.Beef in scallion pancakes tasted like Peking duck sauce on bland scallion pancakes with some slices of beef and green onion. You're supposed to salt the pancakes too!!!Vegetarian dumplings seemed remotely relevant to Shanghai, reimagined as Chinese cuisine is hardly ever vegetarian. I appreciated that they were filled completely and purely with Shepherd's purse, a quintessential Shanghainese vegetable (or a weed is it?).Hot soy milk was good too but came in a plastic bowl with the Chinese print that is traditional on ceramic bowls. Ceramic bowls would be safer, both in terms of bpa leaching and the waiter accidentally spilling because bowl is too light.Service isn't too professional-no refills for tea, cash only and short change you by a few cents, probably makes a good amount of money doing this to every party, waitstaff bickering about how to split tips loudly in the eating area, and bowls and spoons aren't too clean.Don't get tap water here, it smells like the bathroom. Definitely get hot tea.Overall kind of whatever/mediocre but not sure where else in the vicinity of NYC to find this food so I'll be back-the food here is evocative of food I've had in the past and is just a shadow of what could be that just momentarily fills the void....
Visited this place yet again! Couldn't resist not passing up great soup dumplings in NY. We had some time to eat so my friend and I decided to eat some hot pork soup dumplings before we leave. Definitely delicious on cold days. Coming in a bit before lunch time it got crowded with a 10-25 minute wait depending on the size of your party. We had 6. we ordered about 5 rounds of soup dumplings, noodles, tripe, fried dough and 3 bowls of warm soy milk. Since it was crowded, they had forgotten our other 4 rounds of soup dumplings. Anyways, the star of the show were the soup dumplings. They come out steaming hot and juicy. There is no particular way of eating them, just as long as you don't lose the soup! There are silver tongs provided to lift them out. The only reason for 3 stars is because of the longer wait time than expected, our tea cups had some residue on the bottom and that our order was forgotten. We just asked for water cups/drank soy milk instead. My first visit didn't have these issues, however. It might be from the place being so crowded. It would have been 4 stars from my first visit.   Definitely try the fried dough dipped in their warm soy milk! The place is a bit small especially with it being on a busy weekend. When I went here a while back, we came in on a weekday and not around lunch time. It was nearly empty so we had no trouble. This place ONLY accepts cash, so please come prepared. Other than that, if you are in the area, try it out!
Definitely one of the best places for xiao long baos. The soup dumplings are made fresh when ordered so expect a 10-15 minute wait for the buns. I ate at other Shanghai places for xiao long baos but I keep coming back to this one, especially when I am in flushing. It's fresh and the soup in the buns are full of flavor. We ordered the pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake with sliced beef. The scallion pancake with sliced beef is a great appetizer, even though it came after the soup dumplings. It's a scallion pancake wrapped with a good amount of sliced beef with shreds of scallion and hoisin sauce. It's a mixture of sweet and savory and the sauce isn't too overwhelming. My boyfriend and I only come here for the soup dumplings. We had their Shanghai lo mein before but it wasn't that's good. Super oily and they do not give that much either. The place is old fashioned and we had dirty tea cups for a couple of times now, but they didn't mind when we asked to switch our cups. Service isn't the best but isn't horrible.
This is your authentic Chinese restaurant if you're looking for one. The entrance room looks really small and it's as if you can't fit a lot of people but they have two rooms off to the size to accommodate people. Service was average (pretty above average for a Chinese place honestly) Food came out pretty quickly and it was delicious. Portion sizes for the entrees were smaller than expected but the appetizers were larger than i expected. Overall I had a really good experience here!
Came here with a few friends as we really wanted some soup dumplings. The restaurant has a good amount of seating. As expected, another asian restaurant with not-so-great service. Took forever to get someone to refill out tea and get other items. Here are the items we got:- fried bun with chives: not bad, but nothing special- scallion pancake: was crispy and a good amount of scallions, not thick and not too oily- pan fried pork buns: wasn't a fan of this, the meat wasn't too tasty and buns were thick- braised beef noodle soup: this soup was very odd tasting, not your normal beef noodle soup. The noodles were okay, though.- soy milk: I enjoyed this!- pork XLB: the xlb are so large here, the soup is pretty good inside of them but the skin is a bit thick for my taste. The meat inside is okay.- crab meat and pork XLB: this xlb tasted funny to me, I did not enjoy the added crab meat.Overall, food here is not bad, I would come if I was really craving for this.
Pretty easy to get to from the 7 subway once you get to the Main St stop. On a Saturday morning, walked in and got a table pretty quickly.  Got the traditional black tea which treated my throat well on brisk morning.  Decided on Shanghai Pan-Fried U don noodles and one of the crispy dough breads.  I was extremely satisfied with the price of food and what I got out of it.  The U-Don noodles were cooked to what felt like perfection and I loved the sautéed veggies.  If you have ever had Fried Dough, its a Middle Eastern dessert/breakfast food where you will make dough which gets stretched out, fried and coated in sugar.  The dough tasted similar to these, just without the sugar which I think would've been a great addition because I just ate oily bread. I mean it was still good bread but it would have added another element of flavor to it.  Service: They treated me exactly what I expected of them. I thought they would seat me(check), bring me my food out in a timely manner(check) and refill my tea/water if I asked them(check). I have been to other Asian restaurants and they are not typically known for the greatest service but if you have the expectations that I have, you will be happy with it.Overall: Great U-don noodles if I am ever in Flushing again for what feels like an appropriate price.
At lunch time this place gets packed, even during the week. Tables near the door are crowded by people waiting for a seat. The soup dumplings are amazing- I'm rarely impressed by crab xiaolongbao, but these were delicious, as were the pork. Definitely my go to place in flushing for xiaolongbao.
Finally got to try this spot! Everyone talks about the infamous soup dumplings... well at least one person did.We had the beef scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, and fried dumplings. The beef scallion pancakes were A1, I could've easily ate two orders alone. The fried dumplings were so crispy and full of meat. Honestly the soup dumplings were mediocre, I think my expectations were too high, still good though.Overall, great food, chill spot, and affordable prices.
I know, these are supposed to be the best soup dumplings in the area, but I've come twice already and still find them to be just okay. I love me a good soup dumpling and these are good, but they aren't the best. Regardless, if you're looking to get your fix, this place will definitely do the trick. No frills type of place - expect to share a community table if you're a small party and coming in for dinner. But they're super quick with the orders and everyone is there just to eat and go. Your typical Flushing restaurant - not the cleanest place, but a good bang for your buck.
I love the authentic food at this place. And I don't use that word often. Their soup dumplings, pancakes and cucumber salads are delicious. Gets crowded over the weekends.
Best Dumplings I've ever had, it's always my go to spot for a quick lunch or dinner. Prices are great they have a great assortment of soups and noodles too.
I went to this restaurant out of convenience; it was right next to my hotel in Flushing. Thankfully, this restaurant is also pretty late, even when nearby stores closed. The food here is pretty average, and their menu is rather limited for a Chinese restaurant. However, they prepare the food extremely quickly; your entire table's order will literally come out within ten minutes. Moreover, it is decently priced and not too expensive! The food would be more enjoyable if it wasn't too ready; we ordered a noodle dish and could literally see the oil dripping down the noodles. Other than that, the staff were very attentive and we were in and out of the restaurant within an hour!
Out of all the xiaolongbaos I've eaten, these were the best. Filled with broth and pork covered by a thick coat of skin, these xiaolongbaos filled me up. If you go Flushing, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is the place to go!
Stopped by with my friend around noon Wednesday for some dimsum and overall I was not disappointed. Seating was prompt and menu was simple. Waiter couldn't quite speak English so he couldn't answer us when I asked whether they have any vegetable dish of the day (Chinese people usually ask and restaurants can usually make something up). We ended up just going with the soy peas, cabbage, and shredded bean curd dish, along with pork & crab XLB, and seafood crispy noodle. XLB (3/5) - Not bad. Thin skin and good, hot broth that was not overly greasy. But it was not spectacular like some other joints like having incredibly sweet and savory crab meat or having extremely thin skin. Soy peas and bean curd dish (4/5) - Strangely addictive. It's just mild and savory but was a great compliment to the soup dumpling.Seafood crispy noodle (5/5) - This one actually stole the show. It was perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of thickness in the soup, with lively seafood ingredients that weren't rubbery and limp, on top of fresh crispy noodles. I think we licked the plate clean and could've had another round if not for our self-control. And as with any NY area Chinese restaurant, I also rate cleanliness of bathrooms for you guys and, it was surprisingly clean in the men's. Check came pretty quickly and there was no nasty attitude given for chatting up and having a leisurely lunch. I would likely explore other dimsum places around here for sure, but would stop by again if I can't find any other places of interest.
Absolutely one of my favorite spots for soup dumplings! Nan Xiang is known for their soup dumplings and rightfully so. I try to make the effort to come here every time I'm in Flushing because the food is so good and the price can't be beat. If you come in the early morning, there is no wait but if you come during the lunch time,  there is quite a bit of a wait. They have so much selection but I always find myself ordering the pork soup dumplings (even if it's early AM.. because really,  I can eat these any time of the day), soy milk and beef scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings are prepared and cooked to perfection. You can see the ladies preparing them on the side and behind the front desk. The meat in the soup dumpling is flavorful, tender and juicy. The skin is just the perfect texture - not too thin, not too thick and they don't break easily like other restaurants. I've enjoyed everything I've tried and haven't had a bad experience with the service at all. The staff is efficient in getting your food at a reasonable time. FYI cash only.
My go to place for soup dumplings in flushing! Its tasty, filling and affordable, what more could you ask for? (CASH ONLY BTW). They have been consistent throughout the years, but my most recent visit sent me running to the hills (or in my case, the restroom). Our group of six arrived on a weekday and we were seated immediately, which is great because there's usually a bit of a wait. We all ordered pork soup dumplings ($5.95), an order of pan fried dumplings ($6.50), pan fried udon ($6.95), and the popular scallion pancake with beef ($4.95). The soup dumplings were great. The first bite when you break into the soup dumpling and sip on the soup is phenomenal. The skin isn't too thick, broth and pork was so flavorful. I always pour some vinegar on the top of the dumpling, and it just ties everything together so perfectly. The scallion pancake with beef is definitely an appetizer to share with another person. It's scallion pancake wrapped around beef with the sweet sauce they use in the Peking duck buns, with pieces of scallions. It's very crispy and tasty but it's a little on the salty/oily side, so it does turn some people off. My only complaint for this visit was the pan fried udon noodles. The noodles were cold and rubbery when it arrived to the table. The sauce was already clumping together. On top of that, we found a strand of hair on the top while transferring the noodles to our plates. We decided to ignore that because mistakes happen. A minute later, we see two more strands of long hair which is just disgusting. We called the waiters over and informed them of the hairs in the noodles. The waiter was unapologetic and just asked us in a very monotone voice if we wanted another one. When we responded yes, he just lifted the dish from the table and walked away without saying anything. Another waiter dropped off the new pan fried udon noodles a couple minutes later. I would love to return but please wear hairnets to prevent this from happening again to us or other customers.
I've come to this restaurant a couple of times now and every time it's been completely crowded and we always have to wait for a seat. The most recent time I came was on a Saturday afternoon around 3 PM. Due to the time I wasn't expecting a completely full restaurant but I was wrong. I came in with a group of 10 and we waited around 20-30 minutes outside for our table which wasn't too bad. When we went in the server came out to get our food order quickly and delivered it right away. Service itself was expected for a busy Chinese restaurant in Flushing. So it was just ok. We ordered a big array of food to share with the table We got fried bean gluten, spicy beef and tripe, rice cakes, fried noodles, pork and cabbage dumplings, scallion pancake and scallion pancake with beef. We also got hot sweet soy milk to share. FRIED BEAN GLUTEN: I love the taste of kao fu and am always happy to have some but the flavor is hard to always get right. However, this dish was great and we even got an extra order of it for the table! SPICY BEEF AND TRIPE: Really good as well. Flavor really helped to compliment the meat and tripe. RICE CAKES: I'm usually not a big fan of rice cakes but this one was well cooked and the mixture of the veggies with it was good as well! FRIED NOODLES: the fried noodles were yummy, the veggies in the dish were well cooked and really complemented the dish. DUMPLINGS : the dumplings were just ok nothing about it really stood out. SCALLION PANCAKE: great scallion pancake! SCALLION PANCAKE WITH BEEF: was disappointed with this one. The beef flavor was just ok, not really the best. A bit too sweet from what I was expecting. The restaurant itself was also not the cleanest but the food for the most part (apart from a couple dishes ) were delicious and well worth the journey in from the city!
After trying this and Joe's Shanghai back to back, I can confidently say this one is better.WAIT: Came a few times, both with waits about 20-30 minutes.  It looks long but if you have 2 people, it's never too long because the tables turn fast.  You might want to stick around for them to call your number because it moves so quickly.ATMOSPHERE: Typical Chinese restaurant, nothing fancy, wooden tables and chairs all crammed into the restaurant.  There are 2 sides of the restaurant plus a back area so they can actually fit a good amount of people.  I believe it is cash only so beware of that.FOOD: Obviously people come here for the XLB.  My other favorite dish is the rice cake with pork and preserved vegetable.  XLB - what makes these XLB great are the skins.  They are delicate, soft, slightly chewy and thicker than the ones at other places like Joe's Shanghai.  They are on the "smaller" side but I think that's what helps keep the skin in tact and not break and also gives it that great flavor.  There is not quite as much juice as Joe's and it's probably a little less oily and intense, but still good.  The pork are great, have good flavor and are tasty.RICE CAKE WITH PRESERVED VEGETABLE AND PORK - not sure what it's called in English exactly but it's pictured on the menu.  I'm used to the ones from other Shanghainese restaurants with a brown like gravy but this one actually has no sauce.  Rice cakes are oval shaped thin rice "noodles" or "patties" that are also known as "dduk" in Korean.  They are chewy and tasty and my favorite.  This dish isn't overwhelming with sauce and is cooked simply with the pork and preserved vegetable, which resembles a type of mustard.  It's green and slightly salty/sauteed.  Kind of like sautéed pea sprouts.  Very good and tasty, my favorite dish to get when we go.Other than that, the green onion pancakes are good and I've seen people get the chasew-bao type buns that are lightly pan fried at the bottom.Overall, I would definitely recommend coming here when in Flushing.
Recommend if you're in the area for a filling meal at a decent price!The most memorable parts of our meal were the chive & egg pancakes and soup dumplings. And if I had to choose between the two, I'd pick the chive & egg pancakes! It was crispy, but didn't feel too oily. Sorta like an empanada stuffed with veggies & some egg and vermicelli.Waiter was slow to take away our finished dishes and didn't refill our tea (maybe once at the beginning and that was it). It was also hard to flag her down at the end of our meal to get the check. Also, since we sat near the back kitchen, we saw them microwaving something inside a ceramic bowl - a soup? and then serving it to the next table over... so I don't recommend ordering that if you are skeeved out by microwave use in a restaurant.Overall, we had a decent meal and the price made it a good deal. Cash only!
I think this was one of the best meal we had in the east coast! Went here with my cousins and husband for dinner. Thankfully it wasn't busy at all so we were seated right away. We ordered some XLB..omg..it was soooo friggenn soupyyyyy and yummy! The soupiest XLB i've ever had..lol Hands down it beats DTF dumplings. We also got the pancakes which was OK...Parking can be hard to find..but we got lucky with street parking. cash only.
The Nanxiang soup dumplings are always amazing. I love the soup and the texture of meat.
Some people say Nan Xiang is overrated but for price, consistency, and convenience, this is one of the better places for xiaolongbao and chinese snacks. Recommend the xiaolongbao (both signature and with crab), the beef scallion pancake, the spicy beef and tripe, and the rice cake with shredded pork. Skip the soup noodles in general - there are much better places in Flushing if that's what your craving (go to the food courts).There's often a line but it moves quickly. Service is not amazing (you definitely have to be assertive to get the servers' attention).
I stand by my words when I say that the XLBs here are some of the best I've had. If anything, they are definitely worth the trek out to Flushing because they are way cheaper and way better than the ones you find in Manhattan.Our party of two arrived around 11 and were seated immediately (this was not the case for parties that arrived around the time we were leaving - around 12PM). We ordered one basket of soup dumplings and a bowl of beef noodle soup. They were already sold out of the brisket, so we ended up getting the spicy beef noodle soup sans chili oil.  The soup dumplings really held up their shape, and none of them ripped as we transferred them to our spoons. They were also full of delicious broth that wasn't too gelatinous or too watered down. They did take a while longer than most other items to prepare. I noticed that tables that only ordered dumplings had to wait a long time before they arrived. Thankfully, we were able to get a start on our noodle soup as we waited for the dumplings. We really enjoyed the chewiness of the noodles and the heartiness of the beef broth. It was definitely a good choice for what started out as a chilly morning! For $15, we had a very satisfying meal for two!Personally, I didn't have an issue with the attitude of the servers. If the food is good and service is efficient, I am sold!
My favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Queens. I usually order the xiao long baos ( both the crab and regular one). Last night I tried the beef scallion pancake and it was amazing! The pancake was crispy, the beef was tender and they used hoisin sauce which made it sweet. I love their warm soy milk. Some people prefer cold soy milk but it taste much better when it's warm.
One of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in flushing. The crab/ pork soup dumplings are amazing and I keep coming back for more. I also highly recommend the savory bean curd, the fried noodles as well as the scallion pancakes.
The table of four next to us stiffed their servers. "No tip," the customers said, "because we had to ask for water, and we didn't have spoons." Are you kidding me, cheap-o tourists? Do you understand what was just given to you? You just got a group meal of some of the best xiao long baos in NYC for under $40 and now you don't want to tip? That's like someone giving you a pirate's treasure chest full of gold and you're mad because they didn't smile. The servers put diamonds on your plate and served them to you at $6.50 a pop. And you're mad you didn't get spoons? Eat those diamonds with your hands, you sillies. Also, just think about it, these servers bring these hot and steamy trays of delicious pork soup dumplings to your table without burning themselves or you in the process. And a 10% tip is just $0.65 per tray. That's the least you could do. I mean, I always tip at least 20% because I'm classy like that. At joints like this, the food is so cheap, it's another $4 to make it 20%; the servers are working for pennies here. Nan Xiang is my favorite place to get pork dumplings in NYC. There, I said it. Nowhere in Manhattan can you get this quality of dumplings for the price. The delicate, perfectly balanced noodle skins wrap the juicy pork that is just loaded with savory soup. (No, they're not as good as Din Tai Fung, but they are not far off). The green onion pancake is just okay--a little too deep fried for my taste. It's better with the beef in it, because it balances out the fried crispy texture. The garlic cucumbers are good and refreshing. The pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup was good, but probably needed more pork and less cabbage. Broth and noodles were nice though. The beef noodle soup and the soy milk are all just okay. Nothing spectacular, but can definitely satisfy a craving. Skip: jellyfish (mostly has other veggies to compensate for not having enough jellyfish).So, just to recap: Don't expect good service. Don't expect them to bring bowls with your soup. But, expect soup dumplings that warm your heart (and are pretty easy on your wallet!)
Been here two times and both times loved it!As my first and most recent soup dumpling experience, I know and see why this place has over 2k reviews! Usually there can be a wait during regular meal times, but the location is so big that it's very fast and you don't have to wait long. Food: 5Always always always perfect and delicious and fresh. The The size of the dumplings are great, adn the pancakes are also very big and stuffed! I love this place because of the food. That's it. come here from xiao long baos and you won't be disappointed.Service: 4Can't always be great because the servers are running around everywhere, but they are very quick and good at their job. Wouldn't hurt to come around a bit more often with those water pitchers though.Ambiance: 5It's your typical asian restaurant. It'll be chaos and food-smelling all the time. Be thankful you have a seat and some food to eat.
Big fan of this place! Time and time again, Nan Xiang is not only the best soup dumpling restaurant of the five boroughs, but they are always consistent with their food. Big caveat: the wait times can be awful. For about three people - this is my usual order: 2 orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings, beef tripe, soy milk, scallion pancakes, and some noodle dish (ie the crispy noodles). The crab and pork dumplings are their specialty - you can't go wrong with them. The soy milk is my favorite drink here. It's served warm in a bowl, and slightly sweet. Wish they sold this at grocery stores in Manhattan. The beef tripe is my favorite dish at Nan Xiang. There are other places in Flushing and Chinatown where they do beef tripe, but it's never the same as Nan Xiang. Their seasoning for it is absolutely delicious. This is a must try! All of this would be about 35-40 dollars (for three people, it's just slightly north of $10 per person). The only downfall for this place is the wait times and that prices are rising since it's becoming so popular. A lot of people on Yelp complain about Nan Xiang for their service, but it's an authentic Chinese spot. Their service is never going to be good. Accept that. Judge this place (and most authentic foreign places) on their food, not their service.
I LOVE this place for soup dumplings and more! The food is delicious and the price is reasonable! Every time I come here, the food is consistently good. I always come here when my friends or family come into town. Just a heads up, the place is cash only, like many places in flushing.
Came for the famous soup dumplings which were very juicy and the skin was thin. Noddle dishes were about average.
Cash only establishment...Lines outside the front door. However, took us at most 10min wait. Line moves very fast.This place several tons of delicious food. Their soup dumplings are made fresh by a team of chefs. Once you get seated, you are given delicious hot tea. We had their soup dumplings. It took a while for it to come out as they were made fresh. The broth is very delicious and fatty. They also have pan fried soup dumplings. Those are very hardy and takes time to finish.We also ordered the soymilk, rice cakes and tofu skin. All dishes were good. They also serve beef tendons, bamboo shoots, and pig ears. All those dishes are great.For 7 dishes, it cost us less than $30. Not too bad. Overall, I will come back here again. Will probably try their beef dishes and noodle so
This is the best place to get soup dumplings hands down. The soup is the best in town!
Surprised to find out that this is a 1 Star Michelin restaurant! Decided to go here and recover after a night of debauchery. I'm convinced there is nothing better than eating soup dumplings/Asian foods on a rainy day.Place is cash only so come prepared. We came at an off peak hour so the service was lighting fast. The waiters aren't exactly the friendliest, but I think this curt service is pretty standard and expected in Chinatown and Flushing. Food is really cheap and allows for your party to order "family style" without breaking the bank. Menu is not large but has just enough to satisfy all your cravings. We opted for the soup dumplings, bean curd gluten, udon noodles, and soy milk with the toasted bread. I'm not a huge soup dumpling person in general so I didn't really care but my friends absolutely loved it. I really enjoyed the bean curd and udon. I would definitely love to come back and try some of their other dishes as it was already sold out by the time we came.
No doubt the best soup dumplings in New York! I only discovered nan Xiang a few years ago, but omg this place is amazing, and totally deserving to be on the Michelin guide.The soup dumplings here are perfection. The skin is the perfect thickness - not too thick that it tastes doughy, but not too thin that it breaks the moment you pick it up. The filling inside is so juicy and flavorful, and there is so much soup inside! I always get the crab and pork soup dumplings - I think it has that extra flavor which makes it better than the pork alone. Other soup dumplings places seem to either mess up the wrapper, the soup, or the filling, but Nan Xiang has perfected every single element of their soup dumplings.The other items on their menu are quite good as well. I'm a big fan of the shanghai fried udon. I normally wouldn't order this dish, but my friend got it once and I am now converted. It is a bit oily, but it is not overwhelmingly flavorful or saucy. Even better are the cold appetizers; my favorite is the fried bean curd. I can't really describe what it is, but you totally have to try it out. The tripe and pig ears are good also, but not too different from other places.I am not crazy about the scallion pancakes that everyone else seems to love. It just tastes like an oily mess in my opinion, but the vinegar helps to cut through that.I usually come at weird hours so I rarely have to wait - the only time I waited was during a weekend for lunch which is totally understandable. Service is prompt, and this is cash only so make sure you have some bills on you.
The food here taste delicious, but I wouldn't recommend coming here in big groups or on the weekends. It gets super crazy on the weekends with the line out the door. If you want to try it, come here in the afternoon. Although, the afternoon doesn't taste as good as the mornings.Pork Soup Dumpling 6 ($6.50):I loveee the soup dumplings here. I think out of all the dim sum places, the soup dumpling is spectacular.Pan Fried Dumpling 6 ($6.50): This was not that worth it. I think if you went to a 4 for $1 place, it would be so much better.Spicy Beef & Tripe ($8.95): It was seasoned and done right. Definitely have to try it if you come here. Scallion Pancake w. Sliced Beef ($4.95): I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS! The pancake was hot, crispy and savory!! All in one. The beef almost taste like the peking duck bao. Iced Soy Milk: not to sweet and very cute. They sell a lot of this and they have cute prints on the lid.Don't expect to really get that great of a service at any asian restaurant. THEY ARE CASH ONLY! When your in any of the three Chinatown, always remember to bring cash. More than likely, they will not take card.
After coming here, I now know why this place is very popular. The wait is pretty long especially during the weekend. You can see waiters and waitresses rushing back and forth with sweat on their brows while attending the customers.Their food is amazing, so fresh and so delicious. From dim sum to regular meal dishes, the quality of their food is superb!  Their prices are very reasonable for their quality. Definitely come try this place out. But if you come during weekends, expect the shop to be overly crowded, loud with hectic waiters and waitresses running around.
My friend recommended this place. Wait was upward of 25-30min for a Saturday lunch. Reminded me slightly of Din Tai Fung, except dishes were saltier than desired. Make sure to order the Xiao Long Bao (duh!) and scallion pancake with beef - both were exceptionally delicious and the highlights of our meal. The scallion pancake, albeit slightly greasier than desired, was crispy, and the meat was tender and greatly enhanced the dish by providing a textural gradient. The XLB was fresh (the ladies in the front of the store can be seen making it) and the broth was sweet and savory. Mmmmmm! We also ordered a lomein, soybean milk soup with fried dough, and this other fried dough dish wrapped in rice (frankly this last dish reminded me of a sex toy); all these dishes were quite standard/mundane, saltier than I desired, and left me chugging tea non-stop. The total? Quite affordable; worked out to be approximately $30-40 for 3 people. Overall, would definitely recommend coming to this place to check out the fresh XLB and scallion pancake; I can't say the same for the other dishes. Glad I stopped by, and would probably return for the two dishes mentioned!
Great food, not to be missed. Soup dumplings are top notch, scallion pancakes are lightly fried and delicious and the cucumber/ garlic/ cilantro salad is terrific too (but, not if on a date!). Had another type of dumpling also, very good. Worth the wait (most times you'll wait to get a seat).
Nan Xiang has a small and simple menu, but are good at what they make. It's been been around for a long time and due to the overwhelming business, they've expanded to three rooms (they'll start closing down the third room when it is nearing closing time). The line can get pretty long during peak hours since it is a touristy spot, but it should move rather quickly. When you arrive, you'll be given a number (most people choose to wait outside).My favorites are:- pork soup dumplings- beef scallion pancake- fried dumplings- kao fu (from cold appetizers)- jellyfish (from cold appetizers)These two dishes are good as well, but I order it moderately because it can be a bit too oily for me:- fried ricecakes- seafood crispy noodlePrices are pretty affordable! There is a public parking lot across the street, but it gets extremely crowded. If you drive then you're better off parking at Skyview Mall a couple blocks away for $3  for 3 hours with incremental increases.
Delish XLB in Flushing!!  The XLB were big and filled with soup.  We tried the pork XLB, pork and crab XLB, pan fried pork buns, ans Shanghai Shao Mai.  Definitely get the XLB.  Would skip the Shanghai Shao Mai (they were basically sticky rice wrapped in the dumpling wrapper, instead of the traditional leaf).  Service was slow/non-existent, though.  Expect to flag them down for everything.
Probably the best XLB I've ever had in NYC. Way better than restaurants in Chinatown Manhattan but idk how it compares to others in Flushing though. The sticky rice shu mai, garlic cucumber and boiled chicken were also tasty!! I'd come back the next time I'm in Flushing.
I always stop by here when I'm visiting Flushing!Def order the soup dumplings. They do it right, and at an affordable price. There's not been a long wait each time I've come. I'd also suggest the big chive fried dumping.I would not suggest to get the savory (salty) soybean milk. It's just sweet soybean milk with added salt. I would love to have had it with the small dried shrimp, or green onions, or pickled veggies, or pork rinds, or sesame oil... any of those..but it was just plain with salt.Still a hit! I'd def suggest giving this place a visit!
This is probably the best XLB I've had so far. I can't decide if I like the pork or the one with crab--both so good. They come out so, so hot! I don't know how they get so much soup in there. The soup is wonderfully rich, like Joe's USED to be. You can probably get at least three spoonfuls so you'll need to take a bite off the top and pour the soup slowly into the spoon. The skin is thick enough so it doesn't break but not too thick. I also like the bean curd soy bean cold appetizer and the scallion pancake. This will definitely be my go-to place when in NYC.
The lost star was mostly from the subpar service. The Food: so of course we usually order soup dumplings when we go here. Compared to a few other places I have tried soup dumplings at I liked this place better (however I am still exploring and trying to find the perfect soup dumpling place). I personally like the slices of ginger that come on the side, which I think adds some flavor to a somewhat bland dish. Would recommend putting the dumpling on the spoon to catch the soup that bursts out when you bite into it. Besides the soup dumplings I've tried a few of their cold dishes like the spicy beef tendon, spicy beef and tripe and the sliced pig ears with spicy sauce. Nothing mind blowing here.Atmosphere: no special decorations, just  typical Chinatown decor that looks somewhat like a cafeteria. Service: well...they forgot my friend's order altogether so that's not so good. We got tired of waiting for that dish and left.
Loved this place, the soup dumplings were phenomenal!! I would take the trip from Jersey just for this, the sweet sticky rice, and the thin fried noodles. The service could be better, but the food speaks for itself. You can tell there's love going into those delicious dumplings.
Truth be told, I'm not a big fan of Chinese food.  It's ironic since I'm Chinese American.  My girlfriend decided where to eat that night and she chose the popular "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao". It may be a popular restaurant to get great dimsum dishes but it was a little too oily for my tastes.  I ordered:1. Vegetable noodle soup, 2.  Pork Xiao Long Bao3. Beef scallion pancakes4. Shanghai pan fried noodles5. Sticky rice mushroom shumai.  I thoroughly enjoyed the vegetable noodle soup the most.  Even despite not having having any meats in there, it still became my favorite dish there.  It didn't need much else since the broth had great flavor already.  It was also not very oily which was a huge plus.  The pork Xiao Long Baos were delicious as always.  You really can't go wrong with that one.  The beef scallion pancakes was pretty good.  It was thinly sliced beef with drizzled hoisin oyster sauce wrapped within a scallion pancakes.  The Shanghai pan fried noodles was decent with shredded pork, Chinese veggies, and thick noodles.  Unfortunately, it was a little oily for my preferences. My least favorite and most disappointed dish had to be the sticky rice mushroom shumai.  Whenever I was young, I'd become ecstatic when I'd get to try this dish that I had no idea what it was called.  It was so good that I'd buy these from Chinese supermarkets and make it myself in my kitchen.  It would taste great when I would steam it and eat it.  Unfortunately for Nan Xiang, it was the most dry tasting shumai I have ever tasted.  A huge disappointment since I edified it to my girlfriend as something that I loved to eat.
Heard this place was a tourist trap, but my friend and I wanted to check it out anyway. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, cucumber with garlic, and scallion pancakes with beef. Honestly, they were all pretty decent and had good flavor; also hot and freshly made. Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because I've had better of the same at other Shanghai-nese restaurants. Basically a bit more crispiness, a bit more complexity in flavor, and a bit of improvement in presentation would have been a 5 star.Tourist trap? Maybe, but still decent.
I was in New York for work, and someone from the office recommended me to come to this place. I never carry cash on me and when I first got to the restaurant there were signs posted everywhere saying "cash only" I wanted to try the food so bad that I immediately went on a hunt for an ATM. 20 dollars can go a long way here! I ended up getting 4 different orders and they were all amazing! Be careful everything comes out blazing hot and you may want to dig in right away, but you will burn your mouth off!
We tried a bunch of dishes here: Spicy beef noodle (this could have been spicier) dumplings, buns, sesame pancake. Everything was really good and service was great as well. Will be back next time were in the big apple.
My favorite place EVER to get soup dumplings. I have tried many different soup buns from many different places and there is NOWHERE that is as good or affordable as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. The place can get busy and is pretty much a no frills type of restaurant but I don't come here for any of that, I come here for the best soup buns! And the scallion pancakes too
My friends and I visited Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing after exploring NYC all day, and had a great experience. The interior is warm and well-lit, with ample seating and a bustling staff. Two of my friends had been here before, and suggested we order scallion pancakes for appetizers and the crispy dough (my girlfriend and I didn't want to fill-up before visiting a dessert place). Our waitress was polite, if a bit rushed, and quickly put in our orders. The scallion pancakes came out first, and they were delicious (the perfect mix of flaky and savory). The crispy dough quickly followed afterward, and tasted like a thicker version of classic funnel cake. What really impressed me was how inexpensive everything was; we barely paid $10 for so much quality food! That being said, be aware that this place is cash-only; make sure to snag some bills before dining. Overall, I highly recommend visiting this restaurant for a group dinner, since its food quality, convenience and pricing are impressive!
This is not the place for atmosphere or service, but after my first service I'm certain to return to check out the various dumplings and noodles. The pork and vegetable wonton in spicy sauce and peanut sauce was predictably top-notch, but the bigger revelation was the shockingly good fried bun with chive and egg. I didn't expect this much flavor or juiciness from such a simple-sounding inexpensive item.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has always been my favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing, located on Prince Street next to many restaurants. The space is average size, and always busy so expect to wait for a table. Fear not, the wait will be worth it! Shanghai is known for their Xiao Long Bao, which is soup dumplings, here are my must have: Crab/Pork Meat Xiao Long Bao & Pork Xiao Long Bao and Pan Fried Udon With Beef. Love it! Also most people recommend the Scallion Pancake!In terms of service, it is average could be better. It is always busy and everything is a rush for them therefore, just waving down a waiter will take some time. I love the Xiao Long Bao here better than Joe's Shanghai, therefore this will always be my go to spot whenever I am in the mood.
Where do I even start. The service was fantastic. Very kind staff, yes they know English, and very informative. Prices are very good. And for the star of the show, the food. This has to be one of the best Shanghainese style restaurants I've been to in a very long while. The food is so good. Had the soup dumplings and they are out of this world. Also had the Shanghai Shu Mai(forgive me if I spelled it wrong) and other dishes as well. I had 0 complaints for the food. The complementary tea is also very delishes. I have eaten at many places in flushing and this one by far is my favorite. Yes most of the time you may need to wait, but the wait is fairly quick and highly worth it. I will be coming back.
Great thing I have to say from this place. My mother is very picky when it comes restaurants with asian dishes. She was 1000% happy with the customer service and food.
Really good stuffed scallion pancakes and XLB.  The wait wasn't even that bad, and it wasn't packed to the brim.  Good soy milk and crullers/you tiao.Worth a visit or three!
I was extremely disapointed, for starters, CASH ONLY, and no sign at the door for that, in fact they have a sign that lead you to believe tgat they in fact take cards. Now i had to run to the bank and get cash, when i came back it was almost like my waitress forgot i was there. So i waited a long time and i had already ordered before leaving to get the cash. The food came, i got the crab and pork soup dumpling and the scalion pancakes.Lets break it down, Scalion pancake, very good, however for the wrong reason. It is delicious because it is so deep fried that yoi can taste the oil and see it.Crab pork and soup dumpling, save the fact that i just realized that i do not know how to eat a soup dumpling ( just learned the hard way) the 6 dumplings presented to me were 5 pork and 1 crab and i was very upset at that, if im paying an extra dollar for the crab, holy wow that is ONE expensive SOUP dumpling. Also it was so hot that it burned me and nobody warned me of that. The service was meh, i was left alone for unescessary amounts of time, when i needed things i needed to flag someone. SO, in my opinion, the food is not everything, it tasted good, yes, but to me for the wrong reasons, i think that this place has good potential. However i think what is killing them at this moment if the floor, if the staff was a little more engaged and the food a but more on point theu can have something awesome here. Dont get fooled but whatever you read, the experience you will have may let you down big time. So if you come here have very realistic expectations.
Historical restaurant in Flushing. Their soup dumplings are bomb. I was born and raised in Flushing, and their taste stays the same since when I was little.
This place was a little disappointing. I tried them the other night expecting some really great dumplings based on these reviews. Someone told me they were better than " Joes shanghai" they were very wrong.. in my opinion at least. I love Joe's but i was tempted to try these and compare the two. Hands down, no comparison. They were in its own category. Don't get me wrong i enjoyed them but i kept wanting them to taste like Joe's and they fell short.. if you want to try this place don't go to Joes first because  then you will be as disappointed as i was. Scallion pancake with beef was really good though.
10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND. Pros: GREAT prices, generous portions, great flavors, plenty of seating, fast service Cons: literally none I came here around 3pm on a Saturday and it was still packed which definitely says how popular this place is! Our group of ~10 was seated within 10 minutes and the food came out less than 10 minutes after we ordered. We had the juicy pork buns, rice cakes, and a bunch of other dishes and the bill came out to be $100 flat for the 10 of us and we were all decently full. Will definitely be back if I'm ever in flushing!
Hands down the best scallion pancakes and soup dumplings I've ever had. The scallion pancakes are chewy in the middle but have a perfect flaky exterior, the flavor is so simple but so good! The soup in the soup dumpling is amazing and then the dough itself is perfect. Truly amazing! I also highly recommend the lo mien, the noodles are so fresh. I already want to go back!! It be a must stop every time I go to New York from now on.
We have been visiting this place for many years but yesterday in my take out order my chives pastry had a piece of rubber band in it. Disgusted and disappointed we will not be going back.
How have I not reviewed this place yet?Honestly, my go-to XLB place. It's probably one of the best places in NYC for XLB, if not the best. Food is always consistent. My favorite things to get here are the crab & pork XLB, fried bean gluten and the scallion beef pancakes. It's probably the only things I get from here. I've tried the other things like rice cakes, noodles, etc but those are just mediocre at best. The prices here have raised significantly over the past few years which I am sad about. This use to be the cheap good eats but now it's not so cheap. The prices keep rising :( Why is it that a fried bean gluten is only a couple cents away from an order of XLB? Ridiciulous! Also, CASH ONLY! Don't expect the service here to be good. You get your order and that's it. The staff doesn't care about your feelings like most chinese places. I remember the first time I came here, the staff forgot about our food and we waited an hour before they "remembered" that we were there....I would understand if it was busy but we were one of the only customers there. No apology, nothing. Over time i've learned to just deal with the horrible service since the food is that good.
My friend recommended this restaurant and I glad I was able to try it out! I was told this place gets pretty busy and that you will have to wait in a long line, so my friends and I purposely went in later at around 8:30pm and got seated right away! We ordered the beef scallion roll, the pork soup dumpling, the crab soup dumpling, the shanghainese udon, and the beef noodle soup dish. I've been to din tai fung on several occasions, so I had super high expectations for the xiao long bao's here. Everything was made super fresh as you can see them make it in front of you. I highly recommend this restaurant if you're craving for some good authentic Chinese food in Flushing!!
The average wait is 30 to 60 minutes during weekend. The food are very tasty and affordable. The steamed crab meat & pork buns is a must-order dish. The dough is very thin but magically able to hold the soup inside.
Wait wasn't too bad (15 mins on a weeknight for a table of 4) and everything came out super fast. Also, it's cheap. Service kind of sucked but who cares? Food is delicious. I shared soup dumplings, scallion pancake with sliced beef and pan fried udon noodles. It was enough food for the 4 of us and I think the damage was around $25. Obviously it's a bit of a hike from Manhattan, but it's a great spot to eat at before an event at Citi Field!
Small restaurant with quick service. Servers aren't very approachable but the food is phenomenal. The cold beef pancake (forgot what it's really called) is really good and the soup dumplings are delicious! Their rice cake is one of the best and the Shanghai fried noodle and flat noodles are also very flavorful. It is a little too salty for my tastes but still delicious!
On a rainy Thurs night, my friends and I were having dinner and when they recommended this place, I think "Hmmmm I guess I can risk having my tongue burned by a xiao long bao tonight." I usually get so excited by food, I forget to let them cool down first!They told me that this place has gotten so popular, that it's gone from just one store front to now three. I was praying there was no wait. Lucky for us, we were seated immediately. My friend recommended the hot soy bean milk and I was thoroughly intrigued. I've never had it hot before and the fact that I was drinking it out of a huge bowl made me want it more. For the three of us, I think we definitely over ordered. The waiter even gave us a weird look but o well. The xiao long bao here was definitely satisfying. Full of soup that was perfectly seasoned with a nice exterior bun. I don't know if I was super hungry but the scallion pancake tasted amazing to me. Expertly fried without that feeling of oiliness that I sometimes get from other establishments. We also ordered the sauteed udon which was pretty standard. I liked their pan fried pork buns but they were a tad bit oily. I also tried their pan fried pork and chive dumplings which I thought was only mediocre. I prefer the ones from Vanessa's Dumplings more. Overall, it was a super delicious and hearty meal. Remember guys , it's CASH ONLY.
Cheap and tasty.We had ordered the crab meat soup dumplings, as well as the scallion rice cakes. Both were good. They're generous with portions as well. Overall, not bad!
I have always heard that this is the best soup dumpling restaurant in queens. I came here to see if it was or not. When I got there, it was a full house but only needed to wait 15 minutes to be seated. One of the waiter was slightly rude. He wanted rolls his eyes whenever we requested some thing but not a big issue. The soup dumplings on the other hand was great but not the best.
The service here has considerably declined over the years. It takes so long to get their attention for extra water, tea or just to get the check. I recently went there and there and they forgot to give us chopsticks, spoons or even cups for water. We only noticed after our food came and had to wave them down to ask for utensils. And I frequently notice that my cup is always dirty. I'm going to be avoiding this place from now on. No matter how good the food may be, it can't make up for their bad service and dirty cups.
It's a no frills restaurant and the only thing you order is the Xiao Long Bao. Okay enough humor it's a good place to get that and a bunch of other side dishes such as noodles and the scallion pancakes which is really good. The pricing is cheap too. Just remind to bring cash
The Xiao Long Baos here are second to none, there's a reason it's been Michelin recommended so many years running. The place is fairly standard inside as far as Chinese cafes go, but the service is prompt and the price is fair.XLB (soup dumps) - these guys have more or less nailed these. The flavor was ridiculously good, with the combo of the soup, meat and casing being perfect.Crispy noodles with pork, seafood and fish - again, they do crispy noodles right. I've been to so many places where they're either soggy, or near burnt, but this was the perfect blend. Toppings were also great, with the shredded pork being mixed with cabbage, enoki mushrooms, shrimp, and white fish.Spicy beef pepper noodle soup - contrary to the wording, not actually that spicy, but the soup does a great job of taking on the flavor of the green peppers and shredded beef. The noodles are all house made, and have a great texture and bite to them.Definitely worth a trip.
I feel very disappointed after hearing claims that nan xiang has the best xiao long bao in nyc. What? Did yall get new chefs or something? The xiao long bao when I went were way too big with very thick skin, all touching each other in the bamboo steamer so that they broke apart easily when picked up. Ugh. Yeah, prices are really cheap, so maybe worth a visit if you're in the area, definitely not worth a trek to flushing. Beef scallion pancake w/ hoisin sauce was gud tho.
Hands down great food & service. The soup dumplings( both pork & crab meat) are so delicious. I also recommend the chive bun which is very flavorable and healthy at the same time. Not to mention, FREE, unlimited tea to drink! Good, cozy environment. It gets packed after 2pm, but wait times are no more than 10 min. No need to spend fancy to enjoy a great, filling meal. For a chive bun, 2 orders of soup dumplings (6 per entry), and beef & scallion pancake, and bottomless tea all for under $25, is an amazingly cheap deal for 2 people! Cheers to that!
This place is really spacious and I came here on a friend recommendation for their soup dumplings. Heard it was one of the best so had to give it a try. Needless to say they were half correct. I mainly enjoy Joe's Shanghai dumplings, but they were able to top Joe's with their crab soup dumpling. It contained more flavor and was definitely delicious and on point. But don't simply take my word for it give it a try yourself
Hands down the best spot in Queens for soup dumpling and scallion pancake. It is SO GOOOD. I usually order two batches of soup dumpling (6pieces) and one order of scallion pancakes, and if i'm extra hungry, pan fried udon noodles. I tried the soy milk before but it was disgusting. Not sure if it's because it's fresh and not sweet, which is what i'm used to, but it didn't hit the spot for me. The service is a hit or miss. They're usually so busy that they can't accommodate to everyone but still, that is no excuse. Price is definitely a plus. Everything is super cheap and affordable.
FYI: CASH ONLYThis was my first soup dumpling experience (yay)! There was quite a wait, but we took it as a good sign, obviously.We had, in order of best to "meh":+ Scallion Pancake with Sliced BeefTHE BEST THING WE ATE! zOMG. Beefy with a savory oysterish sauce!+ Hand Made Steamed DumplingsMy second favorite. These had a thicker dough, but I really enjoyed the greens mixed in.+ Steamed Crab + Pork BunsThe filling was rich, as was the soup broth. The meat combo was great.+ Steamed Pork BunsSo good! - Fried DoughHUGE and petty good, but a bit plain for my tastes- Sui Mai Very meaty and juicy, but a bit bland. They also tasted a bit different than I'm used to.. at first I thought they were undercooked, but they weren't.Our pre-tip total was $32.Service was bad at the beginning (10 minutes for anyone to come over), but I guess that's typical of Chinese places. Overall it was a great first soup dumpling experience!
OMGWhy did I come ALL the way to Flushing to eat?A quick business trip as the wife had 2 days of training (in the coldest days of the year, of course)We stood in line in 20 degree temperatures ......brrrrrrrrrIn a nutshell:1. Pan fried dumplings (lots of juice, almost soup dumpling-like) and MEATY2.Soup pork dumplings - OMG  (no more to add, just take my word for it)3. Scallion pancakes - I'm not normally a fan, but theirs was light, flaky, crispy; not dull oily and flat like every other place.  Just trust me on this one again!CASH ONLY, and you have to park in a garage next door (unless you get dropped off, which I recommend.  You'll be like Jerry and Elaine in the Soup-Nazi episode.  You'll have to sit down after eating the above!)
I've been delaying writing this review because I seriously cannot remember how the food or service was. Came here after my boyfriend ran a race at Flushing Meadows. And I must have been so preoccupied with feeling proud of him for his time, that checking this place off my to-visit list after years seemed like no big deal. I do remember that the turnip puff pastries were fantastic, but he couldn't eat them because they had pork. I also remember that they forgot my order of youtiao and soymilk, which were what I came here for, but I was too stuffed to even ask.
The pork dumplings were delicious. Huge portion and worth your money. The soup and the meat taste very clean, and I really enjoyed eating these. If I had to compare it to joe's I'd say they are about the same, with this being a little lighter and cleaner. This is a place I'd consider bringing my grandma, because I think she would approve of these.We also got the green onion pancakes, which looked and tasted a little over fried in too much oil. With some soysauce, the flavor came out and it was pretty good.Service: It took us 40 minutes to get our one plate of dumplings. I'm not sure if they forgot our order or something, because the table next to us, who were seated 10 minutes after us, received their 6 orders of dumplings before us. When we asked the waitress, she didn't even respond or say "let me check", she just walked away. We asked another waiter and 5 minutes later someone came back to tell us that i'll be out in one minute. It wasn't especially busy, so I don't really understand what took so long in responding to our question. We were patient enough.
So good! Had the steamed pork buns, scallion pancake with sliced beef, Shanghai pan fried u-don, and the rice cake with beef everything was amazing and very affordable prices also! Will definitely be coming back on my next visit to New York
Just flew in to Queens, NY from Miami. I received a strong recommendation from a family member to eat here at "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao". I was told to try the Steamed pork buns and the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don because they are "amazing" AMAZING they were. From the broth inside the pork bun to the texture of the U-Don, my pallet was truly enlightened. Service was great and food was as speedy as these NYC streets. Great place and I'll be back very soon!
The things we ordered: soybean milk, fried dough, turnip puffs, beef wrapped in scallion pancake, and soup dumplings, all under $20 and the two of us were stuffed! A price to quantity ratio that would be close to impossible in the city. The quality of the food stacked up to these cheap prices as well. The soybean milk tasted authentic enough and fried dough was a little stale, but good enough to satiate a craving. I was most surprised by the turnip puffs - something I would not have ordered if my friend hadn't. Flaky exterior and a flavorful turnipy filling. I was expecting the outside to overwhelm the inside with blandness but I was proven wrong! Would definitely order these again. The beef wrapped in scallion pancake was solid, my only quip being that there would have been more meat. Soup dumplings were some of the best I've ever had - thin delicate skin, delicious broth, and ample filling. One star deduction as some of the food was served on rather grimy looking plates and some of the staff were just sitting around on their phones constantly, but honestly that's pretty typical service at a Chinese restaurant anyways. A definite must visit if you're in flushing!
Bumping up to 4 stars for the price. I ordered pork Xiao long bao, pork buns, dumplings, Shanghai udon noodles, and beef scallion pancake all for only $35. Incredible !Otherwise this would have been a solid 3.5. Everything was tasty, but did not wow me for the amount of reviews and kudos this place has. Soup dumplings were also just par, not amazed. Joe's Shanghai still has the best according to my taste buds. Also the restaurant could have been a bit cleaner. Not sure if it's because I went on a Friday night around 9:30 pm, but there was discarded plates and food just hanging around on a cart by the bathroom. Bathroom was also very wet everywhere and not hygienic.
I'm always looking for places that do Xiao Long Bao (XLB) well, which brought me to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. I actually flew into La Guardia to check this spot out with my tight travel schedule. It was only a few miles from the airport and close to a train station to get to Manhattan. Perfect!Best XLB that I've tried so far. Yes, I've tried all the other well-known spots. Nothing on the west coast comes close to the XLB here. The meat to skin ratio is awesome; plenty of meat with a thin skin. This means that you have to be careful when handling these delectable pieces of heaven because if you're not, you'll be spilling some precious soup broth. 1 order comes with 6, so order accordingly. I had dinner plans, so I only ordered 1, which was a mistake. Next time I'm ordering 2-3 for myself.Service was fast and efficient, but don't expect friendly social service you might get at other NYC restaurants. CASH ONLY
A flushing staple!!! At this point I've tried over half the menu and haven't had a single thing that wasn't excellent. The scallion pancakes are flakey and chewy at the same time, and the stuffed scallion pancakes are even better. Pan fried noodles are so damn good I could literally eat a whole plate of the them by myself. Of course the soup dumplings are the real star here. Flavorful and delicious. I came here twice this week so you could say I'm a fan. Also conveniently located across the street from a parking lot so parking wasn't an issue for us.
Very solid, but not best-in-class for me. Last time we were here, we got soup dumplings, scallion pancakes (one order with beef, one without), fried pork dumplings, pan-fried udon noodles, and shao mai. All very good, but I wasn't blown away by anything, and it's a decent amount more expensive than Shanghai Cafe, which remains my standard-bearer for both quality and price.
Our go to for soup dumplings! Food is consistently good. Only negative is that the soup dumplings can take a minute since they are made to order. It's always busy but the food is worth the wait.
I came here because of all the great reviews!! Soup dumpling is pretty good. But what I'm most impressed is the cold dishes: cucumbers and tofu as pictures attached. It's refreshing and tasty!I tried the spiced oil wonton and beef green onion cake. They were a little different taste than what I am used to. I don't recommend them. Chives cake is great!Overall, the food and price is great. Service is slow but bearable.
Amazing xiao long bao! Definitely one of the best Ive had. The rice cake with shredded pork was also so good with the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The beef with tripe was pretty solid as well.It seemed like most of our food was cold though :( we got the soymilk and it was super watery and the shanghai udon stirred noodle was pretty tough bc it wasnt cooked fresh. Our waiter gave us quite the attitude too, so i give it 4 stars overall!
Just adding my 5-star review to this restaurant's giant collection of similarly glowing, happy ones. The serving sizes are great and the food is delicious. I've loved Nan Xiang since my parents brought me here years ago, so much that I asked for my 17th birthday dinner with my family to be here.On top of the crab and pork soup dumplings, try the seafood pan fried udon noodles.
ONLY get the soup dumplings. nothing else here is worth a try. the service is fast but weird. there is a women sitting at the reception that acts like a madam. she doesnt help with anything...just seems to count cash. the soup dumplings were good. the crab ones were the best. i dont want to talk about the other things because they were quite disappointing
You can't ignore the signs. When something is Michelin rated as many times as this place, you'd be silly not to drop in whilst visiting Flushing. This was our last stop on Dump Tour 2017 and I was feeling full. But that did not stop me... I went for the spicy pepper and beef soup noodle and the pork soup dumplings. They bigger than your average dumpling, and the all the flavors that come out of that sweet sweet bun are a winning combination. In my opinion these buns are up there with the best. Top 3 easily!!!The spicy pepper and beef noodle soup was also pretty delicious. Could have done with some more vegetable as it was literally pepper and beef but beside that, an enjoyable dish. This spot is deffo worth the wait if there is a queue. If you're a fan of soup dumplings you will not be disappointed!
The soup buns are more light than Joe's  Shanghai down the street. These are the 2 main competitors. I'm  Shanghainese and must say that these  soup buns are fantastic. The restaurant  always has a wait. There's  outlets around for a quick phone charge though. I usually get the spicy  appetizers.  Numbs my tongue. Their pan fried noodles aren't  worth the money. Neither are their rice cakes. This is usually  the restaurant I go to right when I arrive home from college breaks with my suitcase and all. Not a soup bun you can just make at home. I recommend the regular pork soup bun ($6.50) which comes with  6 pieces per basket. I see a lot of non-asians when I come here. It is evidently the spot to go to. The bathroom is decent here. 4 stars because the staff should  be more attentive and shouldn't  stick people at a table in the doorway in the winter. And the bathroom  needs some cleaning. They make their soup buns well. That's  what  matters!
It's always when I have expectations that I seem to get disappointed. Even with great reviews, I need to walk in like Yelp doesn't exist & that I know nothing of an establishment. Service - below average. I love the city and everything it has to offer, but what its lacking is some awesome service. The server didn't check on us once. They took our order and dropped off our food - everything else we had to go hunt him down.Food - about average. There were 5 of us and we ordered a bunch of different things for the table - scallion pancake with slice beef (3 / 5), Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don (3/5), Steamed crab meat & pork buns (4 / 5), pan fried dumplings (2.5 / 5), spicy ramen (2.5 / 5). Everything was just pretty bland - nothing stood out too much. If I ever went back, the steamed buns were soupy but had a good amount of meat, so they were decent. There are so much better places around though!!!
I found this spot as i was looking for a new place around flushing that had soup dumplings. This place had over 2,000 reviews so I figured it would be the best. I was wrong. I don't know what all the hype was about but I didn't enjoy any of the food...at all. I tried the scallion pancakes, pan fried udon noodles and the soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes tasted like dough and not in a good way. I usually like them thinner and crispy but this one was plain and thick. Not a fan. The pan fried noodles were ok... just very bland. They look a lot better than they taste. Now, the soup dumplings were good if you aren't bothered by fishy scents and if you like yours with more crab/pork and less soup. However, the smell of the crab was so fishy and overwhelming that it was making me a little sick. There was barely any soup in it either and it was really disappointing. Won't be coming back here again... I'll stick to my favorite spot at joes Shanghai a few blocks away.
Hmmm I got to say their soup dumplings and chive pancake was great! You can skip the beef scallion pancake and pork bun, it was just so so...
Over 2000 reviews must be good, and indeed it was.  SF Bay Area just recently opened din Tai fung which is totally legit, I only Been to the one in Seattle and they call it juicy dumplings, they juicy.  At Nan Xiang, they are a little wider and slightly thicker on the skin.  The broth and pork filling was absolutely Devine.  Probably best meal of the week in NYC.  Had both pork and one with crab pork.  Green onion pancake, simple but chewy oily good flavor.  Hot soy milk, legit.  Handmade dumplings clean.  stir fried rice cakes perfect as well.Came on a Thursday at noon, no wait but place was full in minutes with people waiting.  This area of flushing is the real deal Chinatown of America, everything is good here.
Delicious xiaolongbao! So juicy and flavorful. We got both the regular anb ones. The other dishes were okay, we got spicy beef, stir fired noodles, cucumber and a dried tofu dish. Everything was so cheap. For three of us it was a little over $30.
They open early and the food is fresh and hot.  Nothing else to say but damn good food.Ok ok, someone asked for more details. This is a hole in the wall. They've done well enough that at some point they've expanded. Waitresses are moody at times. The prices are very reasonable. You can easily get an assortment for $20 and be full. I work the over night shift and want dinner at 8am. Plates/cups can be greasy so keep an eye out. I haven't been here during peak hours so I don't know about the wait time.
I was intrigued by this place because its one of the most popular spots in Flushing and serves food from my hometown, Shanghai. I had high hopes for this place because of all the good reviews, and to say the least, I wasn't let down. I also wasn't amazed because nothing here was extraordinary. I ordered the beef tripe, wine chicken, and soup dumplings. The beef tripe and wine chicken were a little too cold for my taste and the wine chicken was a little too wine-y. However, the soup dumplings was better here than the Joe's Shanghai, and it's a lot cheaper. The vibe here was really chill as everyone was just trying to get meal in.  I recommend coming here if you're craving a quick meal, but for better shanghai foods, I very much recommend going to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao.
We arrived hungry on a Saturday afternoon and we left an hour later completely satisfied. Started the meal with a delicious and savory plate of cucumber spears topped with slivers of fresh garlic in a sesame garlic sauce that had me slurping from the bottom of the dish. Followed by a bowl of pork and veg wontons in spicy sesame sauce, multiple orders of the best crab and pork soup dumplings I've ever had. The broth was rich and unctuous, the wrappers thin but not fragile. And the after bite, a wee tender ball of pork and papery wrapper, was like that extra-long hug you didn't know you needed but are so glad to be receiving. For a little variety, also had bright and springy steamed vegetable dumpling that, when topped with the slightly smoky chili paste, were a whole other and equally delightful experience. I wished my stomach to be larger. It didn't happen. I had to leave. But I will be back.
What is a trip to Flushing without dim sum?  This place did not disappoint.  We ordered the scallion pancakes, soup dumplings with crab, shu mai and noodles.  All were delicious.  service was surprisingly good.  Definitely worth the trip!
Came here a while ago, but till this day my family will probably never go to this restaurant again.The reason was the waitress that was helping us. She took forever to come take out order, too forever to get our check and took forever to give us change back. It was a Saturday and honestly it wasn't that busy, so we had no idea why it was taking her so long to get everything done.I am a very patient person and so is my sister, but it really took too long and got both of us irritated. On top of that the tone of her voice was not pleasant at all and got us even more irritated with her.I will say the food is good, but if service here is bad, I wouldn't go again no matter how good the food is.This happened almost a year ago, so you can see how customer service makes a difference.
The quality of food has gone down . We ordered take out on a Monday night. First of all, the lady who picks up the phone barely knows English.  Had no idea what I was saying . 1. Food is SUPER DUPER OILY after I specifically told them LESS OIL2. Poor food presentation skills !!! See attached pic3. Ordered beef scallion package. Scallion pancake was drenched in oil THAT WAS STILL RAW and there one a thin layer of beef. Gross4. Gave us broken crab soup dumplings and broken Shanghainese crab soup dumplings 5. I called them back to let them know that the dough of the scallion pancake was still raw and the lady who picked up the phone literally said " well I don't work in the kitchen what can I do. THERE WAS NO APOLOGY. I will never come here again. Way too many better restaurants in flushing
Ain't Nan-thing wrong with the place. My family and I managed to finagle our way to a table at this place for an early Saturday dinner and we were not disappointed. We got a bunch of dumplings, salted soy milk (kind of like a soy milk congee), rice cakes, and numerous other carbs. The menu contains an extensive list of unique and highly tasty sounding dishes.I'm now a big fan of the veggie dumplings. Unlike a lot of other veggie dumplings there's none of that cellophane noodle. It's actually made of greens (I couldn't decipher what) and paired with dipping sauces makes for a pleasant vegetarian experience while the rest of my family were thoroughly enjoying the classic xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I recommend trying salted soy milk for a unique experience and to see if you enjoy it. It's very soy sauce heavy, but I personally enjoy that. There's also a number of greens on the menu that I don't often see available at other restaurants and am tempted to return just for the veg.
Are you somewhat new to New York and think you've found "authentic" Chinese cuisine in New York's Chinatown? Maybe you've discovered the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai. Well, whether the prior is true or not, you haven't tried delicious soup dumplings until you've tried them at Nan Xiang. If you've never taken a trip out to Flushing, you're in for a nice surprise: This is New York's true "Chinatown." And with no shortage of great dumpling spots, Nan Xiang is your only true spot for soup dumplings. Nan Xiang is budget-friendly (read: cheap), Michelin-rated (yep, it's true!) and while small and it may appears to have quite a wait for a table, they essentially have three split dining rooms. So, plenty of tables and we didn't have to wait for one more than a few minutes at most. In addition to the soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes were also worth trying. Just a quick hop from Manhattan on the 7 train and you'll be there in no time! Definitely worth a visit!
Tourist trap. Not as good as people claim, seriously. Customer service sucks. This is what I order:Steam bun: it's ok. I had betterFried pork chop: too oilyBeef noodle soup: not much meat. Too much bell pepper in soup. Not much flavor or noodles. Try a different place. Tons of other places in flushing for steam buns. People only come cuz it got overrated online.
Delicious food and amazing customer service! Always a lovely experience. The soup dumplings are a must.
Nanxiang  XLB HaikuFamous soup dumplingCarb fat meat soup all in one Can eat this all day
Pork soup dumplings...beef scallion pancake, black fungus...these are the definite must- have items on the menu! This place is kinda a free-for-all, but in the best "I'm in Flushing" kinda way! Cash only. Delicious. Hot. Perfect. GO!
Been wanting to try this place forever but was not tryna deal with weekend brunch crowds. I made the trek out here at around 2PM on a Sunday and was quoted 20 minutes but they seated our party of 2 within 5 minutes. This place is pretty big but the hype is real so it will probably be packed at all times.Kao Fu - Solid portions and tasty! Great starter as you wait for your freshly steamed dumplings.Sheng Jian Bao - I personally prefer sjbs to xlbs but the ones at NXXLB were disappointing. They lacked the soup that makes sjbs so amazing. Would skip these and just order another basket of xlbs. Crab & Pork XLB - Star of the show hands down. This was easily the best crab xlb I've had in NYC. They were plump and bursting with crab flavor.Our food + 1 soymilk came out to under $30 including tax and tip. Would I wait an hour for this place? Probably not, but it's definitely worth making a trip to Flushing if you're trying to eat during an off hour.[CASH ONLY]
We often come here to this little casual restaurant to get delicious Chinese street food.  The price is very reasonable and there is plenty of seating even though it's quite popular with the locals.  I'd definitely recommend the crab and pork xiao long bao and you really can't go wrong with most of the rest of the menu either.
Hands down the best dim sum place ever! The pork steam buns and crab steam buns were awesome. The dumplings were good too. Def worth the hype. Customer service was amazing, went in on a friday night and expected to wait 20 mins but we got seated within 5 mins. 10/10 food10/10 customer service
Soup dumplings are delicious!! The meat is juicy and flavorful. The dough isn't too thick and doesn't break. The soup is hot (be careful) and not too oily or salty. We have also gotten udon there. But go-to are definitely the soup dumplings. Prices are reasonable. There is almost always a wait on weekends but it moves relatively quickly as there is a lot of seating.
I was thoroughly disappointed by the soup dumplings here. After seeing all the great reviews and how famous this place is for their soup dumplings, I expected so much more. I've had way better soup dumplings in many lesser known places. The two dishes that I really enjoyed were the beef scallion pancakes and the jellyfish. We also got an order of turnip pastries and bean pastries. These were okay; better than the soup dumplings. I guess you could come here to try these "famous" soup dumplings for yourself, but they're not as good as you may think.
While everyone here goes for the soup dumplings, (which are definitely melt in your mouth incredible), my favorite dishes are the scallion pancakes (be sure to ask for it with the brown sauce) and the crispy, pan fried noodles with vegetables. The food is heavy and you might need a nap after. Plan to go straight to bed when you leave here.
Cheap and classic. Their pork chop noodle is a classic Shanghainese style. Worth the try.
Come for the soup dumplings, but skip everything else. I loved the pork soup dumplings, but everything else we tried was pretty bad. The Udon noodles were a skip (super greasy and not too tasty) as well as the seafood noodle-ish soup. All not so good, but the soup dumplings = superb; they would earn 5-stars. 4-stars because everything else we tried was lackluster.Place is cash only. The broth and pork inside the dumplings is so comforting. A bowl of warmth in your heart in a dreary world that's no longer dreary because you're eating these dumplings. So, so, good. Service is alright. The tea they serve with your order is great. The prices are great, but once again -- if you want my take: order the soup dumplings...maybe some other dumplings to share, but I'd skip on any of the other meals.
Some people might say that Din Tai Fung is the gold standard for Xiaolong bao/Shanghainese Dumplings. That might be true for the original location in Taiwan, but I can say for certain that Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao beats them at their own game at all other locations, and any other restaurant I've been to.It's located along an unassuming strip of restaurants on a relatively quiet street in Flushing. We were seated right away (it was Monday), and subsequently started ordering food right away.Seafood Crispy Noodle - Great, but thought that the noodles should have been a bit more crispy.Scallion Noodle - Deep flavors, especially with the charred scallion. When I think of "wok hei" and the flavor it imparts, I can't help but think of these noodles.Pork + Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce + Peanut Sauce - DELICIOUS. If you're not a fan of spicy food, don't worry, this is fine. It involves more of a numbing oil that gives it a little bit of heat as opposed to a deep, sweat-inducing spice. I recommend that you save the leftover sauce, because it will make the Xiaolong Bao taste that much better.Pork Xiaolong Bao - To this date, the best I've ever had. I've had xiaolong bao at countless dim sum joints, multiple Din Tai Fung locations and everything in between. Nothing tops the ones served here. One thing I noticed is that these are larger in size and feature a lot more soup. The  meat and flavors inside the dumpling are unreal, and are complemented well by both the vinegar and the spicy sauce from the dish above. If you want a perfect bite of food, it really doesn't get better than this.My only gripe about the restaurant is the time it takes for food to come out. Perhaps I came on a day that wasn't as busy as it usually is (even though it seemed full), so they weren't constantly steaming dumplings. But if I were in Flushing Chinatown for any reason, I'd find each and every excuse imaginable to come eat here.
Good quality soy milk and soup dumplings, and also very good price. There might a short wait if you come at proper dinner time at weekends
One of the best Taiwanese restaurants I've been to. I came at 9am on a Friday so it was pretty empty. We were seated right away. I ordered the udon noodles (very well cooked and flavorful), warm soybean milk with fried dough to sip in, pork soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes with beef. The scallion pancakes were the highlight of my meal. They were crispy, flavorful and stuffed with meat. If you're in the area, stop by!
The food. It's pretty good. Especially for the price. This is my third trip to this place, and it still hasn't lost its luster.Whether you're ordering an appetizer of jelly fish, or getting the sweetest and flakiest scallion pancakes, this place never fails to satisfy your taste buds.The food was delivered in a timely manner, but after the plates are served, the staff summarily ignore you, lol. Nobody at my table had a refill of tea. It would have been great to be 'checked in' on at least twice throughout the eating ritual.Regardless, it's still an overall awesome experience.
Cash only. Pork and shrimp XLB all the way! Here's how it works: sit down, order XLB, eat XLB, drink tea, pay, leave.
The fried dumplings are to die for. The best I have ever ate. The fresh made to order noodle soup is ok, but you have to go and try there dumplings.
I thought the XLBs were okay.. I'm not sure why everyone is raving about it. They were large but the broth was a bit bland.Quality 3/5Price 4/5
xiao lon bao used to be my favorite dish to bring my family to enjoy it.Flushing is so many food restaurant nowadays，but xiao long bao still is good to try. Try Nan Xiang，let us know what is？
For the price you are paying, this is a great affordable soup dumpling place. Pretty big place, plain with no decorations just white walls. Quick and friendly service, good food.Only suggestion is to keep utensils dried and more clean and bathrooms can improve (cleaner floor, better soap holder, hand dryer needs an upgrade).You get what you pay for. In the end this is a $ place, what more do you expect?
I came here on a Saturday evening (a little after 5pm) and we were seated pretty quickly, especially for a large party of 10. (Note: We did call ahead.) It was definitely busier when we left - people were waiting outside to be seated.We ordered a few of their dim sum dishes, which also came out quickly. We had to ask for tea and refills later.Scallion pancakes - they're okay, but they pale in comparison to the Beef Scallion pancakes, which are basically a beef version of Peking duck (see below).Scallion pancakes with sliced beef - Get this. The scallion pancake was crispier and filled with beef, hoisin sauce, and green onions. If I came here and only ordered this, I would be happy. Best dish of the night!Pan Fried Dumplings - nothing special. Not very "pan fried." When I eat pan fried dumplings, I want to be able to see that they were pan fried (the browner, the better!). These were so pale white that they could be passed for steamed or boiled. They also ate like soupy dumplings, except that instead of being filled with soup, it was filled with grease.Steamed vegetable dumplings - kind of bland. Needs soy sauce.Soupy dumplings - we got both the pork and crab/pork buns. They were a good size and loaded with soup. Good flavor, but I wasn't a big fan of the skin - it was too sticky/chewy for my tastes. Overall, the dumplings came off of the platter without a big mess, but some of the baskets were leaking broth before we even dug into them.The meal was satisfying and we all felt full afterward. It's a great value for large groups, which is why I give them four stars.
If you like really well made dumplings,this is just the place .The place are kind,and the dumplings are stupid tasty.Dont go here expecting to get dumplings and maybe some noodle and a side of sautéed veggies or whatnot...this is just dumplings.and did I mention they are wicked good??
My best friend loves coming here for soup dumplings and won't stop coming here. I personally believe the soup dumpling skin is really thick here compared to Kung Fu Xiao Long bao. Nonetheless, the food is really good here.We ordered:Crab and pork soup dumplings (4/5)A little too dryPork soup dumplings (5/5)Always a go-to choiceRice cake with beef (5/5)Good portions with mushroom and lettuceScallion pancake (5/5) MUST GET, the bread is cooked too fluffiness
YUM! Came here starving after a long drive from Boston. Normally our go to place is Kung Fu XLB, however they had just closed when we arrived. Nan Xiang is open late (till 1am) and had good reviews, so we went. Ended up getting the two types of XLB, 1 pork and 1 crab/pork. The dumplings were so incredibly juicy and full of soup, more soupy than most places I've been to. The meat was good as well. The only criticism I would say is that the skin could've been a little thinner, although they probably make it a bit thicker in case it punctures and all that flavorful soup comes running out (worst thing that could happen). We also got the Shanghai Pan Fried Udon noodles, which were pretty damn basic, since it really only had 3 ingredients (noodles, pork, and a couple slices of bok choy) +soy sauce. If you're familiar with Chinese cuisine, the taste is EXACTLY the same as "gong Chau know hoh" which is the flat noodles with beef commonly served at dim sum. I really enjoy just eating noodles without a lot of ads ins though so it was good enough for me.
The food here is well-priced, and consistently tasty. It's good for a quick bite on your own and for larger groups. I enjoy their "breakfast menu" and soup dumplings the best.
The scallion pancakes are authentically great - well, the real Chinese ones might be a tad more oily, but I can understand why that wouldn't work for locals. The soup dumplings were excellent too - warning: grab them by the top with the pincers, else you risk breaking them and losing the sauce/ soup .. and be watchful: they come super hot, so you'll need to time your approach carefully. Too early and you might burn your mouth, too late and you'll lose the hotness of it, plus the interior can be much hotter than the exterior. Enjoy the delectable challenge !
I have been coming here for quite some time now and I have go to say, the food is sooo good.  The soup dumplings, the beef scallion pancakes, the noodles, fried dumplings, I've had it all! The thing I will never understand is why the service is soo bad.  If they were to work on their service I would give them 5 stars.  Tip: they only take cash*Oh! I forgot to add that I couldn't order a drink because they had no clean cups. Absolutely unheard of!
When in Flushing, we frequent this joint for their famous soup dumplings and warm soy milk accompanied with fried dough. Sometimes all I need is a simple and tasty meal. The service is not the fastest but doable given they serve the food  fairly quick. During my recent visit, the fried dough (yau tail) tasted like it has been sitting around for a while. It wasn't as crispy and fresh as my previous visit. I minus one star for stale fried dough. Overall, I will return for the soup dumplings and soy milk.
Maybe best soup dumplings in flushing. Sorry Joe Shanghai. Okay and a must is the cucumber garlic appetizer and this thick noodle platter. I haven't eaten anything that wasn't good her. Prices are fair. Order the fried dough for dessert I promise you won't regret it. This place is always packed and for good reason.
Came here before it used to be super good.quality has gone down recently. The meat is not smelling great. Service is rude
Nan Xiang is known for having some of the best soup dumplings in NYC, and they really deliver on this! I've been here several times already, and the XLB are a hit every time. On my most recent visit, I came for breakfast (they are one of the few places in Flushing that open super early) and was seated right away. There are plenty of pre-prepared side dishes ("little eats") that you can order, and I opted to start with the tofu/edamame mixture, which was dressed so nicely with a slightly tart vinegar and was ever so slightly spicy from a few pieces of chili--delicious!! We also ordered the savory "tofu brains," a mixture of silken tofu and a light broth. The broth was not too salty and was ever so slightly fishy from the little shrimps that were included--but overall not my favorite dish. And then of course, the star of the show: the soup dumplings! We opted for the crab/pork dumplings, and the filling was absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly--the crab imparted the perfect amount of sweetness to the pork. My only complaint was that some of the dumpling skins didn't hold up very well and sprung a leak--but in terms of flavor, they were all on point! Also, the prices here are more than reasonable, and you'll get great value for your money.
Food is 5 star. They deserve it. And the service is 0 star. Service is very bad. And it is cash only.
This is a staple in flushing China town. I come here often for the rice noodles, pork and mustard greens. I also love the scallion pancakes.
Food is good as usual but service is different story, took me multiple time to ask for ginger for the dumplings where they should AUTOMATICALLY serve alone, then took me few times to ask for a check. Store was only half full at the time.
Nan Xiang XLB is a solid all around Shanghainese restaurant, but I'm not sure it lives up to the hype. The soup dumplings here are good, but I've certainly had better elsewhere.  I came here with my family and ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancake with beef, crisp red bean pastries, crisp turnip pastries, and jellyfish with turnip.  The beef scallion pancakes and red bean pastries were the standout items in my opinion - the scallion pancake was crisp without being too oily, and the hoisin sauce complimented the beef really well.  The red bean pastries are something that is hard to find, even in Chinatown.  The soup dumplings didn't impress me, though.  They tasted like your standard xlb, and the broth was a little too oily for my liking.  I also couldn't taste the crab flavor.  Overall, Nan Xiang is a good place to start if you've never tried xiao long bao, but I wouldn't feel compelled to seek out this place in particular.  They have plenty of other delicious items on the menu, though, so if you do happen to come here, give the other dishes a try.
In general, the food served is so-so, not as delicious as so many reviews have indicated. The service, however, is terrible. During the entire time I was sitting there, no one refilled my tea even though I asked twice. Also, A lot of things on the menu cannot be served, ex beef noodle. The waiter took order of so many tables that the food was not served based on who came in first...I really cannot imagine how such a terrible place could get a 4 star on yelp...
After trying so many soup dumpling places in New York City, this spot has to be one of the best! I would be coming here more often if it wasn't so far from me. The soup dumplings are juicy and flavorful - you can even see the workers freshly wrapping the dumplings and steaming it. I would also recommend ordering the scallion pancake or scallion pancake wrapped with beef. The stir fry noodles were also pretty good but was a bit too oily and didn't have enough vegetables. Overall, you can't go wrong with coming here for delicious soup dumplings for a reasonable price. Just make sure you remember to bring cash since they are a cash only establishment.
Check it out if you are looking for authentic soup dumplings(Xiao long balls)with reasonable price!I spend about $11 with soup dumplings on a set of 6 soup dumplings with crab and salty soy milk. I got sooo full! The wrap of the soup dumplings is not too soft, so you don't need to worry about breaking it. The soup inside has the taste of crab! Stuffing is big and yummy!However, if you really care about the environment and the level of clearness. It may not be the right place for you. Maybe you can do takeout. My table is absolutely not clean, so I had to wipe it again by myself.Food is fast, and staffs remember what you told them no matter how busy they are.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 3:30 expecting a long wait, but was seated within 10 minutes (2 people). I wish we came with more people because there were so many things on the menu we wanted to try!We ended up with the crab and pork soup dumplings (of course), shen jian bao, chili and pork noodles, shumai, and scallion pancakes.Soup dumplings were amazing - crab taste was very apparent, which I liked but my boyfriend not so much. Skin was perfectly chewy and didn't fall apart super easily. Shen jian bao were also really good. There was also soup inside, and the meat filling was very flavorful. My favorite part was the crispy bottom of the bun.Scallion pancakes were just okay - too fried and oily for my taste.Shu mai was great. Loved the generous filling of glutinous rice.Chili and beef noodles were nothing special. Wasn't even spicy unfortunately, and the meat had a strange texture.Overall this place was very good and worth a trip app the way out to flushing. Their famous soup dumplings did not disappoint, though some of their other menu items fell a bit short. Also they are cash only so come prepared!
Came here on the weekend, I think some time in between breakfast lunch and dinner. I only had like $5 worth of cash (this place doesn't take card), so my options for ordering were limited to basically fried dough and soy milk. They were pretty cheap for a sit down restaurant, so that was decent. The fried dough was also very good, probably the best I've had in NYC thus far. However, since I ordered it at like around 11 am, I wasn't surprised to find that it was a little cold. I guess this place, like many places which serve fried dough, only do it once a day, and then leave them out to sit for the rest of the day.May be back, but honestly going to real restaurants which don't accept card is a real pain.CASH ONLY
I was craving Xiao Long Bao but had to get the veggie dumplings instead of beef or crab because everything else contains pork or is pork-based. I think the dumplings contained cabbage and some other veggies I didn't like. It was bland and I hate cabbage too.Rant:  I couldn't find only beef dumplings anywhere in flushing which is deeply saddening. After looking through the ENTIRE food court for beef dumplings, an employee finally told me that Chinese people don't like beef. She failed to explain why as she's not fluent in English, which is not her fault. She was nice though.Other Rant: I fail to understand why Asians and some Arabs use cabbage as a substitute in salad or any other dish? Cabbage CANNOT & will NEVER be lettuce. Yes, I'm a lettuce lover, especially Iceberg lettuce. I hate cabbage unless its kimchi or cooked desi style.
Great go-to spot. Solid, affordable comfort foods with quick service. Bring cash!
Best soup dumplings! Delicious food. Beef and string beans, noodles everything is delicious. Service was fast and friendly. If possible I would like to visit again.
Proper soup dumplings on a good block of Flushing to go food hopping. I would recommend getting a couple of steamed ones and definitely give the fried ones a go. The fried ones will take a pretty long time, and the wait to sit is usually quite long which is the downside of the spot. Also, pretty important to note that this is a cash only spot.
Got the pancake and not really a fan. As someone who has the original before, this is a little too salty at various spots in the bite (seems like the salt weren't mix in well during the process) and it was too doughy in the middle (taste like the dough was under cooked while the outside is crunchily good). Got the pork chop noodle, which I'm also not a fan of. The pork chop came separate and it's super oily. The only thing that came out well is the Seafood Noodle, which also went a little on the salty side.
My favorite spot for soup dumplings! Too bad it isn't in the city or I'd be here very often. The pork soup dumplings are my favorite here - piping hot soup in a thin wrap with pork. The pancakes and the udon are my next go to orders. I also tried the shanghainese shu mai; almost a sticky rice dumpling. Nice to try but don't think I'll order again.
Soy milk was good (it's sweetened).Xiao long bao was good. Came out fresh and hot (they won't taste good if they have been sitting for a while).Sheng jian bao had too much bread compared to the amount of meat inside (e.g., meat to bread ratio too low).Overall pretty authentic but it's weird they also mention they have northern dishes right under the store sign which makes me question the authenticity.
Really good scallion pancake- nice crisp, good thickness and moist inside. pea shoots were tasty maybe a bit oily and salty but good. nice xiaolong bao skin. The cloth on the bottom of the steamer is fabric and makes the transfer much smoother. Good salty bean curd and milk.
Wonderful service,  the staff was very friendly. I recommend everyone to stop by for a quick bite
Really fair pricing for better Chinese food than Chinatown!Loved the beef scallion pancakes and Shao Mai. The skin of the shao mai was really thin just how I like it and the sticky rice tasted really good. Unfortunately didn't have a chance to eat the xiaolongbao because my friend doesn't eat pork, but I'll definitely be back!The seafood crispy noodles were a disappointment though. They were very bland in flavor. The fish and noodles were good, just lacked flavor.
Nan XiangNY Queens Flushing12pm Friday 23rd September 2016Four StarsIt was good but not that good. Tiffany tried to convince me that they had a Michelin Star but I am pretty sure their B food safety rating would automatically eliminate them from contention. They are however Michelin recommended which holds some but not very much significance. We were seated immediately. The warm soy milk was too Asian for me. The sticky rice with Chinese minced beef jerky was good. The beef noodle soup had some amazing noodles. They were thick, chewy, and fresh. The small strips of beef were dry and mediocre.  I want these noodles with Xi'an Foods Spicy Tingly Beef.  Today's the Soup Dumplings were good.  The wrappers were a bit fat and soggy but they were pretty thin.  The junction at the top was very thick and chewy.  The meat had a nice combination of fatty and lean meat. The soup was warm and delicious. The service was decent.
Authentic and delicious at the right price with extra props to their crab and pork soup dumplings and spicy beef noodle soup. Convenient metered parking lot across the street.
Good eats! Very popular spot for soup dumplings, noodle soup, scallion pancakes and other delicious dishes. Staff is friendly and quick to get food on the table.
Favorite and best for soup dumplings. Can't go wrong here. I've been at least a dozen times. Sometimes they forget my order, take too long to take my order or give us a receipt. I get they are always busy. I still go for the great food.
Not incredibly sure if it's worth the hype--but you definitely cannot go wrong with a visit here. I really only came from the rave reviews and the nice Michelin man welcoming me in on the window, but I wasn't disappointed. My pork dumplings were fresh and tasty, and maybe not the best I've ever had, but very good nonetheless. They were pretty busy so I was happy to have gotten a table on a Friday night. Service was no frills, quick, and dependable. A really good choice for some Asian food.
I been wanting to come here and never did because of the long lines. So my boyfriend and I were meeting friends around the area. Before that, we wanted to grab something before meeting them. When we went in, the lines were okay , not to bad. So we got our number and was told that it will be 10 mins wait. That's not bad at all. So we waited and waited for about 20 mins and we were still not seated. So they called number by number order  and suddenly skipped our number. We were like WTH and asked them what about us.  They told us because there was only two of us so we have to wait for a little bit. WTH. I do not understand the long lines. They were few tables that were empty and don't understand why can't we be seated. Anyway, not to long after we got our seat after 30 mins of wait and we were told 10 mins. So whatever, I'm just excited to try the xiao long bao and other stuff. The service is so terrible. The server was so rude, I asked for hot tea and he said I have to order first. WTH lol. I cant read Chinese character and  on the menu it didn't said unsweetened soy Milk so I  asked the server if there's any unsweetened soy milk.  I don't know if the server tried to be smart ass or what not and he told me to look at the menu. Wth lol. Whatever I'm hungry, so we ordered  crab and pork xiao long bao, beef pancakes, some handmade dumpling and rice shumai. To be honest, this place is so overatted. The food is okay and not that great but it's CHEAP tho. I saw a lot of good reviews and I was expecting more but I am not WOW. Maybe when the Chinese restautants gets popular the quality sucks more. Will I come back again? No, thank you. I rather go to the food court instead. The place is overcrowded and felt cramped when we waited inside. So uncomfortable.
Always packed here but i must say i love their soup dumplings and im very picky about my pan fried dumplings but here its great!
Came here for a snack and ended up devouring a full meal - I don't regret it the least bit. Ordered the scallion pancakes, pan-fried noodles, fried dough, and way too many soup dumplings. Everything was hot and delicious. Both service and prices are classic Chinatown, lackluster but cheap. I typically just go to Manhattan's Chinatown to get my Chinese food fix, but this place is worth trekking to Flushing for. It's a cheaper version of Joe's Shanghai, essentially!
I've been here several times, from Brooklyn, and it is worth the long drive. During peak hours there is a line so be prepared to wait. I really like their varied menu and their soy milk-I've been told that it's actually made on the premises. My favorite items are the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, ALL the buns and Shao Mai. You can't go wrong coming here.
My hubby and I live in Brooklyn, and the subway ride to Flushing, Queens is a schlep--one we happily make for Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. We recently met a couple of friends there and the four of us shared steamed pork buns, steamed crab meat & pork buns, handmade dumplings, seafood crispy noodle, and scallion pancake with sliced beef. Everything was freshly made, absolutely delicious, and the prices couldn't be more affordable. My only less-than-happy constructive criticism would be for the restaurant to do a better job of keeping the bathrooms clean--they were, hands-down, the filthiest restaurant bathrooms I've ever seen.
We saw all the great reviews and just had to try it, and were greatly disappointed. There were some great dishes, but overall the food was bad enough that we will not be returning. Both the sweet and salty soy milk were okay. STAY AWAY from the fried bun with chives & egg, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, and chicken with wine sauce (was not even cooked all the way!). Some of our party liked the vegetable dim sum, but majority of us found it a great disappointment. We absolutely loved the scallion pancake, jellyfish with radish, and crispy noodle with beef. The service was great, but the staff do not speak great English.
The positive I enjoyed the crab and pork soup dumplings they were well made, and you could watch them being made to order by a couple female chefs in a room near the dining room. The scallion and beef pancake was yummy but the sauce inside was a bit on the thick side for me. I was not a fan of the Shao mai at all. The service here was absolutely terrible and the waiter were beyond rude and dismissive. We sat promptly and it took us over 10 minutes to finally get someone to come back and help us, mostly because the hostess saw us looking around for help and yelled from the hostess stand if we wanted to order. The place was empty which made no sense as to why it took so long. The dumpling were good, I don't know if I'd say they were the best in New York, but the service definitely doesn't have me wanting to come back.
Best Soup Dumplings in the city, don't tell anyone cause lines get long.  Hot Soy Milk is great and plate of pure gluten is even better.
The food is a solid 3.5, the zombie quality service and cleanliness last time I was in drops it down to 2.For a long time this was my classic spot for xiao long bao. My last visit though, the quality of both the pork and pork/crab soup dumplings were just ok. The wrapper should be thin and with ideally 18 folds, these XLB were thicker and doughier and made for a chewy rather than silken texture. The soup and fillings inside were above average. Michelin and other guides point this restaurant out for soup dumplings, and I would agree that this place is still currently one of the best places in NYC for them given the soup quality and the low price. I pretty much liked most other items on the menu better than the XLB here tho. The food is very inexpensive and this place stays open later than most during the week, so I'll probably return and just skip the XLB next time I'm in the area.Other notes: -Grab a ticket number inside and head back outside to wait.-Buy a drink, the water is comparable to pond water.-Brace yourself for shit table service.-Cash only.
The soup dumplings may be almost the best in Flushing but finding parking around here and service makes it difficult to fully enjoy the food there. The main draw here are no doubt the soup dumplings. They will usually only have that and a few other smaller dishes...at least morning and the day. If you want a sit down classic Chinese sharing meal with plates of food, then look elsewhere. If you crave soup dumplings and other small dishes, this is the place. The only gripe I have with this place is the service. The lady in front isn't the nicest person and sometimes really grouchy but don't let her get to you, that's just how some people are. Once you are seated down, it's all up hill from there. Note: There are 2 types of soup dumplings. 1: Classic Pork. 2: Shredded Crab Meat. And one order contains around 6 dumplings  Your first time? Grab an order of both...unless your allergic, then get the other one. Enjoy!
I practically come here every time I go to Flushing now(5ish times in the past 6 months)..... Items you MUST order: Scallion Pancake W/ SLICED BEEF & Wontons in spicy peanut sauce(not wontons in soup)...havent had that.Can't get enough x3
Cheap and good. The soup buns are only $6!!! The inside is cool as well, you can see them making the food and it's pretty big, 3 sections total. I always get their ice soy milk and the fried rice. Nice place to eat good Chinese food, great place!
We love their juicy bun and their hot soy bean milk. But  find their other noodle dishes very greasy. Their cold selections of appetitors are delish.   I was a bit  shocked that they don't have rice dishes. Ask if they can prepare cook it and told that they only cook what's on the menu.  I will only  go back because my husband loves their juicy bun. Do not expect good service.
Service IS HORRIBLE.food is decent.  got 2 Xiao lung bar (one pork and one with crab meat). skin was not too thick and was able to hold a lot of soup and moist meaty filling.  tripe and beef was delicious and numbingly spicy.  sweet rice dumplings were also good.so why 2 stars?  we got a soy milk drink and when they brought it, there were food on the lid.  what did they do? wiped it out with their hands in front of us and walked away as if nothing happened.  when we asked questions they either avoid us or come to us in an annoyed facial expression.after we ate and paid, they actually stopped us asking for more tips....we had tipped them the amount we thought appropriate for their lack of service, if they want more tips, then please act the role of a good server, smile, and do a better serving job!even if the food is decent, with this kind of attitude and service, I would rather never come again.
I've been eating Chinese food my whole life in the nj/ny area. This is by far the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. I was in the flushing area of queens for a concert and went to yelp to find some food for a late dinner. Im glad I decided to come here. We ordered crab dumplings, seafood soup, and pork in fried noodles. Now they make all the pasta for the noodles and the dumplings in house, and you can tell. The dumplings tasted so fresh and delicious we didn't even need soy sauce for dipping. Im used to jersey dumplings where the pasta is almost rubbery. These dumplings where lite and melted in our mouths. The broth for the soup was phenomenal, even better than a typical ramen place. The seafood in the soup was very fresh tasting and the shrimp was perfectly cooked. There was noodles in the soup and my wife finished them all that's how I know the pasta was great because she didn't typically eat carbs. There was other fish in there but we didn't know what kind, but it was still great. My pork and noodle dish was perfect, not to saucy and gunky like your typical Chinese take out place. This place has long lines and 90% of the people who eat there are asian so you know its great authentic food. If your in the area and hungry def try this place you won't regret it.
Get the soup dumplings! I advise you to order the spup dumplings Asap. I ususally order them first and order rhe rest of my food afterwards because of the long wait time for the soup dumplings.
I feel other reviewers have done a great job expressing how great the soup dumplings are, haven't seen enough praise for the beef chive pancake- they use a great sauce with it and its truly amazing. Also I don't understand what everyone is talking about in regards to the wait. I have been a few times and it wasn't an issue. I went even today in peak waiting time on a holiday and we waited about 10-15 minutes but it was very organized and the staff very attentive and helpful. Not only the best dimsum in Flushing but the best in NYC.
Decent Chinese joint in Flushing that is open late.Everything is pretty average here and I usually stick with the small plate choices that they have in the prepped food trays.  I like the fact that they have a decent amount of choices.  Although, somehow I always end up getting similar things...The XLB and dumplings here are ok; nothing out of this world. I ordered fried dumplings that came out within seconds.  I mean it literally.  Seconds... Were they really for someone else...?  Didn't care.  Ate them anyway.Service is pretty sparse and you may have to throw a spoon at someone to get a little love and attention.  Don't worry.  Spoons are plastic.  Ain't gonna hurt nobody...
This is my first time to eat Shanghai food. Xiao long bao is very special. I think I might come back.
If you are in queens or willing to go there this is a must ! The wait can be long at times but well worth it ! The soup dumplings - both steamed and fried - are delicious.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and there was a 15-20 mins wait for a party of 3. We ordered 1 pork soup dumplings, 1 crab meat with pork soup dumpling, Shanghai Shao mai and Shanghai Pan fried U-don to share. The Shanghai Pan fried U-don came out within 5 mins after placing our order whereas the soup dumplings took over 30-35 mins to come out. I understand that the soup dumpling takes longer to cook but there was another party of 8 that place their orders after I did and received their soup dumplings first. Everything was alright but I've had better soup dumplings else where. I would not recommend the Shanghai Shao Mai because the shrimp pasta made it taste a bit off.
As with many of the busy places in Flushing, the food is stellar but the service subpar. The waiters and waitresses aren't the nicest or friendly, but dude, THOSE SOUP DUMPLINGS! Little hot pockets of soupy happiness that will make you forget about that surly host. Don't go during prime time because you'll always wait. We've gone a few times Friday around 8:30pm and easily snag a table for two. Spicy shredded beef noodles in soup, pan fried pork buns (YUM!), dumplings, and stir fried Shanghainese style rice cakes are our go-to :)
Came in after seeing they had a little following on yelp.   Went with Soup dumplings and noodles.   Both were great with a nice scoop of chili paste.    Prices are reasonable and service is friendly
Delicious Xiao Long Bao. Waitresses are very attentive and prices are reasonable. I will definitely be back on my next trip to NY
Soup dumpling is definitely a recommended dish here.  We tried this and could not stop on just two case and had to order more.  Great place. Very busy at night so I do recommend to drop in reserve at once.  I don't think they accept phone reservation but I would recommend to call in to check the statues before going.
Best soup dumplings around. Every time I'm in NY I stop by here. They are open early and late too. 6 pork soup dumplings for $5.95 and the ones with crab for $1 more. I've also had their soy milk cold and it is really good too. Not too sweet with too much sugar. The scallion pancake is also really good. Overall they are preparing good food and for a good price too.
Legit xiao long bao and northern Chinese food. Was quoted a 25 min wait on a weekend for lunch but ended up waiting only 10 minutes for table of 2. Service is quick but they seemed short staffed so there were quite a few tables empty even with a line outside. We ordered:Hot soy bean milk in both sweet and salty. I grew up drinking sweet soy bean milk so it hit the spot. I never tried the salty version before which came with the fried dough that you usually eat with congee floating in it. It has the same consistency as the sweet soy bean milk but just blander, it was salty at all. Pan fried udon - I love Shanghai noodles because they're not too salty and the fact that the noodles are nice and chewy. The dish was mainly noodles with a little pork and bok choy mixed in. Shanghai siumai - these are siu mai with rice inside instead of pork and shrimp. I've never tried this version and actually prefer it over the dim sum version. Replace scallion pancake and beef scallion pancake - both good but I preferred the regular pancake without the beef. Xiao long bao - very good, came with 6 pieces
The best soup dumplings in NY. Skin is super thin and holds the soup. Our go to order is the pork soup dumplings, garlic cucumber, spicy beef tendon, pan fried pork buns, and beef and chili pepper noodle soup. Service is quick but not the friendliest - they just want you in and out. Expect a wait on the weekends. Cash only.
My favorite soup dumpling place of all time. It is cheap, quick and delicious! Highly recommend the Shanghai pan udon and the scallion pancakes with beef along with the soup dumplings. I always have a good meal here, and it never lets me down. I would say try not to go on sundays since it does get very busy here and there can be a line!
Food still great but get rid of the cashier girl. Her apathy and lack of class is beyond rude and annoying.
Like so many people I came here for the soup dumplings. Being a big fan of Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings, I decided to give it a try because my friend said they were better than Joe's. I thought the dumplings were as good but not necessarily better. In other words, they were delicious!! And I would recommend getting the soup dumplings here. I also ordered pan fried dumplings, which were good but not as good as the soup dumplings. I believe this place also got a Michelin mention. So expects lines. I'm giving four stars for the dumplings. The broth inside was very flavorful. It's definitely worth checking out.
Yummy Taiwanese breakfast style place, but expect a long wait on weekends. I love that it has savory soy milk, fried oil sticks, and soup buns. The main star of the this place are the soup buns, of which my favorite would be the crab & pork ones. The soup is delicious and the meat is tender, while the skin is nice and thing, but not broken.The savory soy milk is regular hot soy milk with vinegar to curdle like tofu, then various fixings are added in. I like to get an extra order of the fried oil sticks and dip them into my soy milk. This should also be done if you order a bowl of the sweet soy milk.I enjoyed the beef wrapped in fried scallion pancake with an oyster sauce. The only issue with ordering this is that I always feel like a ball of oil afterwards. The little random cold dishes are a hit or a miss. I've had the cucumber which is nice, but kind of soggy. The wood ear mushrooms are delicious.
Oh hello delicious soup dumplings. Nan Xiang is my all time favorite joint to get soup dumplings. They're consistently well made (if you dine in the main area, you can watch the pros make 'em) - never overly salted, because let's face it, too much salt will kill a meal; good meat to wrapper ratio; and the soup...so good.Their scallion pancakes with beef are quite tasty as well. They're especially good with the garlicky cucumbers in the side. The cucs are refreshing compared to the (greasy) scallion pancakes. The only downfall is that you have to wait a while for the soup dumplings to come out! But that's what you get for great quality.
I was looking for soup dumpling near me. Foods are very reliable price and taste was greet! I will definitely come back
The last two times my boyfriend and I visited Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao we were pretty satisfied with the service and the food quality, but third time wasn't a charm. We came around 2-3PM on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded, nor busy. They usually give customers a number while they are waiting to be called, but we didn't receive any number until 5-10 minutes at the restaurant. We sat in a different dining area/section that we typically do. We knew exactly what we wanted to order, so we ordered away. Other customers after us were sitting a few tables away from us too, but they all received their orders faster than we did. We were already starving, but after 15-20 minutes (already 2:30PM-2:45PM) our food still didn't come not even my cold soy milk which doesn't take any time to make, as I've ordered soy milk before. We flagged down our waitress to ask her about our food and my boyfriend told her that everyone that came at the same time we did or after got all of their food except for us. We tried to flag down someone that appeared managerial, but his back was turned to us most of the time. Our waitress didn't have a real reason as to what caused our food to take forever and she also seemed to be avoiding us.The third or fourth time she came to our table, she brought a plate of garlic cucumbers as a sign of an apology, but it didn't help much and we also didn't eat it. After a 30-45 minute wait, my soy milk and our rice cake, soup dumplings, and scallion pancake finally arrived! The food was good quality as always, but honestly I lost my appetite after a major delay in our food arriving to our table. I am quite sure that our waitress put in our order late or gave some of our food to another table, as the other customers looked more like tourists. I used to like coming here for good soup dumplings, but after this service and experience - no more.
The soup dumplings and noodles are to die for! Their scallion pancakes are also amazing!!!!! Actually everything here is amazing and cheap! Whenever I come I order a bunch of different things and share it amongst the table so we all get to try something new! Absolutely love coming to this place! Also there is a municipal parking lot across the street which makes this location very convenient!
I do like the menu with pictures, and the restaurant is spacious.The Xiao Long Baos here are a little bigger than the ones I'm use to. Just a tad, and they are juicier. For the average price of $1/piece. They come in an order of 6, instead of 10, which is nice. The tongs are a nice touch.The beef noodle soup lacks in taste and the noodles texture/type didn't go well to bring the experience together. I would have preferred a thicker noodle (maybe torn noodles) and a richer broth. I've had Mama Lu's, ROC, and 101 Noodle Express to name the larger Taiwanese chains to compare Beef Noodle Soup (from Los Angeles). The green beans in the soup was confusing. Maybe it's a variation I just wasn't use to.I ordered the Soy Milk with the Youtiao --for a typical Taiwanese experience. But the Hot Soy Milk...didn't taste fresh (maybe a porcelain bowl would have made it taste better --I don't make sense as it spilled on me when I tried to drink it). Come here for the Xiao Long Baos ---but Flushing has so many places selling them, I'm not sure you need to stop by this place for them.Verdict: 3.5 stars, but I feel the Beef Noodle Soup could be so much better. --it's a Taiwanese Staple!
Came in the morning and gladly saw only one person ahead of me. I asked the Lady in the front for a table of one And she nodded. I waited for about 15 min. Until someone Else came in And ask for a table of two and the lady at the desk and gave them a ticket number. So I asked her if I should have gotten One too but she kind of just ignored me. The service is not that great. It took forever to get Me seated and even longer for the food to come. I got The soup dumplings, which were fairly good but i wouldn't come Back just for it.
I heard about this place for soup buns. Everyone said try this place and I finally did. The place is small. I got there at 2:45 and there was people waiting to get a table. Restaurant is cash only. Waited 15 mins. Ordered soup buns one pork and one crab meat with pork. Very very tasty. The crab meat better than the pork buns. Also we ordered seafood pan fried udon noodles and a ordered of veggie dumplings. The noodles portion was small but tasty. The veggie dumplings needed additional seasoning. A lot of greens in veggie dumplings. Very plain. I should've gotten another crab/pork soup bun. I definitely would come back.
Nan Xiang is my favorite Xiao Long Bao spot in Flushing. The service is pretty good even when the restaurant itself is packed. We got a dozen of the crab meat ones, the pan fried dumplings, and the scallion pancake. The price for all of that was fairly cheap as well! I'll be back very soon.
I was brought here by a friend who swore by their soup dumplings. I would imagine a restaurant with "Xiao Long Bao" in their name MUST have the audacity to really know how to make a killer XLB. Anyways, it was Friday night at 6:00PM and there was a half full (or half empty - whatever floats your boat) restaurant. Our party of 4 was greeted by the kind host (who can speak English and Chinese) who also sat us down.When you come to a place with "Xiao Long Bao" as part of the restaurants name you are basically forced to try their signature dish. Wow. These were the soupiest soup dumplings I've tried in the NYC area. I was "wowed" - which normally takes a lot for someone like me. if you've read my other reviews I on dim sum or soup dumplings I've given nearly everyone a 3. Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao surpasses those restaurants and earned itself a 4. Why not a 5? I wasn't "wowed" by the service or cleanliness of the restaurant. Though the cleanliness is enough to be acceptable by the Health Department, it seemed like the back of the house was kind of dirty (concerning for a health freak like me). In addition the service was sub par for a relatively easy Friday night. We ordered the scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, and crab soup dumplings and it took what felt like 20-30 minutes. Besides the slow service and the unsanitary appearance, the food was absolutely amazing. I am definitely coming back to show friends!
I don't think this is the best soup dumplings, but they're definitely very good. I think I have an issue with the fact that they're not hot enough when they're served. So the soup starts to coagulate and doesn't taste as good. The scallion pancake with beef is definitely a must. They also serve tao foo fah aka taho for Filipinos. I think it's listed as a soft soy bean curd. Cash only but don't expect to be spending too much as everything is pretty cheap!
Quality of the restaurant differs from time. Today I went there I could barely finish a order of their soup dumplings I can usually finish two orders easy. Customer service is ok at time and other times are below standard. Best dish here is the soup dumplings and good soy bean milk
The level of consistency here is pretty amazing - I had this like 6 years ago and had a similar solid experience. Get the pork soup dumplings and scallion fried pancakes. Make sure to eat the dumplings the authentic way by dipping it in the black vinegar, holding it in a spoon, and drinking the soup. Service is what you'd expect from a Chinatown joint and it's cash only but we're here for the food.
It's really hard to not order everything off the menu here - everything is freshly made and super authentic. Don't be scared off by a line, the wait moves very quickly and it only took about 20 minutes to be seated on the weekend. Definitely do not pass on the soup dumplings - get several orders! They are the best I've had in NYC and maybe all of America... I also loved the salty sticky rice rolls (fan tuan), spicy beef & tripe, and the stir fried rice cakes with chicken. The iced soy milk is also super tasty. All the food here brings me back to my visits to Shanghai, and the prices aren't too inflated either. Service might be a little slow/hard to grab their attention as with many Chinese restaurants, so don't be afraid to speak up if you need something.Highly recommend!!
Definitely must try. We went and not one server spoke english so we just pointed at things and they brought them to us. The power of hand gestures. Everything was fresh, piping hot, and delicious. The service, friendly, even with the language barrier. The place stays packed, so expect a few mins wait. Its totally worth the wait. And then our check came and we thought it was a mistake. We couldn't read the language so we told her,  we ate so much, this can't be right. Turns out, it was correct. Sooo cheap, and immediately added to our rotation. Don't know how they do it, but we're mighty happy they're doing it.
I came here twice with people who heard how hype this place was. I came and left both times in a disappointment. Xiao Long Bao was average, didn't find the soup to be tasty. Shanghai noodles: the noodles were very firm and salty.Scallion pancake: was crispy (the only thing I kinda like)Cold beef flank and slice meat: was good. It had enough spice to it. I wouldn't get out of my way to come to this particular establishment.
Went here after work to have dinner with a few close friends. In the cold weather winter we were in a mood for soup dumplings. This place offers two versions of soup dumplings. One is just pork and the other is pork and crab. We decided to try both to see which one we liked better. All of us agreed that the pork and crab soup dumplings had a more rich and complex flavor than the pork ones. We decided to order another two rounds of the pork and crab soup dumplings. Of course to eat soup dumplings, don't make the rookie mistake of biting into the dumpling. Make sure you rest the soup dumpling in your soup spoon and use your chopstick to poke a hole in dough of the dumpling to let the broth seep out into the spoon. Then sip the soup until the dumpling is empty and finally eat the dumpling. I only docked the place a star since they don't have a huge selection of other dishes in addition to the soup dumplings. Service is okay, but could be better.
One of the most reviewed and well rated restaurants in downtown Flushing - decided to meet up with my aunt for a catch up early dinner before the rush. Our eyes were definitely bigger than our stomachs but since everything was so fairly priced, we sampled a little bit of everything. Cold sweet soy milk - authentic Chinese soy milk, nothing like the boxed stuffs in the American grocery stores. Smooth and chilled - thirst quenching! Crab and pork soup dumplings - best of the best! Fist sized - stuffed with fillings, so so juicy, and bursting of flavors. Pan fried dumplings - these weren't served until we were half way through all the other foods but they were definitely worth the wait. The pan fried skin - crispy yet chewy. The filling again was stuffed! Shanghainese noodle - a bit too greasy but still very yummy. The noodle was perfectly chewy. There were lots of veggies and shredded pork mixed within. Beef scallion rolls - too much of the sweet soy sauce. The beef was a bit tough. Not as good as ones I had in other shanghainese restaurants. Red bean puffs - we weren't sure what to expect based on the Chinese and English name. Tiny sweet bean filled puff pastries - the skin was a little too thick, filling was lacking the sweet red beans. Nice try but wouldn't get them again. Overall -  Service was standard Chinese. Foods were for the majority hits! Traditional shanghainese cuisine done right.
Very horrible service.Waitress is horrible and no manners. Bad experience on Chinese New Year Day!Shorty after, 2 guys look like from NY Dept walked in and told all the customers to leave immediately and do not worry about the bill.
This joint serves Shanghai style dim sum. They don't have the steel carts being wheeled around. However what they do have are pre-prepared cold dishes you can find in most of the Shanghai-nese restaurants. In addition, they also have the traditional dumpling fare including soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, dumpling soup. I'm a fan of wheat based Chinese foods, so this was a nice fit.If you're really looking for the traditional Chinese breakfast, especially in the north - try the fried dough with warm soy milk and add a side of salt soy bean curd.
Came back again today for lunch, and I must say that the visit was perfect. We ordered one streamed pork bun, pan fried pork bun, scallion pancake with sliced beef, braised beef noodle soup, and rice cake with shredded pork and preserved mustard to go. This was my first time ordering the beef noodle soup, and it's great I did. The soup was tasty and not very spicy (despite the intense red color), the noodles weren't overlooked and the beef was very tender.Instead of ordering too much and getting too full like last time, I took it slower. I also didn't eat more than two bites of the scallion pancake because too much oil makes my stomach hurt.In addition to avoiding a stomachache, the service was also very pleasant. Though the interactions were brisk and efficient -- as they typically are when eating at authentic Chinese restaurants -- the wait staff was pleasant. My girlfriend and I waited a bit for water because the restaurant ran out of clean cups, but the waiter seemed apologetic. It was all good. Five stars for this visit!
I heard this place was famous and my boyfriend was very eager to take me here. I always had the rule of thumb that you would know if the restaurant is good and authentic if you look at their clientele. That being said, it looks like they are more catered to the general american public. we ordered the the pork soup dumpling, vegetable dumpling and their beef pancake. Pork soup dumpling - good and savory but only for the first couple of dumplings until the pork "after taste" comes. Vegetable dumpling - it was very dry and bland. Beef pancakes - definitely have had better. The beef cut was too thick and dry, the pancake itself is too thick and they smothered it  with sauce to try to hide the "dryness" of it. I wish I could recommend another place close by but if ever you find yourself in Los Angeles Califonia, 101 Noodle in San Gabriel Valley will surely hit the spot for beef pancakes - Din Tai Fung will satisfy your soup dumpling cravings.
Four of us came here on Sunday for lunch around 1130 and didn't have to wait for a table. Got seated in the main dining area when you walk in. Although, it seems they've expanded quite a lot over the years..We ordered two baskets of Xiao long Bao and a handful of other side dishes. (A bit too much food to be honest) while all the dishes came reasonably quick; the Xiao Long Bao took a while. So try not to fill up on the small appetizers. Overall, everything tasted great and was reasonably priced. The one star lost is due to the lackluster service and you kind of get the feeling they are just trying to turn as many tables as possible.
I come here with my brother often but not as often as we used to. We order udon noodles, beef roll and two orders of pork soup dumplings. It's reasonably priced and the staff are quite courteous.
Love their soup dumplings and it's cheap..it's a CASH ONLY place. And people complain about servers not being friendly. But I don't care I'm not trying to be their friend just pass me the soup dumplings so I can eat
I love soup dumpings and this place does not dissapoint. I remember coming here as a kid with my grandparents and we would get the soup dumplings, beef scallion pancake, fried dough and sweet soymilk. That would be the best breakfast ever! I've come here a few times this past year, and I've noticed that they don't make the beef scallion pancake as well as they used to, but it's still good. If you ever come to flushing, this place is a must try. The soup dumplings is juicy and delicious and the soymilk just makes everything better. Must try!
I try their soup dumping during their first few months of opening. That was really really good! The outer layer was very thin, but just enough to hold the filling when you pick up the   dumping and put it on your spoon. The service was good, the cashier was nice. So they should have my 5 stars...Until people start waiting, and they become famous...Now, I get attitude from the waiter or waitress when take more than few minute to order. The soup dumping outer layer is so thick. I actually talk to the manager about that, and he respond that the thick layer will be easy for most of the people eat it without losing any soup. And I don't really believe it. That's should be easy for them to make the thick layer instead of the thin layer.One good thing is they still able to keep the taste for the soup dumping. For other foods, the taste is about standard or maybe even below standard. But who cares, I believe people come here are for the soup dumping only.One last tip for everyone, don't order the crab meat soup dumping. The reason is they don't put much crab meat and there is no big difference and you can't really tell. So don't order the "over price" crab meat one, just stick with the regular one.
I like to come here after getting a happy ending cus it really is like the icing on the cake or cherry on the whatever they say.
Came here last night around 7:15pm with my girlfriend and it appeared to be quite busy. We were first on waiting list and just stood off to the side of the counter after being told we could sit next. Then another couple came in and got seated before us! We asked the hostess why they seated them first after we had came in first and she said "I don't know" then I asked her in mandarin she suddenly seated us a table immediately which was empty the entire time. Last night we got the pork soup dumplings, crab pork soup dumplings (had literally crab shells in them which I had to pull out), scallion pancake with beef, fried bean gluten (looked old), and the spicy beef noodle soup (shouldn't have ordered). After putting in our order our food came pretty quick but they gave us the wrong scallion pancake so we had to send that back. Overall, I'm only coming here for the scallion pancake with beef and the prices are great, but that's not even worth the under average service. I'd rather go to their new competitor Shanghai You garden two blocks down for soup dumplings.
This spot is usually my go-to for XLB (Xiao Long Bao) and  I've been going here for quite some time but this bad review is for that particular waiter that usually works on the left section of the restaurant. Among a few things that we ordered was the scallion pancake with beef dish. When some of the food finally arrived to the table, he puts down the scallion pancake (only) dish. I notified him that wasn't what we ordered and he replied back (in mando) saying, "it was made already and I can't take it back but if you want to add in an order the scallion pancake with beef you can." (..!?) I've never gotten that customer service before where the waiter doesn't fix his own mistake and tell us to pay for another one. That's just very disappointing.
Came Friday right before noon and beat the busy lunch time rush. Good amount of seating and fast service. 1) steamed pork and crab soup dumplings - (5/5) the soup is very flavourful and the dumplings held a crazy amount of soup in them. One of the most delicious ones I've had2) beef noodle soup - (4/5) handmade noodles with clear flavour not too intense. Not very spicy which is perfect for me but watch the green peppers. Beef is very soft to he point of being too soft if that's possible. 3) beef pancakes - (4/5) great flavour and new take. The crust is like You Tiao and deliciously crunchy.
Solid food at great prices!! The XLB is perfect; the meat to soup ratio is spot on, and the dumpling skin is just the right thickness. An order comes with 6 and costs $5.95 (+$1 for crab+pork filling). The cold appetizers were delicious (try the fried bean gluten; trust me, it tastes way better than it sounds!) The noodles are average and not much better than ones you would get from a fast food joint. Skip this, and go for the items with the bizarre names.They also have a great breakfast menu, which we were allowed to order from at dinner time. The scallion pancake with sliced beef is the best I've ever had! A super crispy and flaky pancake with juicy, tender meat in the center. A little oily though, but that's prob why it tasted so damn good.-1 star for being cash only and for having flimsy, dirty laminated menus that have seen better days.
Unbelievable food... and you can eat the whole menu for $30.  I still dream of this place regularly.  Traveled from Suffolk county today.Pork buns, beef rice cake, cucumber salad, beef udon, scallion pancake, beef & chili pepper soup.
Came here after a long day of moving into my new apartment in Astoria! I think we came on an off day and time (lunch on Thursday at 3:45 PM, anyone?) so we were seated right away. I was with my Chinese-speaking family, so communicating and ordering with the wait staff was easy and enjoyable. I'm not sure if my experience would have changed were I not with my family, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt (they even asked to what family we had left in China/Taiwan, what they were up to... Chinese culture, y'all). We ordered our food, getting a shacha (Asian sauce) beef stir fry noodles, beef noodle soup, beef-green onion pancake roll, steamed char siu buns and a couple of soup dumpling orders to split in our party of four. Our orders actually took longer than expected, for there not being that many people in the restaurant but everything was solid and pretty authentic. I really liked the soup dumplings, get the pork and cabbage ones!! Probably some of the best I've had in New York. Unfortunately, they did forget the char siu buns that we'd ordered so we were left sitting at the end of our meal waiting for the buns... I think we waited about 15 minutes before my dad gave up and asked for the check. They asked if we wanted to wait a little bit and have the buns boxed and we could take them to go, but we declined. Overall good eating experience though, I'd go again if I were in Flushing but wouldn't make the long af trip out to Flushing to go again. Would recommend to anyone looking for Nan Xiang food (or authentic Chinese) in Flushing!
These soup dumplings are amazing. It is perfectly made each time and is packed with flavor. There are many restaurants in flushing who sells soup dumplings but this is the only place that really satisfies my soup dumpling needs. Absolutely a place to try out when you are in the area. The pork soup dumplings go for $6.50 for 6 which is a pretty solid deal. They have other great selections but I only get soup dumplings when coming here. The wait time is usually swole around 7-9 pm for dinner and 12-2 pm for lunch so get there alittle early to beat the line.
A no-frills dumpling and noodle joint that really hits the spot. The decor... well, there isn't any. And the great service... well, there isn't any of that either. But if you're looking for delicious Shanghai style noodles and dumplings that are made to order: this is the spot! I always order the shanghai pan fried noodles and the steamed pork dumplings. The pan fried dumplings are also good but I find the steamed to be more moist. The menu is very simple. A two-sided laminated sheet has some pictures and the back is the list with prices. They come around and refill your hot tea for free which is nice if you don't order a beer.Cash only is the only downside
Wow. Just wow. I've been going to Joe's for years, and I'm disappointed that I've never encountered this establishment. 13/10.Shanghai Pan Fried Udon ($6.95) 5/5 - the noodles were pretty greasy and kinda lacked flavor. But the bok choy mixed well with the noodles, and the small beef strips were a great addition. Definitely recommend due to its great price and amountScallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($3.95?) 7/5 - uhhhhhh get this please. no regretsShanghai Shao Mai ($2.95) 2/5 - tastes pretty bad, i don't recommend this to be honestCrab and pork soup dumplings ($6.95) 6/5 - tastes sooooooooo good. Make sure you eat this while it's hotI came here for the reviews, left with a full, satisfied stomach. Between 3 people, we all ended up only paying $10 each. Amazing. Life-changing. A revelation. Definitely going to come here at least 4 times a month
I was getting my car worked on in the area. Saw all the reviews on yelp so I decided to stop in. The place was pretty busy but I had no issues finding a seat. I ordered the crab & pork steamed bun and shao mai. It was real good. Hit the spot.  I'm coming back here with friends in a week or so to try some of their other items. Glad I found a new spot for grub. Also it doesn't hurt that it was inexpensive =)
A bit disappointed the last time was here. Xiao long bun, which are usually fresly made, steamy hot and juicy, were just average. I think the waiter waited too long to bring them to the table as they were cold when we got them. Don't expect much of a service, evdn though they have a lot of waiters and waitresses, it takes forever to call tgeir attention and get something. Other food is just average.
This is my go-to place for soup dumplings. Its perfect to eat them especially during the winter. It tastes even better when you pour soy sauce and a piece of ginger inside of the dumpling. I always order scallion pancakes and sprinkle sugar on them. Must try them!!
Short versionGood: Great XLB, tasty scallion pancakes, a variety of Shanghainese specialties. In general all their food is great.Bad: Cash only, service is hit or miss, long wait. Long versionThere is a great variety of food here. My father is from Shanghai and loves his Shanghainese breakfast food like salty soymilk and fried cruller. They do both very well here. Their scallion pancakes is also very good: crispy, fragrant, and good portion. The XLB is actually not the best I've ever had. That goes to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao. But these XLB are no slouch. The skin is not as thin but the meat is very flavorful. There's sufficient amount of soup in the bao. Unless you really, really like crab stay away from the crab XLB. It's not really worth the extra money for a small taste of crab meat. They have expanded but the wait is still sometimes ridiculous. Try to come on a weekday and bring cash... lots of it.
Delicious soup dumpling. I like the crab and pork way better than just the pork soup dumplings.
Finally came here for the first time on a Saturday around 4pm which is an odd time - too late for lunch and too early for dinner so there was no line! The soup dumplings were OK - the best I've ever had? No. Better than Joe's? I don't think so. But I do appreciate that these were bigger. Bigger dumplings = more soup! We also ordered a pan fried noodle dish with chicken. This was also just OK. Chicken was a bit dry and the noodles were more wet than crispy. Overall, just OK for a cheap and fast meal in Flushing.
Utterly fantastic. Great food, lots of choices, reasonably priced and very convenient. I was most impressed with the glutton tofu, oh my gosh! You can't tell it's tofu! Great pan fried noodles too. Big thumbs up!
Food comes almost immediately (dumplings take long though). Everything tastes really good, only thing that's kind of annoying is that it's cash only. Service is ok, not great especially not during peak hours. But that's normal, good place to grab a quick lunch.
Soy milk and You Tiao, chinese fried dough is the best combo for breakfast. It's one of the most traditional Chinese breakfast. I am also a big fan of chives pancake. Chive is a green vegetable with a special aroma. Since I don't eat red meat anymore, I don't order Xiao long bao anymore. I like to order the cold dishes, cucumber and seaweed, very refreshing. The price can't be more decent.
This place is legit. We finally had a chance to visit Flushing during our trip to NYC. We came to Nanxiang after eating at Joe's steamed rice rolls (which was also amazing). Although we were so full after Joe's, we still ordered 2 orders of XLB and pan fried pork buns. Not sure if this Nanxiang is affiliated with the OG one in Shanghai, this location doesn't disappoint if you are looking for authentic XLB and shanghainese food!
It was...okay. Scallion pancake just tasted like grease. Steamed buns and dumplings were okay...the broth was a little too fatty for my taste. Udon noodles were the best part.
Woke up early cause of day light saving so we went here for breakfast. OMG!!! It's delicious!!! Even our picky eater kids loved their soup dumplings. Will definitely be back!
I've been a regular here since they only had two store fronts and getting tables fri-sun nights were an absolute struggle. Glad to see they got another room to feed all their soup dumpling loving customers! I never been to a soup dumpling place better than nan xiao long bao and their cheap price seals the deal. I also usually get the lettuce and pork noodle soup but the size of the bowl shrunk since 4 years ago. But I honestly don't mind because you still get your money's worth. Service is not the best but I go for the food not the service Try their breakfast items too! I sometimes get the red bean puffs for dessert and they come out steaming hot and crispy.
Not as good as chinatown ones. Taste is not strong enough, just as normal as other street stores. Many ppl wait in line just cuz the famous name and long history. But I don't think it keep the performance standard hight
The soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes were A++. The pan fried dumplings bordered bad. Practically no meat inside. The Shanghai Shao Mai are apparently popular, but fell flat. But still, I can tell the place delivers with the Monday night crowd and large menu. And the two dishes that were better, I absolutely loved.
The food was okay   in comparison to the other restaurants in flushing.  The soup dumplings were the best thing from this place. The pan friend noodles are alright. The service was okay forgot to bring the dumplings but he was nice about it .  Besides that everything else was okay..
I have been here sooooo many times and I never leave disappointed. The service is very fast (unless they forget a part of your order, which has happened to me more than once and is the only reason why the lose a star). Order both flavors of soup dumplings (that's why you're there, right?), scallion pancakes, and rice cakes. None of the other dishes are worth your time. Quick service, extremely affordable, and delicious food. As they say in basketball, this place is a slam dunk!
If you ever have the chance to visit, you MUST order the beef pancake. It is soooo good!!! The hype about the soup dumplings are true, they melt nicely in your mouth and the flavors are wonderfully situated. Love the food here, soups, noodles etc.
I came here for dim sum thinking they have a lot of varieties to choose from but it wasn't the typical dim sum. The food was alright...nothing special. My friend and I came out full but not fully satisfied. While exploring the area, we were like we should have ate here or here or here.But it must be me...because this place gets really pack. Must be the noodle soup...that looks good. Didn't order it but it looked good.
This place seems to always be packed and it has a great reputation. The soup dumplings are really good and I'm a huge fan of the beef scallion pancakes. The service is pretty good and the prices are not bad.One downside I have, though, is that one out of the two times I've been here, my spoon smelled very very strongly of a bathroom odor. The second time, my spoon was fine but my friend's had that same smell. Even after asking for another spoon, it smelled the same. I'm not sure why no one else smells it, or maybe it just isn't as strong to them as it is to me.However, it did have an impact on my experience. The second time eating there was much better than the first.
Came here on a Saturday around 5:45 and didn't have to wait for a table for 2. We weren't super hungry, but wanted to eat something before we headed back to Manhattan. Service was meh - it took us forever to get seated because the hostess just seemed to ignore my presence for 5 minutes? The servers were nice, but not really attentive; we had a back table so we had to keep trying to flag their attention. We ordered: Cucumber and Garlic - this is the perfect appetizer when you want to order something lighter. The flavors are subtle, yet satisfying. The pickled cucumber reminds me of a home-cooked meal. We didn't expect it to be as good as it was.Scallion Pancake with Beef - a normal scallion pancake stuffed with beef and Peking duck sauce. You can't really go wrong with that combination, but I found that the whole thing just tasted like the sauce. Not bad, but not particularly impressive either. XLB - good, but not blow-your-mind good if you've had a lot of XLB in the past at places like Din Tai Fung. I've definitely have XLB with thinner skin before. The soup inside was flavorful.Total came to $20 after tip. I'll probably be back to fulfill any XLB cravings unless I find somewhere better.
Shhh-shh, it's okay. Nothing lasts forever.Nan Xiang is still an acceptable option - on par with Joe's Shanghai - for soup dumpling newbies wanting a 小籠包 experience that probably won't suck. The wildly popular restaurant has expanded into either of the spaces beside it, the menu is entirely in English with photos, and waitstaff are more than ready to jump in in English if your Chinese falters for a second.But as far as the *best* xiao long bao in NYC? Alas, no more. The xlb had always been inconsistent, but the majority of my visits are now disappointing. The dumplings are still huge, filled preposterously with lovely gelatinous broth... but the skins have been too thick, never as tender as they used to be. Considering an order is more expensive than others in the area, it's no longer worth it.I didn't mention in my last review that all the noodle dishes on the rest of the menu are actively bad. We used to order noodles here solely to fill up (can't eat a meal consisting only of soup dumplings!) but I realized eventually that I've literally never enjoyed them - bland, greasy, often just starch and sauce. I'm giving up.Once a bright spot on the menu, even the Taiwanese breakfast has become subpar. The 油條 (Chinese cruller) is half the size it used to be, the soy milk served tepid. The scallion pancake beef roll features a thoroughly blistered pancake, deep fried at such low temperatures that it's oil-logged. Worse, the paltry amount of sliced beef inside is an insult. I don't think beef needs to be the center of this dish, but come on, Nan Xiang, you've brought in tons of revenue from good press over the years. At least try to deserve it.They're still cash only, they're still busy no matter the time of day, and I'm sure they won't miss my business.
The food has been good 2 out of 3 times I've been here.My last eat was:crispy seafood noodlessteamed pork dumplingsFood is satisfying but not something to write home about.I wouldn't say these are the best soup dumplings but they taste very good.Waiters are there to only order your food and bring it to you. They don't check to see if you need anything more after that.Nan Xiang is open a bit later than other restaurants in the area, so its not a bad choice if you're out and want some decent food. Just don't expect great service.
Cash Only. Don't expect good service Stick w the soup dumpling and handmade (smaller 8 pcs) dumpling. I didnt like the Siomai-it's fake- rice and  no meat. Fgats dissappointing
Have been here a few times previously and went again this past week while in Flushing. Huge thunderstorm hit on a Wednesday evening so no lines which was a good thing. Had to order the XLB, the pan fried pork buns, the beef wrapped in scallion pancake, rice cake with pork and sour cabbage which are our go to dishes. All are very good but my favorites are the pan fried pork buns and the beef in scallion pancake...can't go wrong here although the service can be quite slow and they only take cash...so be ready
Came here for dim sum menu on a Sunday afternoon and was pleased with the food and flavors. This place is strictly about the food and you're in and out. You're not going here for decor or fancy linens, although they can improve on the area by the bathroom, where boxes were exposed to the customers that are seated nearby. The food comes out very fast and it would be helpful if they refilled your tea without having to ask for it or look for a server to refill my cup. The scallion beef pancake was delicious. The pork buns were good. The spicy beef noodle soup was amazing and so was the crunchy noodle seafood. I didn't have to wait long to get a table.
Shanghainese is our "flavor of the month" it seems.  Can't get enough of it.We were in the area and decided to try NX -- based on the stellar Yelp reviews.  Not much I can add after almost 2000 op-eds before mine -- other than to say I don't think the food was 4 or 5 star outstanding. The soup dumplings are definitely worth a taste -- they are flavorful, "soupy" and texturally perfect -- as advertised.  But the Shanghai shiao mai were very average (Shanghai in Ft. Lee yelp.com/biz/shanghai-re… does them far better -- more mushrooms, better texture and up tempo  seasoning).  The tea was little more than hot water. Disappointing in any Chinese restaurant.Service can be brusque and it is cash only -- probably why everything is so cheap -- and parking in the area is a bear on Sundays.  Our fried bun (more like empanada) with chives and egg was mostly chives with a dash of egg, lightly fried but with an unpleasant, burned oil after taste that lingered. The crispy noodles with beef and mushrooms was a pleasing study in contrasting texture and flavor - but the saucy beef and mushroom mixture was overly thickened with corn starch and set up unpleasantly with clumps of jello-like goo.If in the area, I would go back to NX for the XLB -- and maybe try a few other dishes -- but the limited menu and missteps will probably keep me in NJ or Chinatown when the Shanghainese mood strikes me.Top Tip:  Use the parking lot in the Prince Tower -- $6 bucks for 2 hours.  Better than municipal parking with little hassle.
Xiao Long Bao and Green Onion Pancakes pleasantly satisfied my party on a cold and rainy day. My party of seven had come mid-afternoon after flying into NYC. The rich broth was perfect for warming us up. The skin of the dumplings were tender while springy. The Bing (green onion pancakes) were quite oily, so I would not order it again. The staff refilled our tea plenty of times during our visit.
TL;DR--freaking amazing food. freaking horrible service. but you're not here for the ambiance, you're here for the foodGot seated pretty quick. No wait. To be expected as we were there ~10:30 on a Thursday morning. Still a decent crowd for that time of day though. I'm pretty new to the XLB game but I think I found the all time champs. The xiao long bao here are excellent. Even better than Din Tai Fung in my humble opinion. The crab in the xiao long bao is super generous and the dumplings themselves are rather big compared to other XLB places. They're stuffed full of a savory, perfectly seasoned generous pocket of meat with a deliciously soupy, body warming broth inside. Everything is so juicy; your eyes will roll to the back of your head when you take your first bite. A MUST GET for sure. If you absolutely have to pick between the two, get the plain pork XLB. While the lump crab flavor was excellent, I found the texture to be ever so slightly distracting from the overall mouth-feel. But I'm being nitpicky; just get both of them. Doesn't matter if you're eating by yourself, doesn't matter if you're already full, doesn't matter if you're broke. Just get both types. Worst case, Take it home and heat it up and relive the awesomeness again.   Other dishes we got: Scallion Pancake with Beef: I found a lot of people raving about this but I found it over-hyped. Yes, it was pretty good but would I order it over a second round of XLB? nah. The hoisin was just a little overpowering. The pastry a little too dry, especially paired with that type of meat. I think it was beef flank. Cooked that way, it tends to be dry and chewy. Maybe get it once to try it but I found myself wishing I had order more xiao long bao instead. We also got Fried Dumplings. My SO ordered this despite my reasoning that we were at a soup dumpling restaurant (the guy really loves his fried jiaozi). I regretted my protest after I tried one. I ended up fighting him for the last one. O.O. These fried dumplings are probably the best ones I've ever had. Incredibly crispy on the outside yet incredibly moist on the inside. They seem to have the same filling as the XLB so they have the same excellently seasoned meat. The best part? There was broth on the inside!!! Not as much as the XLB but holy crap, it elevated the dumpling. Imagine: biting into a crispy, perfectly doughy crust and then finding a small explosion of delicious pork and juice in your mouth. ;) I liked these almost as much as the xiao long bao.So yeah food's good. But service was not. I'd give service probably 1,5 stars. We saw our waitress maybe 3 times. Once to bring out tea, once to order food, and once when we got the food. Didn't see her to get our check. Had to get up and tackle someone else down (not really) but after awkwardly saying excuse me and raising my hand awkwardly for 35 minutes at various staff members, I really had to boogie out of there. But whatever, 5 star food and 1.5 star service doesn't equal 4 stars but whatever, food's that good!
This place is a slice of China right in the middle of NYC. This place is authentic Chinese food. Mostly dumplings, noodles, and dim sum. The service was fast and friendly, with a never-ending cup of Oolong tea. They had a deep selection of everything- we went for the crab dumplings, scallion pancakes, and seaweed salad. The seaweed salad was crispy and fresh, perfectly marinated. The scallion pancakes tasted like onion filled Indian fry bread. Crispy, sweet and perfect. We also got some smaller dumplings that seemed to be full of a grain, like bulghar. The prices were quite reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food. The restrooms were inoperable when we came. The waitress suggested that I go a few doors down to the liquor store.
The staff doesn't have a very good attitude toward customer, but their food is okay, they have pretty good breakfast
The noodle soup kicks ass and the prices are so good. I think the xiao long bao is a little weak compared to Joe's. But then Joe has a secret they put lard inside. Shhh...  Girls will like Joe's less usually because it is less greasy.
The food tastes great here!! But the service is BAD!!! No staff care about serving us hot tea! Our buns and shumai came in first, when we almost finished the buns and shumai, and after asking the waiter again and again, our soy milk finally came. Our appetizer-the cold dish came in last! We asked for our check, and again it took them so long to give us. The bad service ruined everything! It's not just a bummer, it's horrible experience!
This is my favorite xaolongbao in New York! (Walking distance from 7 Train)Fun hang out with your friends and slip on the juicy and flavorful dumplings. The place has three different parts for seating with so many different menus: cold appetizers, dumplings, and noodles.The people who work here are nice!! For first timer, they have English menu with pictures on one side and more menu on the other side. Also, if you are having trouble with anything, dumpling are really delicious and cheap!I usually get cold appetizer, spicy bamboo shoot! It has a sour and tangy flavor on top of spicy oily sauce. The main part is the soup dumpling. You have a choice between just pork or pork and crab meat. Both are so good! If I'm hungry or with many people, I get scallion pancake with beef. Oily and crispy outside with tangy yet oyster-y sauce and beef inside is something to start off your meal right.Service is not the best but you come here for the food not the service. There is usually a wait here if you come on Friday or weekend but usually it is not too long. Make sure you remember that "cash only" so bring enough money pay for your food!!
Best xiao long bao in nyc. Also the beef wrap was tk die for. Superpacked on sat. Get their a littlelater to get a seat.
Met friends here for dinner. I enjoyed the company certainly and the soup dumplings, and the price... but that's it. All other dishes were rather salty or oily. The staff were nice though so a definite plus!! We were also not bumping into the next table as it's common in flushing... Again a plus :-)
3.5 stars. Came here after hearing and reading about all the hype of this Michelin Recommended spot in Flushing. Ordered the scallion pancake with sliced beef, the spicy pork and vegetable wontons in peanut sauce, and the famous pork soup dumplings. The scallion pancake that so many on Yelp bragged about was disgusting - an overly greasy pile of dough with a razor thin slice of beef and some hoisin sauce. It was something you would get in a ghetto Americanized Chinese restaurant. However the bad food ended there. The spicy pork and vegetable wontons in peanut sauce were fantastic, and the sauce was the star of the dish - and not overly spicy. The pork soup dumplings (which every packed table ordered) was great. I'll split hairs here and say the dough was a tad too thick. You can actually see the soup broth in other soup dumplings offered at other places in Flushing. But these soup dumplings were big, super soupy, and is the reason why this place is known in the area. Cash only.
One of the best dumpling spots I've had in the city. Unless many places in Flushing or in the city, this place stays in touch with their Chinese roots. No fancy music, no overpriced bullshit, no over the top decorations to draw in people, just really good food for a good price. They have a very wide selection in their menu. I had a few different varieties of dumplings along with the steamed pork buns. It was all very good. The service was relatively quick and good as well. Highly recommend.
Although the food is pretty good the host at the front is extremely rude, she doesn't acknowledge you or welcome you when entering the restaurant. Also the cleanliness of this restaurant isn't very good, bathroom is disgusting, the top of soda cans are dirty, the floor need to be swept and mopped, and if you can see inside or the kitchen it isn't very clean either. Also this place only takes cash to avoid paying there fair amount of taxes so they are getting over on the government and the community.
This review is for the breakfast- namely the you tiao, fan tuan, dou jiang, sheng jian bao, and cong you bing. Being a Taiwanese-American, I simply LOVE Taiwanese breakfast, and there really aren't that many options in the area, so I found this place via yelp. The food is definitely quite good, and prices all reasonable. Only thing is I came at 10ish in the morning, and they didn't have any fan tuan or sheng jian bao available, so I ended up waiting 20 minutes for them. Cashier gave me a tip to call my order in ahead of time next time, which I did, and was very happy with it!TL;DR- call ahead for your breakfast orders otherwise you might wait for the yummy fan tuan and pan-fried dumplings!
Worst service ever. Ordered pan fried pork buns, took a bite into it and saw that the meat was RAW. Returned it expecting to get a new order. Receive my SAME order (bite mark still visible) just refried, and probably cooked with other buns. AT LEAST GIVE ME A NEW ORDER SINCE I COULDVE BEEN SEVERELY SICK WITH THE RAW MEAT YOU TRIED TO SERVE ME.Also refused to sit my family and i at a preferred table for 8, when the restaurant WAS COMPLETELY EMPTY AND NOT BUSY, and we didn't want to sit by the bathroom/kitchen.
This is my second time visiting this place and was the worst experience. Food is good. Service was horrible. We left the tip we did since all our server did was bring the food and was never to be seen again. The server was so quick to take the checkbook away after we put our cash in the checkbook.As we were about to leave, our lady server comes back to us in a nice tone that we didn't leave enough tip. This whole experience, she probably said less than 15 words to us. Her tone was especially nice when she found out our tip was not enough.I never write reviews on yelp. But this experience really made me mad that they would do that.Tip is for service. And overall our service was not great.Please do not demand tip from your customers.
Had to get the soup dumplings (they were very good 4/5).  Also had the pan fried dumplings (4/5), chicken in wine sauce (4/5), cucumber in garlic (5/5). Perhaps a little too authentic for western pallets, but plenty of options to satisfy everyone.
I love this place. I come here for the soup dumplings but I also love the beef pancakes and the spicy beef noodle soup. I fell in love with soup dumplings at din tai  fung here in Seattle and I ended up finding this gem of a place in NYC when I wanted my friends there to try them. I try to go to this place every time I'm in NY. The service is very professional, you'll get everything you ask for but don't expect smiling faces. Great food. Great price
The food was amazing. The pork soup dumplings was very juicy. Definitely a great place to go with family or luncheon with coworkers. Try the crab pork soup dumplings. Careful when eating though. The soup was burning hot inside the dumpling.
This rating is strictly for the beef noodle soup.  I found the noodles to be soggy and likely reboiled.  Arghhh   what a waste of noodles!  Can really make or break a bowl of beef noodle soup.  The soup was light and very enjoyable.  Nice and dark.  The beef was tender and broke apart easily.  Did not see tendon as an option.  I am willing to try again as they were packed.  This rating doesn't reflect their soup dumplings which are to die for.   Their soup dumplings and vegetarian steamed dumplings are top notch. But I came here strictly to try their beef noodle soup.   There cold dish bar is great.  Love walking over and picking appetizers. The marinated seaweed and the jellyfish are killer.   Be prepared to wait.Will definitely return. I also realized that I did NOT capture a photograph of the beef noodle soup.  I shall return!
This place used to be better now everything is just pretty greasy and oily and you need extra napkins to wipe your mouth and hands are usually always get the Shanghai Nice noodles but now they put less meat and vegetables inside the noodles looks like they're getting cheaper the chicken soup used to be very flavorful with Chinese herbs and now he's just he's like they throw in a bunch of salt. After you had a meal in this place you really need to chug down two bottles of water cause your mouth will be extremely dry and thirsty. The soy milk is also very water down.
It's really a toss-up between this place, Kung Fu, and Joe's for best soup dumplings. But some of the pork dishes here have made it my top choice. And the prices can't be beat.
This is a staple stop for me whenever I'm staying in the Flushing area. The prices are super good and the food never disappoints. I almost always get the Shanghai noodles and soup dumplings. I also love the hot soy milk and crispy dough to dip in for breakfast. Last time I tried the scallion pancake with sliced beef and it is now my new addition to my regular order. A bit on the greasy side, but still a tasty dish overall!
Incredible food, we especially enjoyed the pork soup dumplings.  The spicy beef & tendon , fantastic!  Our first time eating scallion pancake with beef slices very flavorful.  We will definitely be back before our trip is over.
I really want to give this place 4 stars but the quality has gone down in its XLB. I'll start with the food. I came with a group of 6 and we ordered multiple orders of the pork XLB and the crab XLB. The XLB came out piping hot which was exciting but the skin texture was much too thick for it to be a XLB. It tasted like a dumpling wrapper and didn't fit the bill. The soup inside the dumplings was also average. It could have used more flavor. The crab one had more flavor in its soup. The actual meat was flavorless. The flavor of the meat just never came out. Dissapointing. If you have to order XLB - get the crab one. We also ordered the scallion pancakes with beef. The scallion pancakes are different as they are deep fried so it was super oily. Also, they added too much sauce into it and not enough meat. Only a few pieces of meat were inside. We also had a few appetizers to begin with. Those were on point. Real flavorful. We got the bean gluten and the spicy beef with tripe. Highly recommend on both. Service here was mehhhhh. Took multiple times to get water and ginger for our XLB. They were friendly though and spoke English well enough to understand us. I really hope their quality of food comes back up. This used to be my go-to spot for XLB but it has regressed and has become your above average  XLB shop.
I'm impressed with the XLB at Nan Xiang. I've read some mixed reviews on Yelp but happy to say my experience was what I hoped for.Ordered 2 orders of XLB, 1 of the sheng jian bao (pan fried buns which are my white whale), 1 of the guo tie (pan fried dumplings aka potstickers), 1 of the rice cake with pork and preserved cabbage, and 1 of the scallion pancake beef wrap. The potstickers, rice cake, and beef wrap were all nothing to write home about, and varied between eh and decent. I wouldn't waste my time/money/calories on them next time.XLB: Next to Joe's Shanghai/Ginger, probably my favorite that I've tried in NY. I'll have to return to check on consistency, but I loved the non-sweetness of the broth and the well-roundedness of the skin: neither too thin or too chewy. They were hot, they were fresh-tasting, and they were gone too soon.Sheng jian: I'm feeling ambivalent about these. On one hand, they're one of the most bready iterations I've ever had - I really got the "bao" part when eating through. That means the broth/juice from the insides of the bun gets completely absorbed by the bun itself. I don't like that. On the other hand, however, the resulting soaked bun was incredibly tasty and the meat inside was flavorful, so I wound up eating quite a few and enjoyed them more than I thought I would at first bite. Overall, I still haven't found a sheng jian in NY that can stand up to those I used to eat in Shanghai, so I'll look on and skip these next time at Nan Xiang.Overall, Nan Xiang's XLBs were definitely worth it, and I'd come back just to have an order or three of them. There's great food worth trying everywhere in Flushing, so I don't think I'd order other dishes here again, but I can see myself taking people here for a snack or an early round of restaurant hopping.
Yummy soup dumplings! Though they are just as good as the ones from Joe's Shanghai. I recommend the crab and pork soup dumplings. They will come out super steamy hot and we had to wait 5-10 minutes for them to cool down.We ordered the spicy tripe as an appetizer and it was extremely spicy (must be the red peppers sprinkled all over and maybe they were doused in hot sauce). It was difficult to finish such a spicy dish but we managed to with the help of water and hot tea. I also ordered a chicken soup that was basically a watery broth with pieces of bland chicken and bone. The scallion pancakes with sliced beef we ordered were very filling but would be better with some sort of teriyaki sauce.Lastly, make sure to bring cash because they do not accept card! Though, the prices are overall a good deal and cheap. The staff was more direct and rushy rather than friendly. Overall, it was nice to try their soup dumplings but we prefer Joe's Shanghai for next time.
Soup dumplings are great :)Yes service is not great - don't expect a smile or good attitude from your servers. Food is great though- my husband and I only come for the soup dumplings (pork and crab and just pork). Their soy sauce mix thing is amazing also. Love the hot tea too :)
This is a popular place with great food, good location, so so service, and no atmosphere.  Yes, the dumplings are excellent.  We had the about six different dishes including the soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, and pan fried buns.  They were all excellent.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
If I could give a zero, I would. They had a bug in the beaf and refused to replace it, saying that it was after the fish was given to us. We were so upset that we gave less than one dollar gratitude because they literally gave the worst services and showed no respect to customers. After we paid, they came to us and yelled in front of all people that tips have to be above 15%. When did customers have to pay that much gratitude when they had no service at all? We jut kept walking out and one of the staff still came after us and threw the coins we left to our faces. Just one advice, avoid this shitty restaurant if you don't wanna eat bug and get robbed!
So this place features in Michelin guide and though the food was good but I would not call it the best Chinese food I have had in the states. Having said that the food was still good and maybe lets say one of the best xio long bao that I have ever had (and I have had the din tai fung in California).  We got pork xio long bao,  wontons in spicy peanut sauce,scallion pancake, chive hot pocket and crispy noodles with shredded chicken. The xio long bao was full of soup and was really good, scallion pancakes were just ok not the best we have had, the chive hot pocket was good and stuffed with a lots of chives but the shredded chicken noodle dish was just meh. The dish of the day was 100 percent the wontons in spicy peanut sauce. The peanut sauce was so good that I wanted to drink it, I poured the remainder of the sauce all over the noodles so that they might get a little flavor. They say that don't expect good service from a Chinese restaurant and this place was a good example of why Chinese restaurants have that reputation. We had no sauces on our table and we didn't get any with xio long bao. The nice couple on the next table noticed and passed us their bottle of sauce since they were done. When they left the restaurant we had borrow the chili oil and other sauces from that table. Also the table was small and there was not enough space yet they didn't bother to remove the empty dishes after we were done with a dish. But other than that food was decent, next time I would like to try some of the breakfast dishes.
Today  I went there for dinner  with my friends,   we love the dumplings. The service was not good, maybe they were busy and they accept cash only.  No good
Absolutely LOVE their soup dumplings. I was spoiled by this place and now whenever I eat soup dumplings from anywhere else, I cant help but compare to these. The wait normally goes by pretty fast depending on what time you go. So the soup dumplings are the best item on the menu but don't let that keep you from trying the other items. I also enjoy their scallion pancakes and some of their other dumplings. Overall, I think that this place is definitely worth a try especially if you are in the area and in need of some warm, comforting food.
Arived 2pm, wait 20min for a table, 3,5 groups ahead of us. Clean space. We order sweet soy milk, served in a bow. Not too bad. Homemade chive dumpling, Shanghai shao mai, pork and crab bun. Everything is very different since it's Shanghai style, it's not dim sum if you - just like me, non chinese expect. The nightlight is salad bar, I order cucumber salad, bean curd with mushroom and bean curd.Tasty
Came here from the US open for a quick bite, food was amazing, had the pancakes with beef and scallion and also the dumplings filled with pork and soup.
The crab & pork soup dumplings here are DELICIOUS.. so much better than most other shanghainese restaurants in the city. I also really liked the iced soy milk, it was refreshing especially since I came here early in the morning right after a red eye flight. There seemed to be a lot of hype with the scallion pancakes, but I wasn't the biggest fan of them. I prefer mine thin and crispy while these were really thick and dough-y. But I think it's just my personal preference because my bf really enjoyed them.The Shanghai Pan Fried Udon was decent, but I didn't think it was anything special. I think next time I'll stick with just getting multiple orders of soup dumplings and I'm interested in trying their fried rice cake dishes!
Come early or come late to avoid the crowds. The soup dumplings are good better than Joes. Has a mix of some dim sum plates too. A decent experience without having to wait hours to be seated.
Decent food with surly service.The XLB are excellent here and pretty cheap. The beef scallion pancake is also very good (I mean how can beef wrapped in fried goodness with hoisin sauce ever be a bad idea?).Skip the shao mai (almost entirely rice) and just get another round of XLB.
I've been several times and I'm still in love with their pork soup dumplings. I think this is the best fresh soup dumplings I've ever had. The beef pancake also hits the spot too. I would 5/5 recommend this place to have a quick breakfast/lunch
I'm typically not a fan of 'Chinese' cuisine, but everything we got at this place, I found to be delicious:pork soup dumplingscrab soup dumplingsblack fungi...can't remember what else...Will definitely be back, and this time introduce some other friends to the place.
You're here for the steam dumplings, so don't be shy. Try the ones with crab and the ones without and decide for yourself which you like better. Don't miss the scallion pancake with beef. It's the best scallion pancake I've ever had.
The food comes out fast and it's delicious! Came here for soup dumplings and it's definitely better quality in my opinion (less salty, less oily) compared to the other popular restaurant. We also ordered the fried udon noodles which is now my favorite dish. Will return with a bigger appetite! FYI cash only!
Really great authentic food! I ate the scallion pancake with the vegetable dumplings and it all came up to $10. They serve you hot tea once you get there so it's not an additional cost. Problem I would have to say is the space and that it only accepts cash. Great experience !
I spent all week searching high and low for some soup dumplings. I stumbled upon an article and settled for this place considering I live on Long Island and did not feel like going into the city. We arrived at dinner time and were seated immediately. Upon being seated we were given green tea and our menus. My brother in law ordered the Shanghai Pan Fried U-don and I ordered the Scallion Pancake. Both extremely delicious and we knew we were off to a great start. We also ordered the regular soup dumplings and the crab dumplings. Everything came out in a timely fashion. Soup dumplings were filling, delicious, and rich in flavour. My only complaint is that the spoons provided were a tad smaller than the dumpling therefore it was easy to accidentally poke it and have the soup pour out. Other than that, and the fact that the servers weren't the most attentive, everything was great. Can't wait to come back to have some more xiao long bao and try the other dishes this place has to offer. *As others have mentioned the place is cash only and kind of easy to miss.
Nan. Xiang. Xiao. Long. Bao. Review is over. LOL jkThis is the best soup dumpling place around - in New York. For those that disagree, go get your taste buds checked at the taste bud doctor. This place is not overrated. This place is not To start, this place is located in the heart of Flushing. A little annoying to get to, and usually there's a wait, but good things come to those who wait. The service here can be a bit 'rigid' or 'cold' but I think that's just due to the culture barrier/language barrier of the restaurant. Don't get too taken aback by it. The go to is the pork soup dumplings. I personally don't like the crab meat. I don't really like the yellow color or taste. The cucumbers are good here, the scallion pancake (though oily, doughy and not worth it). The noodles always look really god. The reason why the soup dumplings are so good is because a) the dough they use for the bao is solid, not too doughy, not too light, just the right amount b) it's fresh and doesn't have any weird tastes in the pork / soup c) the bao doens't just break when you pop it Moreover, if you want soup dumplings. Come here. Just stop reading this review, and google maps, apple maps, waze, uber, lyft, tinder, juno, whatever this place here and eat this soup dumpling. Then let me know how right I am:)
I'm really disappointed. The soup dumplings taste so different from what they used to taste like. It's a bland off balance mixture of meat and ginger that does not taste inspired. The service is good because they don't bother you but... a few times we were there, they ran out of cups (????).  So strange. Anyways, they do care that you're satisfied though. One time, we had a cucumber garlic dish that did not at all taste fresh, and they gave us a new one right away.Hope this downhill trend reverses soon!!! Also, a tip for those who are coming here for the first time, you have to go to the hostess to get a ticket/number! Otherwise, you'll get skipped by all the regulars.
So I've been to this place a couple of times & last night I went dinner with my brother & co yelper Kathy & Sierra after the yelp event. When we got there we got seated fast. Me & Sierra got the crab meat soup dumplings & I got the siomai. Kathy got the beef pancake scallions. As always its delicious!!! You enjoyed every bite & its cheap. For drinks I got the cold soy milk & its refreshing! Service is fast. I paid around $13 for my food with tips on it already. I love this place!
There was a wait, but good things come to those that wait in this case.Got the crab and pork xiao long bao, pork xiao long bao, pan fried udon, crispy dough and hot sweet soy milk. Everything came out at once and little talking ensued.The crab bao was not as salty as the pork, would have gotten another tray if we weren't so full. Highly recommended.
Love the soup dumplings. Try the fried ones too
Yesterday I ate something with my family in this restaurant. It tasted really good. My family also liked it very much. Thank you, we will come again next time, highly recommended! !
XLB for the win!! Omg. These were the best pork soup dumplings I've ever had. Yes, better than din tai fung, better than joe's shanghai. I was completely and utterly in love after my first bite into that succulent, juicy, extremely flavorful dumpling.The SO and I came later in the afternoon so we didn't have much of a wait. In addition to the dumplings we also ordered the scallion beef pancake ( a bit too oily for me. Very crunchy), the garlic cold cucumbers ( super refreshing), the braised beef noodles ( so tender and amazing broth) and two orders of soy milk. The entire meal came out to be approx 30 and we were stuffed.  Service was in point too! I would just say try to avoid the busy hours and go with cash. Definitely try out the soy milk and the cold appetizers.
Great dim sum at the best prices! I love the spicy peanut dumpling and of course the soup buns. Service is courteous to friendly depending on who helps you, but never bad. We're regulars here! Definitely no frills but one can understand the Michelin star- it's all incredibly fresh and leaves you satisfied and not weighed down with potential additives. Highly recommend!
Food- Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes were perfect.Ambiance- super casualService- sucks but fastDrinks- had basic hot tea
I think it's really a 3.5 stars kind of place. Food is decent for the most part, but didn't really blow me away with anything. I ordered salty soy milk, beef pancake, red bean puff, turnip buff, fried dough, and of course steam dumplings. Out of everything the red bean puff was my favorite, flaky pastry with the right amount of bean paste. Steam dumplings were okay, not the best I've had. The dumpling skin is a little bit thick in my opinion, but flavor was alright. I didn't want to order the beef pancake initially. But then saw almost everyone there ordered it and there are so many pics on yelp on this dish, so I tried it. It was a bit greasy. But the pancake was crispy. I think this is a well received dish among more Americanized pallet. I still prefer mine the old fashion style, with just scallion! :POverall not a bad spot for some Shanghainese style dim sum. But I would not wait on line for a spot and definitely not a must-try kind of spot in my book.
Reliable and delicious and cheap. I hadn't been here in ages, so when a friend visiting from China for an extended period told me she was craving Chinese food, I took her here. We ordered the crab roe soup dumplings, spicy beef noodles, beef & tripe appetizer (my personal fave and a must-order whenever I eat Chinese/Sichuan), cold tofu slice appetizer, and a beef pancake thing. If this sounds like a ton of food for two people, well, it was, but in our defense a few of the foods were just appetizers :) Every dish was excellent - the beef & tripe was my favorite but it might just be because I love the dish. Soup dumplings were spot-on, although ours didn't come with the lettuce underneath so we had a few casualties (i.e. leaked soup). The beef pancake thing was recommended by the waitress and was basically a beef sandwich inside a scallion pancake - so good. Go here. And order everything.
great place and delicious food, will be back next time I am hungry in this area, the service is great and friendly
Came here again on June 2017.  Same experience as before. Food was incredible and cheap. But service was horrible, as waiters only cared that you vacate your table as quickly as possible, and they are not very attentive of what you want. You have to keep on reminding them of your order or your water or tea.
Easily packed and for good reason, the food is relatively cheap for what it is. It's authentic as can be and reminds me of simpler times, so i'm slightly biased here. It's walkable from the 7 train and you'll even see a lot of foodies venturing out to try this place.
Dropped by late night on Valentine's Day. We were seated quickly and given our tea. The table has the ginger and vinegar for the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) by default, so it seems to be assumed that you'll be ordering them. I did order them. Very good soup dumplings. They were very hot, the soup within was flavorful, and the skins did not break when lifting them. Also picked up the scallion pancakes, fried pork buns, and a bowl of braised beef noodle soup. Scallion pancakes were especially crispy, and the fried pork buns were cooked perfectly. The braised beef noodle soup had good beef, but was mediocre at best. At a place with Dumpling House in it's name, make sure to stick to their dumplings/buns.
We had xiao long bao, Shanghai noodle, jellyfish, seaweed and a few other cold dishes, very authentic and reasonable price!
I went with a couple of fellow yelpers after a yelp elite event. In the event, they only feed us some yummy dessert, so we all were in a mood for dumplings. There was not wait in the restaurant with is great always. We all share some orders; Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and some jelly fish.Scallion Pancake: the scallion pancake was very crispy and was  wrapped around the sliced beef and that delicious sauce, a good option while is warm(don't taste if is cold), I will say that the taste was perfect. Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns: this is not my first time having this plate, I remember that the first time I burn my tongue eating this, so this time I was prepared to eat it. It had a good amount of meat inside, a flavorful broth, and a tasty dumpling wrapper that held up to the transfer from the steamer to my spoon, I just add a little touch of sauce to give it an extra taste. Pan Fried Pork Dumplings: the dumpling was very juicy on the inside and crispy seared outside! great taste. I also try the Rice Cake, I wish to order this plate; the Rice Cakes were very addictive. The server was good and the food was excellent.
The xlb here are really solid. The skin is pretty thin and the soup inside is flavorful, plus you can actually taste the crab which is kind of a rarity. Unfortunately things go downhill from the XLB. The beef scallion pancake roll is just ok. The pancake is a bit too greasy and would be better if it was thinner and there was more beef. The shui jian bao are pretty mediocre with a bad meat to bun ratio (too much bun).But on the plus side, you only really have to get XLB anyways so just get like 1-2 orders per person and you'll have a great time.
For two people who were rather hungry, it was a half hour wait after a 20 minute estimated seating time. Fortunately, the weather made it comfortable to wait outside.We ordered (after quite a wait for a server to take our order) two orders of steamed pork buns, the scallion pancake and the crispy noodles with beef. We ended up full and satisfied with our choices from their surprisingly limited menu. We actually could've done one less item and still been full. Each of the dishes was good, none amazing.  I prefer soup dumplings elsewhere and the lack of options elsewhere on the menu caused us to double up on the dumplings.The service was very slow to bring the check and change, but surprisingly efficient with refilling water and tea.  Glad I checked it out, but probably not returning.
Good selection. Great tasty food. Youtiao was a little tough and oily. Shalongbao was soupy n moist, skin was medium. Overall good
While the scallion pancakes, garlic cucumbers, and noodles are excellent, the service was sub par - waitresses never came back, difficult to get a glass of water or a new utensil - and the other dishes we had were mediocre to less like the scallion pancake with beef (the reason I went I the first place) and mustard green rice cake.
Love both kinds of their Xiao long bao! They are the juiciest Xiao long bao I've ever had. Nice job. The drunken chicken is not that good. The shumai was ok but very authentic.
Cash only. We ordered 4 dishes totaling to $27 (Before tip), they serve you free tea which is great for this NYC weather. There was not many people when we ate, so service was attentive, and fast. We really enjoyed their food.
The wait around 2pm was only like a minute, since they have ample seating in the adjacent room. However, you can tell they really try to utilize their space so you may end up with a very small table with cramped seating. Beef Scallion Pancake & Scallion Pancake were both super crispy and delicious, however I liked the regular pancake over the beef pancake because of the sweet brown sauce they put in the beef one. I'm more of a savory food person rather than a sweet food person, and the sauce was a little too sweet for me personally. I also tried the Shanghai Udon Noodles, which were pretty good, but its a little too oily for my liking. The pork soup dumplings had a really taste and hot soup broth, however, I didn't leave thinking the dumplings were amazing. To me, it was just average, but not super good.For the prices, this place is cheap, but service is ehh- I had to wait a while for cold water and the check.
Food was superb! There's so many places to choose from in the area but glad we went here. There is a reason why it's 4 plus stars. Can't wait to go back.
One of the best place to get your carb fix in. Everything from their Shanghai Soup Dumplings to Beef Roll to Pancakes to Soup Noodles to rice cakes to the cold dishes to the regular dumplings are so good. I came here for breakfast and lunch before and it never disappoints. This place has expanded a few years ago after their neighbor restaurant closed down so now they have more tables and the wait is not as crazy long. During prime hour, expect a wait.I usually order the Shanghai soup dumplings, an order of their pan fried dumpling, beef roll, rice cake and a few cold dishes. Yes, full of carbs! They are all freshly made and is meant to eat right away. Meaning if you let it sit at your table, it won't be as good!Don't expect great service, but this restaurant is priced reasonably and has a great selection of Shanghai and Taiwanese cuisine. They serve free tea as well.
Small store front with plentiful seating. Came on a weekday morning, so line at all haha.Best Xiao Long Bao place I've been to by far. Lots of soup with lots of love inside. They are freshly made so you may have to wait. We started out with the garlic cucumber. Sweet, crunchy, super refreshing 10/10 would recommend.You can't expect stellar customer service from a restaurant from Chinatown. This is your classic Chinese brunch place. They do the job and done. There's a language barrier so read the reviews on here instead of asking them for recommendations!!!I don't really have to mention parking since this is New York!!
Came here several times to see what the hype was really about. The food was only okay. The soup dumplings that they are famous for are just mediocre. I've definitely had better soup dumplings else where in flushing. The service was lacking all the times that I went. The servers were rushing and not attentive. I guess its suppose to be a sit, eat, and out place. There are better places for soup dumplings in flushing, will not be coming back!
They have all the reviews and customer they need service is poorFood is ok Price is a bit much for flushing
Something different, good reviews on the soup dumplings so gave it a try but they only have pork soup dumpling, wish they had other option. But overall the experience was good
Ok so the service here sucks! They just left us hanging for quite a bit, even people around us were also complaining. I know it probably gets hectic and crazy but the waitresses/waiters should really pay attention to the customers. Anyways, I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup, my boyfriend ordered the seafood crispy noodles, we then ordered the crab meat and pork soup dumplings or steamed whichever you prefer to call it. Neither of us liked our noodles we ordered because there was no flavor whatsoever but we did enjoy the soup dumplings. The only reason why I'm giving this place 3 stars. I'm from Philadelphia and I'm so use to having my soup dumplings with hot oil also, so I was bummed out that they didn't have it. Still good alone with vinegar, I like to drown mine.Overall, soup dumplings are awesome but the service isn't
Always great food, my fav comfort food place. My only issue is the long wait. Soup dumpling with crab is my favorite. Shanghai noodle is great too!
I like the food. Just like in China my mom make some tst. I will come back again, service was good too
Came here with the bf on a Monday night and surprisingly the place still got packed by 9pm anyway lol. We went ahead and ordered the crab&pork soup dumplings as well as the pork soup dumplings since we saw that this place was popular for it and boy we're the right! Loooved them! Had the perfect amount of savory flavor and they all held a lot of soup. Me and my boyfriend are big on the hot oil and chili so it was even better adding it to the soup dumplings, highly recommend it. We also got beef noodle soup & pan fried pork dumplings which were just as good! I'm definitely coming back here, just the location wasn't too great since it's in such a crowded area, it took us almost an hour to find good parking.
So i came here one night with a couple friends to see what this is about.  I think the reason why this place is getting such good rating because it's CHEAP!!!! When i saw the bill i was like "omg"! The food was really not that great - too oily.  The soup dumplings were really good! Come here for that! We ordered scallion pancake, pork and veg rice cake, and other stuff (forgot) and they were SUPER oily and the cashier was yelling at some staffs which i didn't like.  I really hate it when i see the staff are not treating other staff with respect - such a turn off.
Went there around 6pm and the wait was about 15 mins for two. Which isn't bad considering that the juicy buns there are amazing! They're made fresh and you can definitely taste it. Best juicy buns in flushing.! If you want juicy buns this is the place to go! Just make sure you bring cash. Cards are not accepted.
4.5 stars rounded down.It's a bit of a trek, but this authentic little gem was worth the hour subway ride. Their menu is pretty small and from the pictures on yelp, the same 4-5 dishes are ordered repeatedly: crab soup dumpling, pork soup dumpling, shanghai shumai, shanghai noodles, and beef rolls in green onion pancake. In my opinion, only the soup dumplings and the shumai are the only dishes that makes this place special. I recommend getting a couple orders of each and then eat to your heart's content. The cheap priced doesn't hurt either. I usually expect subpar service at any really authentic Chinese restaurant, they're usually borderline rude and only have one facial expression. However, believe it or not, the service here was surprisingly pleasant. It could have been a one time thing, but either way it won't stop new yorkers  or helpers from coming.
Delicious cheap eats in Flushing (CASH ONLY)! You can spot this place from afar from the long lines. So it is highly recommended to go a little before "peak hours".  I actually don't come here for the soup dumplings however they are quite good here.. much better than Joe Shanghai for sure!  If you are a first timer to this establishment then yes GET the soup dumplings. Don't expect much regarding decor.. It's flushing its very bare minimal.What I come here for and recommend; - Rice cakes with shredded pork and mustard plant (So good!) - Scallion Pancake with sliced beef- Beef and chilli pepper noodle soup - Beef noodle soup
I used to like this place a lot because of their side dishes. Very tasty and fresh. Today I decided to go for breakfast since I haven't been there for a long time. How disappointed!!! First my side dish (cucumber) wasn't fresh at all! Tasted like it was made from the day before. And the most disappointing thing was from where I was sitting... I saw waiters putting foods into the microwave to heat them up. Dish after dish of food was being heat up before serving. We ordered a salted bean curd鹹豆花, it was also being heated up in the microwave.
The cashier is ugly.  The waiter is lazy as hell!Food is not that great. Too oily.  I don't they deserve 4 stars reviews. So I have them 2.
Having a bit of time before a Yelp Elite Event (Snowdays a few doors down - highly recommend for dessert after) I decide to finally try this place on my own to see what all the hype is about. I enter the cash-only establishment early on a Monday (5pm) to find many tables open and surprised at how large the space is - three attached rooms of tables. The hostess asks how many I say just myself she directs me to the room next door. I am given tea and a menu which has two sides - pictures of items on one side are very helpful.The service is very friendly and I go with the ever popular pork and crab soup dumplings. Shortly thereafter another server brings a small dish of julienned ginger and tells me that black vinegar is on the table. I didn't realize at the time that most people make a dipping sauce of ginger and the vinegar to compliment the flavor of the dumplings. Silly me, I ate pieces of ginger like a palette cleanser - haha, my bad! I must say this was some strong, flavorful ginger pieces - I liked that. I did try the vinegar by drizzling a bit on the dumplings so I got the affect after all.Another popular dish is the scallion pancake with beef so after I finish my dumplings I get an order of this. I liked them very much - quite flavorful with hoisin sauce added to the beef to add some sweetness to the dish. Great flavor, but I could only finish one of the three pieces.Nan Xiang is a great choice and is open pretty late on weekends (1am) so it is good to go with a group to order a few different items and share. The decor is very basic so it is all very casual. I can see the appeal of why so many love the top notch food in the low key surroundings. My kind of place!
Authentic shanghainese food! The portion of the cold dish were little too large, good for sharing. Love the soybean milk
I was really disappointed with this place when I first came here a few years ago. My friend insisted on having lunch here so I thought I should give them another chance. I was once disappointed again, even more than the first time. Just as a two star rating would say, "Meh. I've experienced better." Exactly how i felt. I'm sorry for not understanding the wow factor of this place but the quality of the food had disappointed me more than once. I live 1.5 hours away from here. I will not travel all the way here again, just to be disappointed. The scallion pancake with beef was not flakey and crisp enough. The beef was too lean and not tender at all. The beef pancake was cut in three pieces, only the middle piece had a decent amount of beef. DId someone eat the beef from my scallion pancakes? Because I couldn't find them in there. I tried both soup dumplings. The pork ones were not juicy enough and the skin was way too thick. It's hard to explain in details, but I just did not like how they make their dumplings here. The crab soup dumplings did not have enough crab flavor. The ground meat in both dumplings were too lean and the stock was not rich enough. And I always prefer lettuce over paper. I was excited for the Spicy Beef & Tripe "husband and wife slices", it was decent but I can't seem to really enjoy it after having bad soup dumplings. There were too many beef shank slices in mine and I'd prefer more tripe or at least an equal amount. I paired the spicy beef tripe with a sweet soy milk and garlic cucumber. This was my only part of the meal that I enjoyed. I do not recommend the crispy noodles, the noodles itself was alright but the sauce on top was too salty, in a weird way. I usually love salty food so if someone that likes salty finds it salty, that's really something. It was very unappetizing to me. I was craving for the wine chicken. They didn't offer the wine chicken during lunch hours but they would have it on their menu, okay. The service was not consistent, had to ask them to refill my tea while they just stood there on their cellphones. The place was NOT crowded at all. It was either that, or they just stood there watching us eat, making us feel uncomfortable. I went to the food court to get more food afterwards because the meal wasn't satisfying.
New York's Chinatowns are changing right before your eyes, but thankfully Cantonese home cooking still exists in Flushing!!The fried pork dumplings are perfection; the pork chop noodle soup is heartwarming comfort food. The scallion pancakes and assorted bao are delicious. Everything is prepared from scratch, in-house; no surprises - just great food for a great price. I love this place!
I've seen this restaurant on Yelp really often when I was searching for places to eat in flushing but I never tried it out. One day my boyfriend and I finally decide to try it. When we walked in, the hostess asked us how many people right away. We got seated rather quickly. However since there was a lot of people and we were just two people we got stuck at a tiny table squished between some other people. We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, 2 orders of soup dumplings and the Shanghai udon noodles. I really enjoyed all of the food and so did my boyfriend. The beef scallion pancakes were cooked perfectly, it was soft on the inside but had that flaky crunch I like about scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings were great as well and I loved the sauce they cooked the Shanghai noodles with. It was a simple but savory dish. Overall, the food was amazing and the price was low. Although it was crowded and loud, it's a given since they have such good food at a low price. I will definitely be coming back and recommend this to anyone that was authentic Chinese food!
Lives in nearby hotel and came here to try the food after reading the good reviews. Food: soy milk was rich and warm reminding me the childhood memories. 油条very disappointing because it did not taste like fresh made and seemed a day old which is surprising since I went in at 0800 am. Soup dumplings were really good. Will be back to try other things,
Came here today (Saturday) with two friends around lunch time and this place was PACKED!  They have a regulated queue system though so everything went smoothly.  We waited about 20 minutes only and got seated.  We ordered the Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns, Steamed Pork Bun, Soy Milk, Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don and Pork Wontons in Spicy Peanut Sauce.  Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns - my favorite dish!  The crab meat was super tasty and the soup base was bomb!Steamed Pork Bun - love this regular favorite as well. Soy Milk - I love how they give this to you in a to go cup!  The soy milk was so sweet and authentic.  One of the best I've ever had!Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don - this was delicious!  It didn't feel heavy at all.. Although I wished they gave more veggies!Pork Wontons in Spicy Peanut Sauce - did not like this dish!  It was super bland and I did not feel the heat at all. This place is fairly inexpensive.  Our meal came out to be less than $32.00.  Their service was prompt although the soup dumplings took really long to come out but that's because they steam them fresh!  I will definitely come back if I'm around Flushing!
Been here a couple of times and it hasn't disappointed me yet. Cash only place but that's fine! Definitely an affordable place to eat at if you don't want to spend too much for a brunch with a friend. Came here on a sunday afternoon and had to wait roughly 15 minutes for a seat, no big deal. Had the soup dumplings that everyone was raving about but honestly wasn't my favorite. Felt like they just heated it up and served it barely warm. Other than that, the stir fried udon with beef dish was pretty good.
This place is over rated by the people. The food was okay. The crab meat dumpling is good and juicy. But the service is very bad and the waiter is rude and doesn't care about you since they are busy for their business and totally ignore your request, even refill a glass of water or ask for a spoon. Dine in on a Saturday night and left very angry.
Food: 4.0/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 2.5/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Nan Xiang probably has the best soup dumplings in the city.  Unfortunately, the service is fairly terrible, and the cost of tasty XLB is a long wait (think up to 30 minutes on a weekend mid-afternoon for a restaurant in Flushing).  The rest of the menu is fairly basic.  I would recommend ordering a few apps just to pass the time because they do get backed up on the XLBs which may end up taking 20-30 minutes to come out.
AMBIANCE: bright, open, somewhat clean. It definitely has its authentic asian touches. LOCATION: This is located in the heart of Chinatown, so you know its authentic. Easy to find. Street parking.SERVICE: Quick service, not the friendliest bunch, but that is expected, especially when everyone else is speaking their native tongue and you don't.FOOD: All dumplings were delicious. I tried fried, steamed, with all different proteins in the middle. There is definitely a perfect little dumpling here for each and every person. I tried beef, pork, chicken. All were delicious. I also tried their scallion pancake and was mildly impressed. It was very oily, I understand it is fried, but most places will try to soak the oil out before bringing it out. Also, it was not nearly as crispy enough and slightly too thick. Stick with the dumplings when you get here. I also saw other customers slopping down soup, looked good. I will try it the next time I come back.PRICING: Reasonable prices for dumplings. $5-7/dish with 5-8 dumplings each.
Came here for the soup dumplings! Ordered both the the crab and pork. Pork was much more flavorful than the crab but both pretty good. The dim sum here is limited. In addition to soup dumplings, we ordered the pan fried noodles, wontons in spicy peanut sauce, scallion pancake w/beef, rice cakes w/pork, and fried dumplings. Everything tasted soo good. My favorite being the scallion pancakes. I'd come back just for that! Over all food and service were excellent. Wait time was bearable. Just FYI there's no sign in English so just look for a crowd of ppl waiting outside.
Grew up eating Xiao Long Bao at Joe's Shanghai...but I knew I needed to eventually venture over here to try theirs so I did! This place is more casual and is definitely more Westerner friendly than some other restaurants in Flushing. The best selling items have photos on one side of the menu, with the other side of the menu listing every item by genre.Tried the pork & crab XLB, seafood crispy noodles, stir fry udon noodles and scallion pancake. The scallion pancake was really good, flaky and crispy fresh all at the same time. The XLB was juicy but some of the skin stuck to the cabbage (guess I gotta be extra careful next time). It tasted really good like aligned with din tai fung...but I still have to stay loyal to my OG XLB experience at Joe's! I preferred the seafood crispy noodles, they came with a whitefish and shrimp which surprised me because I'm used to seeing some squid or shellfish in my crispy noodles at other places. Overall tasty and enjoyable but I did feel very thirsty for the rest of the night.Prices are cheap and food is great to share with friends or family. Not sure I would come back since there's a lot of other places I love in Flushing but the XLB are pretty good and it's a quick casual spot to grab a meal!
The quality of the food here has definitely gone down throughout the years. Now that so many other xlb places have work opened up, there's no need to come here if I'm craving for xlb.If you're coming here for dinner, especially on a weekend, you'll have to wait for a while because its popular restaurant.The food has gotten really REALLY oily (like the rice cakes or the noodles). I feel like every time I leave the restaurant, my stomach hurts a bit because of all the oil. The scallion pancakes are still really delicious and crunchy so I definitely recommend getting that.
Don't know how I forgot to review this place... So to get this out of the way, service here is bad, maybe even worse than the average Chinatown restaurant. Ditto with cleanliness... I mean if the health department cared they could probably shut this place down anytime they felt like it. OK so maybe I exaggerate a bit, but you've been warned none the less.But the xiao long bao here are arguably the best we've had (and we've had a lot). They are consistently well made and juicy and wonderful and everything you want in a soup dumpling. This place hits the spot 9 times out of 10 which ain't bad for Chinatown.Many of there other dishes are also good, but you go for the xiao long bao and you'll be happy.
Cash only. Me and my friend were waiting outside like 25 mins. Finally we got seat.  We order 2 nan Xiang xiao long bao, but only comes one. We ask one of waitress and she said we have to wait other 15mins because they forget order. Everything tasted good over there. The service was not very good.
One of the better places to get soup dumplings.I've eaten here for both takeout and dine in. Both times, I think I came during off hours, because there wasn't really much of a wait for a table or takeout.I definately think that dining in is better, mostly because the sauces for the dumplings are readily available on the table. It was a bit of a pain to season the dumplings in my takeout container.I've tried quite a few dishes here. The pork soup dumplings are where its at. Seems like that's their specialty and that's what they're known for. The soup from the dumplings is (temperature) hot, so you have to let it cool down a bit, before you inhale it. You get six of them. The skin is nice and soft and is very tasty. The soup is very tasty as well. I can definately see why this place gets so many good reviews. Only knock on this place, are that the soup dumplings are a bit expensive at around $6.If your in flushing and you're a soup dumpling fan, definately give this place a try.
The food is nothing spectacular but it it is good and you'll enjoy yourself for sure. The food is good despite the simple house-style way it is presented. The service isn't the best. However, this is a go-to place whenever my friends and I need a place to eat or settle down on. Always go for the soup dumplings regardless of what else you order.
Great pricing. Beautiful soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and other Shanghainese cuisine. Seating is a bit limited but you can get a table pretty fast.
I love this place. Their dumplings are incredible. Please eat their dumplings. They will bring you much pleasure and mirth.
Really delicious food with a surprising array of vegetarian options (but you have to ask for them). I loved the cold bean curd dish. The rice cake dish was also amazing. I'd seriously consider making a trip out here just for this food. The atmosphere felt a bit like a food court and the wait staff was hard to flag down, but the food made it all worth while.
Bad customer service.  I called the restaurant and placed my order at 9am and I got to restaurant to pick up food at 9:10am and they apparently messed up my order with a different noodle.  They could have told me they made my order already but it's a different type of noodle and it works fine with me too.  But they didn't and redo my dish so I waited 20 more minutes for my order.  No apology from the lady who messed up my order.
Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are one of the best in NYC but to be honest, sometimes just isn't enough to make up for some of its weaknesses.Both the crab/pork and the pork soup dumplings are delicious but a bit pricier than most places in flushing at 6.75 and 5.75 respectively. If you like soup dumplings but want a little more crunch, it's also worth trying the pan fried pork dumplings that are basically a xiao long bao with a thicker, firmer pan fried skin but similar soupy filling. My old favorite was the hand made steamed dumplings but every time I've gone, "the chef isn't here". The other dishes on the menu, like soy milk and noodles, do not particularly stand out and are sometimes disappointing.Since Nan Xiang has gotten more recognition, it's been much more user friendly to non-Chinese customers with things like an English and pictorial menu to help with ordering and more English speaking staff. However, service and ambiance is still very utilitarian as expected in some old-school establishments in Flushing and new crowds of tourists take a bit away from the experience.All in all, I would still come to Nan Xiang for a quick dumpling fix by myself or with a few friends, but definitely would not expect this to be a place to really hunker down and catch up or to impress parents from out of town.
This is probably one of my favorite and most recommended restaurants to go to! If you're looking for one of the best/if not the best soup dumplings in NYC, this is it!1) The food is consistently delicious. Soup dumplings are incredible. I loved their turnip puffs and the scallion pancakes aren't nearly as oily as most Chinese restaurants while maintaining great flavor.2) The service here is great! I didn't have to wait very long to put in my order and have it served onto the table. Personally, I hate it when a waiter/waitress constantly hovers over customers to check in on their needs. This place has it just right. 3) The price point is as best as it gets! I've ordered Shanghai Udon, two orders of soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, turnip puffs, scallion pancakes and a chicken soup.  For what you're getting, quality dishes for under $30 is astounding!The only partial con I would consider is the wait time to get seated in during lunch/dinner hours. It will take a while, but IMHO, it is absolutely worth it!
I still like the soup dumplings and although the place has expanded, there is a wait, albeit 15 minutes on a Friday night.  There were several large parties before us which probably precluded us from being seated immediately.  I guess that's a good thing.   In the old days, we would have waited much longer.  When I went up to the "hostess" to get a number and asked how long the wait would be, she said 10 minutes and in a slightly brusque manner, retorted, "You want to wait?" and threw me the number when I said yes.  Nan Xiang is still popular and the food is good.  We ordered just 3 dishes for the 2 of us: beef noodles, seafood with crispy noodles and the obligatory pork and and crab soup dumplings. All were tasty, prices low but my bf and I both noticed some MSG reaction after eating.  Nothing serious but he had a little headache and numbness on his tongue.  I had some sudden body fatigue.  We are not certain that our symptoms can be attributed to what we ate and the feelings went away but it was interesting we both had slight reactions.  Note, also the place does not take credit cards but generally that shouldn't be a problem because you can get away with less than $35 for 3 dishes, tip included.  Rumors have it or perhaps I read it in a New York Times article a while back  that only women make the soup dumplings because they can roll and crimp the dough thinner than men.  The men are allocated the kitchen work, stir frying in particular, because they have the upper body strength to lift the heavy woks.  True or not, we observed 4 women efficiently hovering over a mass of ground meat, two rolling out the dough and two filling and crimping the dumplings in a tight workspace behind the cashier/receptionist.  As far as food is concerned, the dumplings are decent and the other Shanghainese dishes are okay.  Don't come for ambiance because there isn't any.  It is a typical Chinese dumpling and noodle joint, small tables closely placed next to each other so you're listening to your neighbors' conversations and borrowing each others' condiments.  Knowing Chinese helps but is not required. The menu is not extensive and you pretty much build your meal around the dumplings.  The convenience of a municipal parking lot across the street is the another reason I will probably come back if I am in the mood for dumplings and in Queens.
LITERALLY MY FAVOURITE BREAKFAST PLACE AT THE MOMENT. I crave eating here at almost any time of the day! A very straight forward menu and their food is freshly steamed to order. Their Xiao Long Bao is the best one I've had so far outside of China, the skin is perfectly steamed and chewy with the inside still remaining full of soup and bits of meat. It's also piping hot which I love!!! They also use actual crab in their crab XLB, because I found a piece of the cartilage in one of my dumplings, LOL. The ginger vinegar that comes with the XLB is sOOooo heavenly when combined. Literal explosion of flavour in your mouth. Cold soymilk is super good and especially good with breakfast!!! Soymilk seriously completed the whole meal, it goes so well with everything and just made everything extra enjoyable. Shanghai Shao Mai was also pretty good, can't really go wrong with steamed sticky rice in a chewy dough wrap. Prices are really cheap and food is authentic and super yummy! This place is a must visit if you're ever in the area! Breakfast here is such a dream. I can't wait to visit here again!!!
Their dumplings are so good, but service is terrible. The pork buns (soup dumplings) taste exactly how they are supposed to taste--Extremely flavorful and juicy. They taste so good when eat fresh. Service is horrible here. Their waiters are not attentive. They simply don't have a solid serving system. Nobody knows what's going on when it is busy. One would think these types of businesses know what they are doing and are equipped to respond to busy days. No!!! They are horrible. Their isn't a designated server for each section. No one is responsible for anything, so no one ends up doing anything. The cashier (I believe the owner) was on her cell phone talking for a good 20 minutes while taking to-go order and bringing customer's up. Terrible service.
Cash only! Ordered their soup dumplings, beef pancakes, and savory sticky rice roll. The service was quick, atmosphere was clean and quiet on a Thursday morning, and the food was super on point!
Came on a Saturday night around 6pm, about 20 minute wait for 3 people.This is for just the soup dumplings- they were the BEST I've ever had. Not much more to say... we didn't really explore the rest of the menu and from what I've heard its pretty mediocre-bad lol. But the dumplings, wow.
Met all posted expectations.Food was excellent. From Calif. Used YELP the local foodies did not steer us wrong!!
I ate in here once and gotten takeout about 4-5 times in the morning. I do like the fact that they open at 8 am. I've tried their crabmeat soup dumplings, pork soup dumpings, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pan-fried pork buns, and their rice cake w/shredded pork. My son loves their pork soup dumplings and eats two orders by himself in one sitting. I, on the other hand, isn't a big fan of their soup dumplings but I do think the pork one tastes better than the crabmeat. In terms of flavor and the thinness of the skin, I still think Kung Fu xlb is slightly better. Their food aren't always consistent. I ordered the scallion pancake with sliced beef twice for takeout; the first time it had 4 pieces and tasted pretty good and the second time, it had 3 pieces-the beef was hard and chewy w/no taste. Same with the rice cake-it's good the first time but not the second. I didn't like their pan-fried pork buns; it was way too doughy and didn't have enough filling. I asked them to pan-fry the buns for longer bc I wanted them crunchier and of course, they didn't fulfill my request. Don't expect excellent service from here, they don't care...
We ended up here for my birthday last night because Joe Shanghai was closed and I had to have my pork and pickled cabbage noodle soup and dumplings. This place showed up on Yelp so we decided to walk a few blocks and try it out. There were 4 of us and we all agree that this place has taken over as our new go-to spot! First off, they are open late which is a huge plus. We were promptly seated and given menus and tea. We ordered the Shanghai Pan Noodles, Pork and Pickled Cabbage Noodle Soup, Pork Soup Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Scallion Pancakes with Beef and the fried pork dumplings. The ONLY thing I wasn't too crazy about was the scallion pancake with beef, otherwise everyone else enjoyed them and I thought the regular scallion pancake was so yummy. The soup was very tasty and better than the same one I get at Joe's. Everyone thought it was really good. The Shanghai noodles were gone in less than 5 minutes (and we ordered 2). The dumplings were a hit. Not too heavy and very flavorful. We all pretty much thought this place was outstanding, very clean, nice staff, fast service, great food and prices! We will be making this our new spot!
I'd give it 3.5 stars for solid but not perfect XLB and Chinese chive pockets. My goodness, those Chinese chives were so fresh and green and plentiful. I regret not taking a bag of them to go. The XLB...fantastic but they lost the edge since the last time I was here. I've been here once a year for a few years now, and this time I enjoyed them a bit less than last year. Watch out Nan Xiang, please keep the quality ultra-high like before!The place has a very local feel to it, comfy-but-not-fancy, and arriving right when they opened is good: we got a table immediately but the sit-down and the take-out lines filled up before we left. Food came quickly and hot!
I usually go to this place for the soup dumplings but the last two times our service has been so bad. I went there last night with a few friends and the workers were just horrible. Our waitress didn't write our order down and just grunted and left so we were wondering if our order was going to be placed correctly or not. Since the soup dumplings take while to make, shouldn't you confirm if the order is correct? We ordered a noodle dish, 1 pork and 1 crab basket of soupdumpling for 3 people. Our noodles came out first as expected but we sat there and waited so long for our dumplings and noticed everyone around us who placed their orders after us got theirs first. We didn't complain and when ours finally came she only gave us one basket and we asked if our second one was gonna come later or not? I spoke to her very politely in Chinese and she decided to yell "one! One! One!" over and over at us in English as I was trying to ask her a simple question to her in Mandarin. She could have calmly explained the situation of if it's going to come later or not or just not come at all. She made a huge scene and the whole restaraunt was looking at us wondering what the heck was going on! She just kept yelling one at us untill she finally rolled her eyes and sighed. She didn't apologise and said we have to wait another 20 minutes so we told her we didn't want it anymore which made her even more angry. We didn't want to pick a fight so we let it slide and wanted to get it as fast as possible. Our bill was only about 20 bucks and tip would have been $4 but since our service was so horrible, we didnt get what we ordered, we were humiliated , after we were yelled at nobody came to ask us if we needed anything and nobody came to refill our water or tea... everyone was just avoiding us as if we did something wrong even tho we never raised our voices and we didnt complain. So we left and a male waiter that didn't serve us and we didn't even notice comes running out after us. He had the audacity to ask us for more tip! So I calmy explained to him how rude the waitress was and what horrible service we got and explained why we gave that tip. He was nice and apologied and so we brushed it off and said it's fine. It's okay. Hope next time things are better. When we were turning to leave he grabbed my arm and asked for more tip..... I was so startled but calmly told him I wasn't going to do that because of the bad service and he said " but I said sorry, isn't that good enough? You have to give more tip" we were so shocked at his ignorance and how low he would stoop for another dollar! He wouldn't let us leave! He kept grabbing me while I was trying to turn away and then HE GOT ANGRY AT US! He said that tips were his pay and he needed money...... well if that was the case shouldn't they be nicer to the customers? So then he got even more mad and started to yell as us and every time I turned to walk away he kept grabbing my arm. He stood there yelling at us untill another waiter came out to ask what was going on and he began to  tattle on us like a child!  We were so baffled at the workers here we didn't want to explain ourselves again or get yelled at by a third worker that we turned and walked away before the guy could grab me again. I've been coming here since I was a child with my family but after this experience I never want to set food in that place ever again. They were so friendly when I was young but as time when on their attitude and service has gotten so bad. Even picking up a takeout order is horrible. The large lady sitting at the cash register gives you an attitude when you pick up your take out orders because  interup her afternoon drama shows on her phone.   Sadly I have to give it 1 star when I should be giving it no stars. I've never been more humiliated in my life.
Have been wanting to try out this place since forever and who better to come here with than my bro! We got here at 12 for lunch and were able to snag seats right away. It's a really popular restaurant and there are a lot of diners but it isn't too bad for a weekday lunch. The decor is pretty much your typical Flushing fare but it wasn't dirty, which is a plus. Service was not bad either. We got: Beef scallion pancakes- One of the most highly raved appetizers and I did think it was pretty good. I like how the pancake was very flaky but I would've liked it to be a little bit crispier since it was a little on the greasy side. The beef was very tasty though and the hoisin sauce complimented the beef slice and the pancake very well.Pork soup dumplings- These are definitely high quality soup dumplings and you can tell because the skin is not too thick. Be careful when biting a hole on top to pour the vinegar in because they are freshly made and the soup inside is very hot!Pork with crab meat soup dumplings- Honestly, I did not taste the difference between these and the regular pork soup dumplings so I would suggest just getting the regular ones and saving yourself a dollar.This is the most reviewed restaurant in Flushing and it understandably deserves this title. The place is clean, the service is pretty good, and the food is great. Definitely give this place a try!
One of my favorite of all time  for soup dumplings. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced and this is as authentic Xiao Long bao as it can get. Within the recent years the Resturant has attracted along of people that are curious to try. eater NY and blog sites have consistently mentioned Xiao Long bao so there is quiet a wait for tables after work hours and weekends. The restaurant is also cash only so make sure you make a trip to the bank/atm before going.
One of the better Chinese restaurants around the Flushing area! We wanted to try another restaurant. We found this one. And what a wonderful discovery it turned out to be! When we first arrived at Nan Xiang, we waited about 10 minutes. The wait staff quickly prepared the tables and sat us quickly. We ordered the scallion pancakes. They tasted perfect - like the way they ought to be. We put some spicy condiments on them. It made the pancakes taste even better. For the entree, I ordered the seafood crispy noodle. Since I grew up eating this in Chinatown, I had high expectations. Once I tasted this dish I loved it! We did not need to wait long for our orders. We got refills for our teas. They gave us ginger to put in our teas. When around Flushing, stop over this place. Convenient to the Skyview Mall, you can go shopping after you eat at this place. You will not be disappointed.
This is a soup dumplings go-to place in Flushing area. Their pork or crab/pork xiao long bao has this authentic taste that can stay in your mouth for a few hours. Please have it with vinegar ginger sauce. The skin is thin but strong enough to hold the pork and juice inside. The way you eat it is to bite a small hole on the side of the soup dumplings, pour a tea spoon of vinegar inside, wait for a few seconds to let the heat come out, suck the juice out of it first, and then enjoy the rest of the dumplings anyway you would like. Be careful not to bite off the whole thing, the juice inside could burn your tongue! Some other dishes to order is spicy wonton in chili sauce, scallion pancake with beef, rice cakes and fried noodles etc. Price is very fair, and service is good enough. Food is the best part of this restaurant.
Went inside, got a number, and turned around to go outside to read the reviews taped on the window until our number was called. Once we were triumphantly inside, we checked the menu to see if there was anything else we wanted. I had scoured the many previous Yelp reviews for the most popular recommendations, so had good idea of what we should get. We got the savory soy milk, youtiao, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pork xlb, and Shanghai Shao Mai. The sauce in the scallion pancake with sliced beef seemed like hoisin sauce, which was a nice surprise. My friend liked the vinegar for our xlb. Unfortunately, we waited too long to eat our xlb, so they were a bit cool, and probably not as delicious as when they first arrived at our table. What I thought was a reasonable amount of food for two people turned out to be a lot more - I didn't feel hungry for the rest of the day. It was worth it!
Noddles are no better than a regular Chinese place. Came here because New world mall was closed. Don't rust yelp review. This place is horrible. Also they don't bring you water unless you ask several times.
CASH ONLYYou know the Chinese restaurant is good when there's a line forming outside. You know it's a really good Chinese restaurant when even white people are waiting outside for it. I would say to definitely get the soup dumplings (pork is good, don't think you need to pay an extra dollar for the crab and pork mix), I got one order just for myself. My friends and I also got spicy tripe (they only make a limited amount of it in the morning and sell until it sells out, which can happen in a short amount of time) and the scallion beef pancakes and the scallion rice cake dish. All are really good, the amount of beef in the pancakes is very little though so don't think you need to pay extra for it, just get the scallion pancakes. We also got an order of soy milk, and all of it, with tax and tip, came out to be $50.
Spicy beef noodle is good but the pepper is very spicy. Good place to take a quick meal. It's crowded during lunch time but the price is very reasonable. Steam vegetable dumpling is not that good.
So we decided to try this place because my sister wanted soup dumplings. I learned that it is called dim sum. We tried the pork and crab dim sum. It was so flavorful. And the price was great. Just be careful coz the filling is super hot. Dont go chomping down. I wish the staff would show us how to eat it, we had to spy on others to figure out how to eat it. Definitively would come back for more dim sum. Not a huge fan of the scallion pancakes. If you are indian they taste like a poori. Definitely need something to eat with it. Very blah on ita own. The tea was good. Dont get the sweetened soy milk.
I came for the xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and I was not disappointed. For $5.50 you get 6 juicy, soft, flavorful soup dumplings. The dumpling skin is just thick enough to keep all the delicious broth from leaking out when you pick it up with chopsticks. Best xiaolongbao I've ever tried!We also ordered sheng jian bao (pan fried pork buns) and scallion pancakes. These were not as memorable as the soup dumplings but they were still tasty. The pork buns could've used more meat in the center but the filling was savory and the bottom was perfectly crispy. The scallion pancakes were a bit too salty and greasy, so I don't think I will be ordering them again.Our server seemed a bit cold and didn't really check up on us after we placed our order. We had to walk up to the hostess to ask for a check. However, the food was great so I will be coming back for sure.
There are three sections to this restaurant and wait time is about 15 minutes for a table for 2 on Saturday night. There isn't a lot of space, so you will be eating elbow to elbow and possibly joining in on your neighbors conversation. The menu is simple with the Shanghai staples. My boyfriend and I got two orders of soup dumplings, 1 crab/pork and 1 pork. Flavors are much cleaner than Joe's Shanghai. It's not too oily either. I saw a lot of others things people were ordering and it looked hella appetizing. Easily a quick lunch spot in Flushing. Staff could be a little more attentive.
Nice place to visit in flushing.  Nice people. Would recommend to read reviews. Try it your self to experience of the lifetime. I would probably  come sometimes in the future to see if there are even better then now.
SO YUM! Omg. Try the dumplings, of course, but also the rice cakes and the seafood noodles.
Wonderful, but not as amazing as you would expect from a  Michelin-rated restaurant.
Favorite place for soup dumplings, pan fried noodles, rice cakes with meat and veggies, and scallion pancakes.  Top notch and cheap!  Gets crowded at peak times during weekends though.
Pork and crab meat XLB (6). $7.50.Soy peas, cabbage, and shredded bean curd. $4.95.This place is cash only.1) Pork and crab meat XLBExcellent!!! It has been a few years since I had these most recently, and I revisited. This place still got it. Great and reliable as before.Crab meat is definitely present. The texture is right. The taste is delicate and subtle yet flavorful. Of course it is juicy, and you get a little bowl to let you devour all of the tasty soup. You get julienned ginger in a small bowl to freshen your taste. Black vinegar is on each table (a must).2) Soy peas (edamame), cabbage, and shredded bean curdDefinitely recommended. Find this under the cold appetizer. Mildly salted with a hint of roasted garlic and red chili in sunflower (?) or sesame oil. This dish might taste great mixed with bifun, on top of ramen, or with a steamed bun. Tasty and very versatile dish.The service is attentive (Sunday at around 9pm; staff members make sure you have enough tea and your needs are met) and the dining hall is very clean (as it has been). The tea could have been barley tea, which is caffein-free and has a ton of health benefits. Very thoughtful for a late night dinner. A sure bet for a great meal.
Food- 3.5/Service- 4Came here on Friday night and there were plenty of tables (due to the restaurant's extension). We ordered the original (pork) dumplings, crab dumplings, pork & cabbage noodles, and sweet soy milk.  The soup and fillings for both dumplings were okay although I would prefer the original. I don't think the crab dumplings are worth it. As for the pork & cabbage noodles, there were very few pieces of pork. The bowl was literally covered with cabbage pieces.  The service was pretty quick and attentive.
My wife and I spent a week in NYC where we literally ate Xiao Long Bao every day. Sometimes twice. I'll save you the suspense. These are the best. We didn't try the crab with pork here, but the all pork soup dumplings are as perfect as they can be.
The unorganized service and sour attitude from the staff workers here left a sour taste in my mouth. I'm going to opt for other dumpling shops to go to.I came in for a solo dinner, and confusion ensued within minutes of my entering in: when I asked for a table for one, the server didn't guide me to the specific table she wanted me to be at, but pointed her hand to the front corner of the eatery, then went back into the kitchen. That was a problem, since I ended up sitting at a table that was already occupied: a different server started speaking me in Chinese, to which I said, "I don't speak Chinese." She told me disgruntingly, "Someone else is already sitting there!" and directed me to a table in the back of the eatery. I responded by saying that another server told me I could sit in the front area, so she moved me to another table there. This second server had a frown on her face as she asked me what food that I wanted; I told her my order, but tuned into the troublesome vibes I was getting from this place. So as she approached my table with the cold soy milk I had asked for, I told her to cancel my order, that I didn't want to eat there anymore.I approached the two staff workers at the front table, repeating that I wanted to cancel my order. Neither of them looked like they cared about what was happening as I told one of them, "You really need to make your service better here," to which she dismissingly said, "It's okay!" I answered, "It's not okay", and walked out.
The sheer volume of rave reviews for this place speak for themselves, but I'll throw another one into the mix, with emphasis on their great vegetarian options. I've been here three or more times at this point, and I'm never short of 100% satisfied with the food. The vegetable dumplings are some of the best I've ever had; they're huge, the filling is flavorful, and their vinegar-ginger dipping sauce provides a fusion of flavors that is just on another level. I also can't speak highly enough about the variety (and quality) of their vegetable side dishes. I usually order a lot since they're so cheap, and all are great.Standouts include:-Fried bean gluten: basically what is called "seitan" in most vegan restaurants today. The dish comes with some black mushrooms and a thick, flavorful sauce. Very filling.-Edamame, spinach, and tofu: pretty straightforward, but really good.-Cucumber and garlic: relatively basic and simple dish, but with a ton of added garlic that makes it standout from other iterations of traditional pickled cucumber. So good.-Chinese black mushrooms: AKA "wood ear" mushrooms, these are are also prepared with lots of garlic and offer a super interesting texture that I love.-Shredded potato and pepper: a bit pickled, with a bit of garlic, maybe some other sauce - this one is also a regular order and never fails to impress.In conclusion: everything is amazing and I am always looking forward to my next meal here.
Solid place.  Had not been in the area for ~8 years, looks a lot different. Just keep on ordering till you are full.  Service was good and food comes out fast.
Service has gotten worse 2/10 . What is consider a good customer service? No refill tea or water. No greeting nor thank you. They seem to care about foreign customers more than the Chinese customers. But if you're Chinese they will assume you speak Chinese! Don't even deserve 15% tips. Must come for the soup dumplings!! But the size somewhat looks smaller every time I come here! The sauce is now on each individual tables. 8/10Pork and vegetable noodle soup 7/10: more vegetable than pork! The amount of soup and noodle are not the same amount. Wonton with peanut sauce 2/10: DO NOT GET! fake wontons, they are more suitable for foreigner who can't tell the difference between real and fake wontons. The portion of the fillings is ridiculous small!
I've had better, but this place does it pretty well. Not sure if I'm doing this place injustice because my standards for soup dumplings are pretty high. The soup was pretty good but the skin was thick. We got a pork soup dumplings basket as well as a pork and crab one, and we also got two orders of the beef rolled in scallion pancake (3 pieces on each plate). The soup dumplings had lots of soup, meat was tender and not dry, quite flavorful too. The beef rolled in scallion pancake was quite chewy but definitely could have done with more meat! Meat could have had more flavor too; they dumped a bunch of sauce onto it. Price pretty fair, not too expensive, this all came out to be around $25 post-tax (could feed 2-3 people for a meal).
Amazing XLB; delicious, filling, quick and easy on the wallet. The broth is really good without being too greasy. I also like that there are small sticks of ginger in the soy sauce, which is served with a little spoon that you can use to pour soy sauce into the dumpling. Cash only establishment so make sure to bring enough.
I was immediately put off with the very limited menu... I should have went to the other dimsum joint on yelp i thought.. The one with 1300 less reviews.What was I thinking?Walking into Nan Xiang was under the guidance of the invisible hand of the lord. The Soup Dumplings here are nothing short of a religious experience. The broth has a velvet silkiness to it that immediately invalidates all previous prejudice. Take my advisement. All other soup dumplings are just charlatans. they exist to confuse.. to make you think that any schmuck can put soup inside a noodle and its aaaall good.. And its true.. they are all good. And I am sure you have had "good" soup dumplings. So have I.. From Stanton Social to Southeast Asia! But here in Flushing Queens is the ultimate Beacon of hope for the world! The Reigning Champion of Soup Dumplings My friends... do yourself a favor. Stop whatever it is you are doing at the moment and alter your current trajectory and put your destiny on a collision course for 38-12 Prince Street, Flushing Queens. Namaste, and bring CASH.
Had my eye on this place for a while now. Nice big restaurant with plenty of seating,and cozy booths. Great menu options, little bit of everything to choose from. My wife  and I ordered soup. For the entree we went with kung pao chicken. Hot and sour soup was delicious! Actually, best I ever tasted. Cant say the same for chicken and corn. Bit too much flavor, just didnt taste right for me. The entree was very good. Just enough portion for twoa pple to share. Real pieces of chicken breast, and  and vegetables . Very delicious. Service was very good. We were always taken care of and wait for food wasnt long at all. Honestly, great place for for birthday  dining. Good food and service. Next time want to try the beef ( they were out of those) and chicken with mixed veggies. My only complaint is the tiny rice bowl that comes with the dish. Just enough for one person. Maybe, its just me? Either way still coming back. Craving for that  noodls soup already!
Although soup dumpling were great the scallion pancakes were not hot and seemed undercooked.Otherwise it's very good
I've been meaning to try this place for a while but parking is always a hassle. I finally made it in tonight and it was worth the trouble. The soup dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but they were still very good. Juicy and a thick enough skin to hold up. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef but they forgot the beef and the plain pancake was good enough that we left it off. It was chewy yet flakey and only slightly greasy. The handmade dumplings were just OK. I could've done without them. Definitely glad I made it in. Not sure I'd make an excursion to return but would definitely stop in if I'm nearby.
Nan Xiang definitely warrants its popularity. The soup dumplings are their claim to fame. The delectable soup (not overbearingly fatty yet not bland), the thin wrapping, the delicious meat. They're definitely good, but there are a plethora of other great dishes as well -- crispy dough, chives pockets, scallion pancakes (with beef as well), etc. While service leaves much to be desired, the food deserves praise. Waits should be expected as well.
Hands down one of my favorite spots for some juicy Shanghainese soup dumplings.  The restaurant can get pretty busy during lunch and dinner hours, especially during the weekends, but be patient because it will be worth the wait!  Apparently, this restaurant used to take up half the area it currently occupies.  As I was informed, due to rapidly-booming business, it took over a neighboring business' space and became what it is now, a pretty roomy and successful Shanghainese restaurant.  Besides the crabmeat soup dumplings, I am a fan of their soybean milk, which comes in a ginormous bowl if you order it hot.  I also love their rice cakes, Shanghainese Siu Mai and cold dishes (spicy beef & tripe, gluten, cucumbers, etc).  Don't set your expectations too high with the service, as it is, after all, an Asian restaurant.  Just stop by for some simply made yet delicious food that will leave you craving for more.
This place has pretty good xlb, way better than the ones at joe's Shanghai. The broth tasted clear and light and the skin was thin. I also got the sweet soy milk to go with the xlb. The soy milk was good, beats the ones that u buy in a can. Came here on a Sunday, around 2:40pm, no wait and was quickly seated. But right around 3 or later, there were a lot of people waiting to get seated.
My go-to soup dumpling spot. Prepare to wait a bit, there always seems to be a line. Dishes you can't go wrong with:Crab/pork soup dumplings Scallion pancake with beefShanghai fried udonRice cake with mustard greensSalty soybean soup? Not sure what it's called in English (picture below)
I have been to this place at least a hundred times in the past few years-- but for some reason never bothered to write a review.... this past week I ate here twice and I think it's time.First of all-- (this may become irrelevant), but it's great for Pokemon Go players. The place is next to a whole bunch of Poke Stops and you just KNOW people are using lure here. It's hard to play and eat, but it is your call and this is completely a harmless tip.Now on to the place, super quick service and great Chinese food. People come here for the soup dumplings (which is great by the way, totally recommend it)-- but I much rather a simple soy bean drink along with a sauced noodle for a quick meal. A decently priced meal, with that authentic Chinese feel, and a full bellaaay is what I come for ;)P.S. I am obsessed with kao fu, but would not recommend the kao fu here (they don't really go shanghai styled on it, so it's not especially flavorful).
Not the best NYC Shanghainese cuisine I've had but the xiao long bao was great!  Definitely will reorder this if we return.  Most likely my palette but I (and husband too) did not like the the seaweed dish.  We also ordered beef Shanghai/udon noodles which was tasty but was way too greasy for our liking.  Out of ignorance, I ordered the Shanghai dim sum thinking it would be filled predominantly wit meat but instead found they were filled with rice.  Our go-to xiao long bao and other Shanghainese dishes are Shanghai cafe deluxe in Mott St in Manhattan and Kung Fu xiao long bao on Main St in Queens.
mehhhh dis was aighttttttt. the service was p jankythey took like 15 minutes to bring menus to me and my friend after seating us so we just sat there w and it was awkwardwe had soup dumplings & fried pork bunswhich were....kinda bland n hard 2 finish n not v memorable mehhhh (｡**｡)
I come here all the time.  Best soup dumplings ever!!!! This is the place to go to for good food.
Excellent food at excellent prices! My husband and I ordered 4 dishes to share and we were really full by the end! We of course ordered soup dumplings, which we burnt our mouth on as they were so hot ha! So make sure you let them cool before eating them. We also ordered beef scallion pancakes which were AMAZING, I actually preferred them to the soup dumplings. We also had red bean puffs and steamed dim sum. The service was great, we actually missed our number being called (don't think it was called in English), but once they realised we missed it they seated us straight away. They were always on top of refills for our tea and the cheque and our change was brought quickly. I most definitely will recommend this place to friends and will be back myself! Great value.
My mother wasn't a very good singer. Neither was my Dad, nor any of my Uncles or Aunties. So I sometimes wonder how I ended up as a singer. Then one day, I saw an old, grainy video of my grandmother singing. Oh my goodness! She had the voice of an angel. The whole world stopped and listened whenever my "Nan Sang." So much so that this restaurant is even named after how beautiful it was when my "Nan Sang" (Nan Xiang in Chinese). So now you know.What to get: Pork Soup DumplingsWhat else: Just do what I said and get the Pork Soup Dumplings, k?What about your Nan: She's dead, alright? But she could carry a tune. End of cute story. Shut up.Why are you so angry today: I have a gun permit. So hand over your tampon okay.What does that mean: It's a Texas joke.Oh: Yeah.If a regular guitar is too big for your grandmother, then get her a "Nan Banjo." If she's broken a bone, she needs a "Nan Xray." And if she's a Sheriff in a small town that still builds gallows for criminals, then you should probably attend a "Nan Hanging" just to see what a violent bloodthirsty woman your granny is.Nan Xiang is one of the best Chinese meals I've ever had. Bear in mind the food is a bit oily but I *love* oily food, so. Certainly the tastiest and juiciest and hottest dumplings I've ever eaten. Now bear in mind, I'm no expert on dumplings and never usually order them. But when the entire Yelp community raves about this place for its incredible dumplings, I'm obviously going to stop in and try it. And I totally fell in love with it. The service is lovely. The prices are extremely, surprisingly affordable for such a popular place, so busy, with great decor. There's a mixture of tourists and natives, Asian Americans and other Americans, and a hefty dose of foreigners too.My grandma always used to speak in her own language. I called it "Nan Slang." She also used to use an extension cord to kill people. Her form of asphyxiation was known as Grandma Strangling or "Nan Strang" for short. I know, it's a little morbid. But like everything I ever wanted on E-Bay, I never had the final say. There were always morbids at the last minute.But this is far from a tourist place. It's a "hole in wall". You can see the huge jets thundering overhead on their way to LaGuardia. You can see the hookers in the alleyway peddling their wares. You can taste the scalding deliciousness shooting out from inside the dumpling. Okay I lied about the hookers. But don't burn your mouth on the dumpling juice.If "p**ntang" is slang for p***y then what is "Nan Tang"?It reminds me of something else. I can't think what. What else is it that when you bite into it shoots scalding hot salty juice down your throat? Which you then hungrily swallow down while rolling your eyes back orgasmically? I can't remember. Anyway. These dumplings. Are. The. Bomb. Dot. Com. What a silly expression, but I used it, and it's done. We move on.Crap I just missed a call from my Grandma. I didn't even realize my "Nan Rang."It was part of my Queens food tour this past spring. I tried White Bear, Xi'an (yet again), Lamb Noodle Soup, Kimganae Korean, and many more. None of them were better than Nan Xiang (except maybe Xi'an). Everyone who loves dumplings and loves Chinese food should come in here and give these cheap, filling, delicious dumplings a try. Yummmmmm. I can comfortably say these are the best dumplings I've ever had.Now I know you like g*ngbangs, but have you ever been to "Nan Bang"? It allows older ladies to live out their fantasies of having multiple partners at the same time. You'd love it. If you love nans. Or if you are a nan who loves boys. Or whatever. Only in NYC.And by the way I never take my own trash out. I have these little kids from across the street come over, and take my trash wherever I want them to. Because my trash contains all sorts of illegal stuff such as body parts, I mean broken glass, I mean, well, whatever. Drugs maybe. Idk. Anyway I call the kids my "Dumplings." I don't care if that's weird. A man having no hair anywhere on his body is not weird either, according to Genesis. And no I don't mean the Bible. Much better than that. Check it out.youtube.com/watch?v=lad6…Told ya.
Just waited 45 min for soup dumplings. Checked with the staff 2x about our order. Got fed up with the lack of concern and am leaving now. Many tables have come and go, but our dumplings are nowhere to be found. /edit, another table behind us with a hispanic family also waited extremely long for their xlb and were mad. My bf is Dominican, so maybe they're racist against Hispanics?I will say that the fried pork buns and beef pancake that came lightning fast were delicious.
Service is always pretty snappy and bad, but the beef pancake rolls totally make it worth it and more. Make sure your order is understood correctly! Ask for a receipt! I made the mistake of not checking, only to come home to a wrong order. The XLB here are okay, but they do package them up pretty nicely so they don't stick to each other. Just make sure you get the beef rolls :)
This place is definitely overhyped. I don't understand what is so good about this place. Once the waiter took us to our seats, I find a pile of water on my chair. He just looked at it and continue doing what he was doing and I had to wipe the puddle of water on my seat myself. Once I sat down my boyfriend pointed out to me that his spoon was dirty with stains of brown marks on it. I looked at my spoon and sure enough, there was a stain. It was pretty disgusting at this point. We ordered our food excitingly hoping it will get better at this point. It didn't. My boyfriend got the pork noodle soup. The whole soup was super oily, the noodles were oily. I don't understand why there were so much oil in a plain noodle soup. I got the Shanghai pan fried udon and it was just sparkling in oil. It was drenched in oil everywhere. I ate a few bites and I just couldn't take it anymore. It was super oily and it was hard noodles. It tasted like it was undercooked. When I ask for another pair of spoon my for boyfriend and I, the waiter ignored us. They really should hire better people. I needed napkins and I see the waiter on his phone texting in front of everyone. It was just annoying and unprofessional. Knowing that I can get better food and better service for the same price is really disappointing. I had a very unpleasant time at this restaurant and will not be returning.
Been here plenty of times, great prices, and plenty of seating. Well known place for soup dumplings. What to get: steamed pork buns, steamed crab meat & pork buns, scallion pancake w/sliced beef, crispy dough, sweet soy bean milk. Gets packed on the weekend but definitely worth the wait.
My Friends Matt, Billy, and Steve have been raving about this place for years.  I was not disappointed   Must try
This place is great.  Cash only.  I had the scallion pancakes, steamed pork buns and crispy noodles with chicken.  It was so good.  Service was fast.  I highly recommend it.
Pros: the food was amazing. I've had xiao long baos at so many good places in both ny and la and this place ranks at the top. There was so much juice in these baos. Not a single one was dry and the flavor was so deep. Onion pancake was also a great appetizer. Spicy noodle was good too but not a stunner like the xiao long baos. Cons: it was so hot inside the restaurant. I felt like I couldn't breath during the entire meal. Also with the lack of space you're literally sitting right next to strangers.  In the end, would come back just to have the amazing xiao long baos.
As a Chinese person I can certify the food's great!10/10 would go with Xiao Long Bao again!(Place doesn't accept credit card though)
Nan Xiang ranks 2nd in my list for the best Xiao Long Baos I've ever tasted. Definitely the best I've had in NYC. Food: These were the larges XLBs I've seen. I knew when I picked them up it would be sloppy because it looked like there was going to be a lot of soup. Definitely the largest and with the most soup I've ever seen. Odd they give you a spoon that doesn't fit the whole XLB. Things got a bit sloppy. I ordered the regular and the crab XLBs. I preferred the crab one. Ordered a shanghai rice cake dish as well. It was decent but nothing special. Lightly flavored with minimal protein. Service: Quick Chinese service. Staff was pretty on top of things. They were on a constant move. Environment: Definitely has a cheaper feel to it compare to Din Tai Fung, but nicer than Joe's Shanghai. Price: Cheap for the quality and portions. Food: 5Service: 4Environment: 4Price: 5
This is our go to place after a massage along Roosevelt. Xiao long bao is always good and just recently tried the scallion pancake with beef and was also superb. We also order the panfried noodles pretty much everytime we go here. Boyfriend loves their spicy beef noodle soup.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is one of my absolute favorite go-to places with my friends and family. They have a great environment for groups and many seats to accommodate the many people who come in and eat their delicious Asian cuisine. Everything is well priced and a person can easily spend $10-$20 and find themselves completely satisfied with a full belly. Something unique to Nan Xiang Dumpling House is that they have a station enclosed in glass walls to display how their employees hand-make their soup dumplings. If you've never had soup dumplings before, I highly recommend them---especially from Nan Xiang Dumpling House because they have the best quality soup dumplings I've ever tasted in NYC. Make sure to bring cash when you go because they do not accept credit cards, and come with an appetite!
Best xiao long bao restaurant in Queens. And I've been to many soup dumplings houses. Steamed dumplings skin is delicate so be careful when you lift it off from the steamer. My typical order of 3 regular (not crab) xlb dumplings... 1 fried xlb dumplings... and 1 stir fried beef udon noodle dish for 2 people. We tend to take the noodles home as left overs.  I visit 1 a month.
The menu items are palatable, not nearly as high in quality or artistically made as the same menu items as ordered in China or Taiwan, but serve as acceptable substitutes for the occasional fix.The 牛肉夾蔥油餅 (Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef) and the 南翔小籠包 (Nanxiang Steamed Pork Buns) are highly recommended for first-time visitors. The scallion pancakes were a bit thick, ~5 mm, so not very crunchy but still chewy. The 小籠包 are not pork "buns", as the listed on the English menu, but thin-skinned xiaolongbao filled with ground pork, chives, and a hot broth--which was more oil than broth (so don't expect to relive your Din Tai Fung fantasies here).The breakfast and cold appetizer items are a refreshing foil to some of the greasier menu items, but I was quite disappointed by the 甜糯米飯糰 (sweet onigiri) from the breakfast menu. As you can see from my photo, the "Sweet Sticky Rice Roll" consists of only rice, 油條, and  white sugar--not brown sugar, not ground peanuts, not black sesame paste, not soy sauce--all-purpose white SUGAR. No vegetables, no meat, no 肉鬆, no eggs. I regret ordering this because I could have made it at home, minus the 油條--saving myself the $2.95 I paid for just warm white rice, fried dough, and sugar packets from the coffee shop down the street.Table service was acceptable. Wait staff were attentive in refilling tea.This establishment falls short of a four-star rating because one grungy co-ed restroom is not nearly adequate to service an entire restaurant of 80+ customers and staff. Cash only. No reservations accepted, so FCFS for groups.
The soup dumplings were pretty good. We had both the pork dumpling and the crab / pork dumpling. I liked the pork dumpling better. The stir fry udon and rice cake noodles were both tasty. I wish it was not as oily though. It was not busy when we were there but for some reason the waitress was anxious to clear some plates. The udon dish was not done and she was rushing us to empty the plate so she can take it away.
Poor hygiene, long waiting time. Waitress don't take customers even tables are empty.
After waiting 15 mins to order our food. Other table that was seated after us even got their food! We first received our chicken in white wine sauce and cucumber. Then she came by to ask if we are ready for the check, even though our main course soup dumplings and dry pepper & beef noodles haven't arrived yet. She looked very confused, asked what else did we order! Finally all our food came!!!After paying for our delicious meal in CASH! I was looking through my wallet, started taking out dollar bills. At that moment, she passed by glanced over and stopped at our table to remind us that minimum tip rate is 15% - which is $5. Mind you I never ever in life, tip less than 15% ever for slow and rude services!!!! I was once a waiter, I know how that might feel!
Insanely cheap! Great for late night eats but the soup dumplings here are just OK.6 pork XLB (soup dumplings) for $5.95. 3 stars. The skin was too thick and slightly undercooked. Generously meaty and soupy though. I also like that they give you tongs so that you don't break the skin.6 crab and pork XLB for $6.95. 2.5 stars. Stick to the pork ones especially if you're not a fan of crab roe. Seafood taste overpowered the pork.Fried Bean Gluten $5.95. 5 stars. An acquired taste so stay away if you're not a fan of greasy tofu. Flavorful and just the right amount of chewy,They make it just like my aunt does back in Taiwan. The mushrooms and bamboo shoots that accompany the gluten are equally delightful.Cold sweet soy milk for $1.50. 5 stars. Authentic. None of that American Silk crap.
Finally made the trek out here to try these famous soup dumplings. Fairly long wait 30$ min for table for two on a Friday night; however they give you a ticket and you can go outs and about in flushing and grab some bubble tea while you wait. Soup dumplings: as good as any other. I have to say though the dough was a little thicker in comparison to other recent soup dumpling places I've tried recently. Perhaps some prefer this but prefer the dough on the thinner side. Regretfully didn't get to try the scallion pancakes with beef filling...
Love this place for their soup dumplings and veg chicken and tufu.  A long wait line is worth it.
Very bad customer service.... long wait on everything. don't go have here!!! There is so many restaurants in flushing. Why going somewhere that is unpleasant?
I fell in love with Chinese food after my visit here. Being a Korean, I never had authentic Shanghai food. I've had my fair share of Peking duck but that was the extent of my Chinese food experience. Since I came to visit NYC for the first time, my friends decided to take me here saying it would be worth it. And I can say that they were right. This is one of those cash only hidden restaurants. Once we got here,we ordered a wide variety of stuff of which none failed to disappoint. starting with the scallion pancake with beef i believe, and the soup dumplings with crab and pork. After feeling like we were lacking another dish, we ordered a pig ear dish which was surprisingly delicious. To those who have not tried it try it! It does not taste odd funky crazy or any other negative adjective that might come to mind haha. Oh and did I mention 9 people ate comfortable for about $100.
**TOURIST HUB**Food is so mediocre. Service is so crappy. I got the braised beef noodle soup, two orders of the pork soup dumplings and one of the crab, and the xiao mei. The braised beef noodle soup was lackluster: It came with 3-4 pieces of cilantro, the noodles were doughy, and the soup was thin. The menu said it was spicy but to who?? I had to ask for the chili peppers two times from a waiter because it wasn't on our tables and he forgot the first time i asked. The restaurant wasn't even busy; half my time there I saw him standing on the side and waiting for the food to come out from the kitchen.  The soup dumplings were doughy (but not as much as joe shanghai's i'll give them that)The XIAO MEI. Apparently the waiters have a hard time keeping track of orders because we received scallion pancakes which we didn't order, but was charged for, AND the xiao mei came 10 minutes after we got the rest of the meal. We spotted it first on the table next to ours, and after the couple told the waiter it wasn't theres, it traveled across the other side of the restaurant and eventually found its way to us. They were cold and the taste didn't do any justice to the wait. After the horrible service i received the first time i came last year, i decided to give this another shot, and was just completely enamored by how crappy their service is. I don't bother writing reviews of crappy restaurants but this one was especially bad. I went to kung fu xiao long bao the next day and received food and service that was a hundredfold better than this restaurant's. Do yourself a favor and CHECK KUNG FU out!!!!!!!!! Dear tourists, this is where you want to get your soup dumpling experience!!!
Decided to head over to Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao for an early lunch via NYC subway. It was well worth the trip. I'm used to Din Tai Fung's thin wrapper dumplings. I don't believe Din Tai Fung has made it to the east coast. There are several in California. Din Tai Fung's juicy steam dumplings are the standard I use to rate dumplings. Din Tai Fung's wrapper is super thin and delicate. So, when I say "thick," it's all relative.I've had other soup dumplings with thick wrappers, and they have all been subpar. I thought that the thick wrapper took away from the flavor of the broth. Well...Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao proved me wrong. The broth, encased in the thick stretchy wrapper, was rich & flavorful! You can't go wrong with the steamed pork buns and the steamed crab & pork buns.
Cash only!!! This place was delicious. Comparing it to Din Tai Fung (my go-to), the XLB had more meat and more soup. The scallion pancake with the sliced beef was to die for! It combines two of my fave dishes - they add the beef with the Peking duck fixings (sauce, scallions)! It's a must order. Definitely coming back!
Been here twice for dinner.  Definitely not worth the crazy wait.  Ordered a soup dumpling, rice cake, pan fried seafood noodle which had a ton of cabbage. They were all decent to me.
Ive came here a dozen of times.  Food is good.  Dumplings take longer than expected but for the taste and price its worth the wait.
A haiku:Take the 7 trainEat cheap, great xiao long bao and Badly burn your face
At first I thought omg this place is small but thank god expansion of tables in the next room. We were #13 and they only called up to #7. Inside of the restaurant is full blast of AC sooooo cool! My mom looked over the menu so that way when we are seated and ordered right away. The servers brings out the food fast after you place in your order. Food: Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, and a bowl Shanghai Wonton SoupOmfg everything that we ordered was AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! The wonton soup was so yummy and guilty to say its a little better than my mom...hope she doesn't kill me lol Not sure what else they add into the pork and vegetable filling!!! Seaweed with dried shrimps in the yummy broth!Mmmmm love the crispy scallion pancake wrapped around the sliced beef and that delicious sauce...I believe its also use in eating Peking Duck!I love the Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao way more than that boring ass pork only filling. The soup that I sucked up was soooooo yummy and it burnt my tongue. The ingredients are so fresh and I love every bite baby! Definitely a comeback spot! I couldn't believe its right next to my other love 66 Lu's Seafood =P CASH ONLY!!
Yes! Officially my favorite soup dumpling restaurant! Sorry, Joe's Shanghai and Joe's Ginger. The restaurant is always packed on weekend nights so keep that in mind when coming here. However, if you get here around 7pm, you should be able to grab a table. The restaurant is no frills, but the service is actually quite decent compared to my other experiences in Chinatown and Flushing.As for the food ... 2 words ... Soup Dumplings! Immediately, after you plop down on your seat, you should ask for an order of soup dumplings -- as to which type of protein feel free to ask the waiter. Then after that, feel free to browse the menu and order miscellaneous items of your liking. Personally, I'm a huge cold appetizers and crispy noodle fan so we also ordered the:Jelly Fish - The Jelly Fish is servede with Turnip, so it might turn off some people, but more the merrier for me! The Jelly Fish was real flavorful and some of the best I've ever had.Scallion Pancake with Slice Beef - They serve you 3 huge pieces. The skin was soft and the beef was marinated perfectly inside the pancake. Despite being full, we devoured this with ease.Crispy Noodle with Shredded Chicken - Another excellent dish! The noodle was very cripsy and there was more than a fair share of chicken, mushrooms, misc toppings and sauce.As for the soup dumplings, they were very good too. We were used to being served the customary 8 pieces at other restaurants, so were a bit surprised to only see 6 in one order. Other than that, no complaints. I definitely will be planning more future trips here .... very very soon!
Normally I go for Joe Shanghai's when I think of soup dumplings but when visiting Flushing, Nan Xiang Dumpling House is where the soup dumplings are at!At a cheaper price, you have the option of either the Pork or Pork and Crab soup dumplings.  We had both which came with 6 nicely sized dumplings filled with so much delicious soup.   The two options had different flavors to the soup but they were both full of flavor and not bland like some other places that try to do soup dumplings.  I would go to say that this soup dumpling rivals that of Joe Shanghai's!Not a perfect 5 star rating though.  We did order other things on the menu which were mediocre at best.   We had the beef over crispy noodles and while the noodles were very delicious, the beef were cut into very, very thin strips.   There was so little beef in the dish so it was disappointing.  We did also order a 'cold' appetizer in the Spicy Beef and Tripe dish.   Again, disappointed.  Way too much tripe and not enough beef.  The little bit of beef found among the heaps of tripe were seasoned pretty good though.Ending note/ Pro tip:  Just come here for the soup dumplings, order a lot, and that's it!
terrible experience for takeout. Tofu is not cook well . Make me so sick of it. Don't come this place ever when u finish ur food. U can feel ur stomach really uncomfortable.  I throw away all the food. Really really terrible feelings! Never gonna come again .
We helped this place when were in the area. We ordered 6 dishes the udon noodles very fresh and tasty, the scallion pancakes were fluffy and crunchy and not greasy at all. Pork fried dumplings were really good, the shredded potato salad who would have thought ? Incredibly tasty I have to learn  to make this and the cucumber and garlic salad.i can't say enough about those two dishes don't eat here with out ordering these. The pork dumplings in peanut sauce I didn't try, they came out last and by that time I was stuffed! My boyfriend reports that the first bite was ok then the combination of flavors hit the back of his tongue and it was incredible flavor. I left out one star because the floors were really Dirty and the tags they wiped the tables with needed to be burned.
A mecca for xiaolongbao in NY. It is a bit of a journey out to Flushing on the temperamental 7 train. Nevertheless, Nan Xiang XLB's soup to dumpling ratio is the highest that I've ever consumed. The steaming broth fills and satisfies all crevices of your mouth. Get the scallion pancake with sliced beef to round out your hearty meal. I would make a trek out here once in a dumpling moon, but other Shanghainese restaurants in Manhattan are more than enough to satisfy my urges.
Growing up in Flushing, finding places to eat soup dumplings were always an adventure for my family. Nan Xiang is decent, but I don't understand all the hype. The staff (when I went in the morning) were kind of rude and the food is mediocre at best. I'm sure this restaurant has seen better days, but places such as Shanghai You Garden offer better quality soup dumplings (with a free basket if you bought over $10 worth of food)
I do love good xiao long bao's (XLB for short). They have been more consistent now.  Really enjoy their various breakfast food-  Scallion pancake, pan fried buns, salty and sweet tofu pudding.  It's all good.  Gotta get there early ( before 10am) or you will have a long wait.
Without question, my favorite Shanghainese breakfast spot in New York. It's a bit out of the way for me (It's located in Downtown Flushing), but definitely worth a visit when you're in the area and even worth making a trip on the 7 train. Get the soup dumplings, some scallion pancakes with or sans beef, some tripe, and you'll be a happy and full human. You will usually have to queue for a little bit (or a long bit), but you'll be glad that you did.
I was hankering for something tasty when I stumbled on this place through Yelp. So I got my trusty metro card and swiped my way to flushing, queens. The restaurant is extremely big, because I originally thought it was small until the waitress walked my sister and I through the restaurant to a spacious seating area. We didn't have to wait long to be seated or served we got there around 1 o'clock and all the waitress were very attentive. We were seated and handed menus immediately. My sister and I ordered the crab and pork dumplings, the beef scallion pancake, and the seafood udon noodles. Since Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao serves large portion were shared everything. Let's talk about how good the seafood udon noodles were, which consisted of shrimp and crab meat. That was the first dish that was served to us and it was hot as in the noodle had steam coming off of them, but it was not scolding hot.  That how food should be severed to customers. It was delicious, using my chop sticks I pick up those noodles and it tasted like a well season noodle from heaven. I loved it,  the udon noodles were extremely good. Whatever sauced they used on the udon noodles,it  was absorbed by the shrimp and Crab meat and it enhances the savory flavor. The udon seafood dish is to die for, literally.  I also noticed that the udon noodles had mini Bok Choy leaves in it. Our second dish that came out was the steamed pork and crab soup dumpling. The crab and pork are minced and mixed together inside the dumpling. That's another must try dish, it tasted amazing. The moment my sister bit into the dumpling the soup juice squirted all over the table. That was pretty funny, I knew it was good because she wasn't speaking just chewing. The beef scallion pancake was okay, whatever sauce was inside I guess it was barbecue sauce made it too sweet. The scallion pancake itself tasted good but I didn't like that sweet sauce inside of it, not my favorite. However, I loved the service; the atmosphere; and the food. I highly recommend that you come out here and try the food. Get the udon noodles,lol!
UPDATE: still 5 stars. Awesome consistency with the wrapper. Not too thick and not too thin. It has the perfect balance to hold the flavorful, juicy broth inside.
Just a short walk from the mall, my family and I traveled after our shopping trip and were seated right away! This place is CASH ONLY so make sure you pull out some cash, you won't need much though because we were able to feed 5 people; with each person having several plates of food, for $60. The food was really tasty, we actually ordered some plates twice, and my parents really enjoyed their meal. I'm vegetarian/vegan so I was able to have some options. My only complaint would be the greasiness of the food after I ate it. Some of the food was bathing in oil and it made me feel a bit queasy (I always feel sick after I consume too much oil) but this wouldn't prevent me from coming again!
Food was amazing. The part not amazing is if YOU DONT TIP and the waitress makes you feel guilty and yells at you and everything. In ASIA tipping is consider a sin and extortion. I mean you finish eating u have a food coma. The best way is to pay the bill and go. Not THINK ooh how's the service? did they keep water or tea full? Should I tip 5% or 10% or 15% or maybe 20%. Ooh wait I can't think I need my calculator.  Worst thing I ate over $60 with my friend and I. TWO people and they still want a tip?!? WTF?!? Only gets the extra star due to food. Try not tipping and you will see.
Omg! I can't believe this place has so many reviews. Of course I had to come here to see what the hype is about. The food here is delicious. I wish they had more vegetarian options. This place has good amount of seating space, it is clean, and service is great. Definitely seems like a hang out spot for the locals and Asian people. I have seen all different types of ethnicities here though. I love that about NYC. I will be back!
The last time I ate XLB was at Din Tai Fung in Taipei. I'm not a big fan of pork so even Din Tai Fung's XLB did not impress me much; their XLB skin was very delicate & delicious though. Similar to Din Tai Fung, the wait for Nan Xiang was no joke. I waited close to 30 minutes for a Sunday around 1 PM, which with so many other restaurants in Flushing I could've easily escaped to, is a very long time. After being seated, I ordered the beef scallion pancake, beef & chili noodle soup and XLB x2 for my boyfriend and I. Beef scallion pancake was not the best I've had but tolerable. Beef & Chili noodle soup tasted like MSG infused broth. Therefore, the highlight was definitely the XLB. While the skin of the XLB can't compare to Din Tai Fung's, the flavor of the pork was much better in my opinion. For somebody who doesn't even like XLB, this place won my heart. Prices are also VERY fair for such a popular restaurant among locals and tourists alike. Service is what you would expect from a busy restaurant in Flushing. Nothing to rave about. Some to complain about but really, who would care?
The first time I ever had soup dumplings and they were out of this world. Well, better than I ever expected soup dumplings could be. The udon noodles were incredible too
C'mon now. You already know what you're getting into. Soup dumplings are what they're known for but their other stuff is just as delicious. Greasy, oily plates of good old comfort food. The dumplings are great in whatever form - soup, steamed or fried. Then make sure to add the pan-fried noodles or the scallion pancakes w/ beef...so friggin moist and warm and crunchy. Waiting on line has never been a problem for me, although I tend to come for dinner on weeknights. They've been rapidly expanding so there's a lot of room, although I hear weekends are a killer and there can be a bit of a wait during prime lunch hours. But still worth it.Service is a bit lacking and communication can be a bit of a problem sometimes, but not for their lack of trying. Who cares when the prices are this cheap!?Cash onlyyyyyyyy
Getting straight to the point, food was still good. Service was literally shit. We ordered one order of the pork soup dumplings AND one order of the crab meat ones as well. We got our other orders of noodles and scallion pancakes pretty quick, as usual. The soup dumplings on the other hand, took forever to come out (20+ mins) and on top of that, we didn't get the order of the crab meat dumplings. My friend told the waitress that we were missing an order but the waitress retaliated back by stating that she had only written one order of the dumplings down. Instead of wanting to make it an even bigger incident, we just left it as is and ate the single order of pork dumplings. That's the first fault in this updated review: the waitress never said sorry nor did she bother to confirm the orders with us in case there was some form of miscommunication, which did happen. Adding on to that, our dumplings took longer than usual to come out. I've been here multiple times and our dumplings never took longer than 10-15 mins no matter how busy the place got. Also, it was hard to get someone to take our order in the first place even though I made eye contact several times with a different male waiter.Secondly, since that waitress left us dissatisfied, we decided to leave a tip of $2. Granted, that's basically nothing but my friends and I didn't feel like they deserved any more. After leaving, I had a feeling that someone would come out running demanding for more tips and guess what, I WAS RIGHT. My friend (since she's more fluent than us in Chinese), explained why we left the amount that we did. Waiter stated that he was sorry but he doesn't get a paycheck and only relies on the tips he gets. A sorry means nothing in our books. We're good tippers especially if the service is great and tips reflect the service that we get; they're not mandatory. After having said all that, although the waiter kept saying sorry and was trying to be nice about the whole situation, we just left. There's nothing more embarrassing than having to chase a customer and be chased by a restaurant staff member demanding for more tips if they know that they didn't provide decent service. Nan xiang, I love your food but I won't be back for a while.
Best soup dumplings in the neighborhood. Some of their other dishes are hit or miss which is disappointing. The majority of the staff being unable to speak English fluently is frustrating at times. They have pictures of alot of food simplifying ordering, but some of those foods aren't all that good. But again best dumplings so expect a long wait.
Definitely recommend! The soup dumplings were fire. We also got the beef scallion pancakes. They were heavier than expected so one order is good to split between two people. The food came out really quick. 10/10 would eat fire dumplings again
This Shanghai style dim sum restaurant is a cut above the rest in Flushing. The decor is simple; the prices are fair, and oh those sumptuous, delicious dumplings! Go there on off hours, if you can. This place gets mobbed at peak times.
This is a great Shanghai Restaurant in Flushing New York has great food and comfortable seedings. It started out as a small restaurant but with the high volume of loyal customers they were able to expand the restaurants. We always order the Shanghai dumplings, noodles, fried pork buns, scallion pancake, and much more when we come. The sad for super friendly they have sufficient amount of wait staff and the wait for a table is not that long. The prices are fair and you gets to walk away happy. I do recommend this place to a lot of my friends and they have intern continue to return to the restaurant and bring their friends.
For less than $50 (plus tip), our party of four received: --18 pork soup dumplings (rich, incredible)--6 crab/pork soup dumplings (still rich but more balanced and even more incredible) --6 veggie dumplings (full of perfectly cooked greens)--Scallion pancake with beef and hoisin (golden brown savory-sweet indulgence of doom)--A plate of garlic cucumbers (cool, crisp and lovely with a drizzle of chili oil) --A plate of rice cakes with shredded pork (a bizarre yet amazing mound of chewy little discs just begging to be smothered in chili oil and toasty chili flakes). I strained to find something to nitpick, but this spot really is lights-out fantastic, especially for the price.
The best scallion pancakes in town! You know the food spot is amazing when all the locals go!
Rice cakes are a MUST. The food is all good but those were amazing! Great welcome to flushing I also got some thick noodles but don't remember what they're called right now. Service is whatever but fast. Food is cheap but really yummy.
Crabmeat and pork soup dumplings on a cold day or any day as a matter of fact. This restaurant has very fast service. Food is fresh and delicious. The dumplings have an amazing skin and just the right amount of filling. Definitely a go to spot for these.
"Service with...out a smile", but it had the best dumplings and scallion pancakes I've ever had, service was quick, and wait time for our table on a very busy night was minimal, as they're great at turning over tables here. My favorite part about this place, though, might have to be that their host/manager looks like a Chinese Dick Cheney. Go for the food, but stay for the "Dick Chiney".
AMAZING experience. Totally worth the 1 hour train ride to get there. Everything is on point! My personal favorite was the scalion pancake with sliced beef, so much flavor! My friend and I ordered the pancake, steamed dumpling, fried buns, and the Shao Mai. We were not able to finish it all and the check totaled 21 bucks! Simply an amazing deal.
I had my first XLB experience here and I fell in love!! The crab XLB is seriously to die for!! So juicy, savory, and flavorful! We usually get seated immediately and the food comes out very fast. I took out 1 star because the server lady got mad at me because I told her don't speak Chinese lol.  But who cares?? When I tasted the XLB I didn't care about anything because it was so delish. The price is really great too!! We got 5 orders of crab XLB and 3 cans of soda btw my sister and I and it came out to around 40 and we were soooo full. Definitely a place to visit every time I'm in NYC.
I love this place! Love like I could eat here everyday. And to be honest, this is the third day in a row that I've found myself here. I literally crave the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The spicy beef and tripe is great. The garlic cucumbers fantastic and refreshing. I have yet to find something that I didn't like. If u don't live in Flushing, it's worth the commute!
Xia long Bao was delicious and juicy! It's very busy on the weekends but the service and was quick and efficient.
Excellent soup dumplings and scallion pancakes at very affordable prices. Parking in the area is tough.
Nan Xiang is my favorite place to go to for soup dumplings! Even though it's a trek (Flushing is far!), I love coming here. I've personally never been here on a weekend, so I've never had to wait to get seated. I went yesterday (Tuesday) around 7pm and was seated right away.I always order the pork soup dumplings and it is DELICIOUS. It's 1000% better than Joe's Shanghai. SO MUCH BETTER.The scallion pancakes here are amazing. They are doughy and crispy, just how I like them. From the appetizer menu, I love ordering the spicy beef & tripe. The iced soy bean milk is a must when you come here. It just pairs so well with everything.I ordered the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don for the first time yesterday and wasn't too impressed with it considering that it's recommended a lot here. It's pretty standard, and I felt like our noodles were a bit undercooked.
This place is very authentic. I had many soup dumplings when I was growing up in China, and this place really reminded me of those days. Their dumplings have nice size, good taste, and the juice is just satisfying. They also have some selections of dim sum, and Szechuan food, which is great for a spicy food lover like me. On average the wait time is 1-2 min, and I get a seat. But I usually go there alone so that might be the reason. They have two big dining areas with plenty of seat, so if you go around 10pm or later, there's no need to wait in line. Service was ok, nothing real fancy. The get you your food pretty quickly, and are very helpful if you need get your water filled or order something else. Only draw back is they only accept cash. For me, I usually eat a lot, and spent around 23 dollars. So now you know how much to bring.
Came in the morning with a friend to have some soup dumplings, noodles, and soy milk for breakfast.I enjoyed all the food, was pretty full and happy with the cheap price! It was my first visit so I didn't know it was cash only, but luckily my friend already knew!Service could be a bit better, as near the end we were waiting for the check for quite a bit.
This place has gone downhill. What happened to the staff?Been here countless times over many many years but never experienced such horrible service today. Waitresses were clearly frustrated / stressed... they ran out of cups for tea, kept talking in their native language about what name-brand jackets customers had (yes, I understood), how much tip each table left, and took forever to get our check and give us back our change. We ended up walking up to the front desk to get it - and the receptionist / clerk was super rude. She said in the nastiest tone, "I dooon't know which one is yours!" She even made hand gestures like IDGAF. Honestly, I didn't want to leave any tip. Other tables were agitated by the slow service as well... with such a big restaurant, they should do a better job hiring and training staff... Beef scallion pancake was salty from too much sauce. Beef to pancake ratio was nearly nonexistent. Crabmeat soup dumplings are pretty good though. But in totality, I will give this place two stars. Joe's Shanghai, Kung Fu XLB, and Shanghai You Garden all have better food and definitely better service.
Honestly brings nostalgia and childhood to my taste buds. Their small, side dishes are packed with flavor. These dishes are relatively cheap as well, so you may find yourself ordering many baskets of soup dumplings and many plates of scallion pancakes. There's often a wait for seats during the weekends, but it's always worth the time.
I used to come here all the time for the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and rice rolls. But the service and the quality of the food has deteriorated over the years.Tried to come here last weekend for breakfast with the family. When I walked in, there was no one there to greet us. A lady sitting behind the counter did not even look up. I walked up to her and asked her for a table of 4. She did not even look up at us and was staring down at her screen the entire time, and said "just wait" in a nasty tone. Terrible service. And so we did for about 15 minutes. Someone else came in after us and asked a waitress who was passing by for a table. The waitress gave her a number. If there was a number system in place for tables, it would have been nice if we got a number from the start. Instead we ended up waiting 15 more minutes than we should have.I typically am not picky about the service and would go to any hole-in-the-wall for good food, but the poor service was way below what the service used to be.Won't be coming back in the future. There are plenty of other xiaolongbao places nearby with just as good food and even better service.
When I needed help with my knee about four years ago I came here and boy was I happy I did. The doctor took out the fluids in my hurt knee and then did therapy here and I loved it. Ladies and gentlemen were so nice.
Amazing pork dumplings and fried udon noodle. We got other pork dumplings that were fried and were not as good. The chili and pork soup had a nice broth flavor and the fried pork chop were nice but could have used a dipping sauce. We had to ask often for more tea and the wait staff was not very friendly.  I will absolutely come back for the soup dumplings and fried udon noodle. Not sure a vegetarian would fair well here.
I've been coming here for years with the family before all the yelp buzz. My most recent visit was a bit disappointing. There were pieces of sharp crab shell shrapnel buried in our crab xiao long bao. This is unacceptable - we could have been seriously hurt (esophageal laceration) if we tried swallowing without chewing carefully. Pretty thoughtless on the part of the person making the dumplings. On the bright side at least I know they are using real crab meat. The taste itself was very good as was the regular xiao long bao. The quality difference between the soup dumplings here vs the many other restaurants in the area is diminishing, however. There are a lot more options these days.The spicy beef tripe was quite greasy but was probably the highlight of the meal in my opinion - it tastes great mixed with rice.
Freshly made Xiao Long Bao and a simple menu that doesn't confuse you.
Why 5*s this time as opposed to 4*s last?  Well, fairly easy, I followed my own advice, I went at an off time, sort of.  I took my daughter who was craving soup dumplings and she had an off day from school.  We decided to do a dumpling "crawl" and hit two other places after Nan Xiang (because of the rain and time constraints we just went to another place...IMO a contender for best xlb).  And given we were going to other restaurants we held off on the tripe and beef salad (in the multitude of times that I have been that tripe and beef has been nothing less than stellar) and just ordered the pork xiao long bao and the crab and pork.  The place was fairly empty (a rainy winter Tuesday at 11:30) so service was adequate, which for here is a huge step up.  After 15 or so minutes out they arrived.  Twelve perfectly steamed XLBs.  Deciding on which is better, pork or the pork with crab, really will depend on your mood.  Today, the pork and crab won out, by a smidge.  A dash of vinegar soy, a strand of garlic and a couple drops of hot chili oil.  Awesome.  As I have said before, I don't think you will find better XLBs in the tri-state area for the money...until today when we drove a little further.
This is the best place to get XLB. The service is fast and the food is consistently delicious. I've been here quite a few times with my family, and everyone enjoys it.I recommend getting the Shanghai noodles, regular pork soup dumplings, and soy milk with Chinese donuts. The noodles are addicting, and the dumplings have so much soup inside them. The soup is brothy and fresh: you won't be able to stop eating them! Side note: they don't accept credit card here.
The wait for this restaurant was 20 minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait. This place was packed out at 9 pm, so you know it's a great spot. We came here as our first stop in our restaurant hopping trip and I wish we hadn't of left to go to another restaurant! The soup dumplings were the best I ever had and they were priced very well. The noodles were great and the beef scallion pancakes were also great.I plan on making this a necessary stop the next time I come to NYC.
Amazing xiao long bao!! I actually am not sure how good other menu are. The soup was ok. Next time I would like to try there breads!
I come a lot with my parents to Flushing to eat and we always see how PACKED Nan Xiang is (one of the reasons we never went in.) We decided to start Sunday Funday there and check out what all the hype was about.Let me start by saying that yes outside is packed because basically there is no room to eat inside, so don't let the amount of people outside phase you. The lady told us 15-20... she took us in about 10. We ordered two crab and pork soup dumplings (basically in dumpling heaven) and the scallion pancakes filled with beef. It is a bit filling not as light as scallion pancakes but were very good. The rest of our food was brought out to us in a quick reasonable timing, the waitress seemed busy but whenever we asked for something she was very attentive to our needs. Always a plus! We found a new authentic restaurant in flushing, our favorite!!
My friends and I made a weekend trio to NYC and stopped by flushing for some serious Chinese food eats. This was our stop as it's famous for soup dumplings. The bathroom's alright, decently clean for a Chinese place and the dining area is family oriented and clean. We got that and an order of shu Mai. The soup dumplings were definitely in point. Soupy inside, the dough didn't stick on the paper in the steamer which I'd think is high quality. The shu mai wrapper is thin. Good. But I found it odd that it had rice inside, that I wasn't used to. I'll give this place a 3.5 tbh: 4 for dumplings and 3 for shu mai. Still good Chinese food. I'd go again.
Visiting from California and this was one of the spots that I had to try while in New York. Came with my girlfriend. Location isn't hard to find but we weren't sure if we were in the right place since the sign isn't in English. The food: ordered the scallion pancakes and the famous xiao long bao. 5/5 would recommend the pancakes. I was expecting a flat pan fried scallion pancake like all the other places I've been to. But when they brought it out my eyes popped a little bit. They bring you this super crispy, nice golden colored pancake. It could have used a pinch of salt but I think that's a personal preference.(added a few drops of soy sauce myself)The soup dumplings were fantastic. Very rich and strong taste to the soup. Good amount of soup in each dumpling. Wasn't too over powering. The meat was on the soft side. The skin was dry. A little too much dough for my own liking. Overall great place to get soup dumplings.Cons to my experience was the service. We ordered our food and received our pancakes in a timely manner but it took an extremely long time for our dumplings to come out. Parties that came after us sat down, ordered, and received theirs first. And I know that it was probably an honest mistake, but it left a bad experience for myself because I asked them to check up on my order and they didn't even apologize for the wait. Hopefully the next time I come for the dumplings I will have a better experience and change my review.
I can't believe that I am writing this. Could it possibility be that the soup dumplings isn't as good as I remembered it to be.The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) was good, but nothing wowed me about it. The soup was good, the pork was alright. Maybe it wasn't fresh or something. The wow factor wasn't there. Maybe I came on an off day.  In one of my crab & pork dumplings, there was a piece of crab shell. Gotta be careful about those shells. In addition, we ordered the pig ears, spicy tripe and beef pancakes. The pig ear was good, but there are better ones in Flushing. The spicy tripe was definitely spicy- kinda wish that they offered rice. Unless you are a lover for spicy food, the tripe might be a bit much. The beef pancake was good- remember to eat when its hot. At the end of the night, the best food was still the xiao long bao, it should have the highlight of the meal, but it wasn't. Service was subpar-kinda expected it, but atleast refill other people's drink and pay attention to customers. I finished my tea, but had to wait to get a waiter attention that I would like some more tea. At times, I found that the waiter wasn't paying attention to the customers even when we tried to get their attention for the bill. The picture menu is a nice touch, as it was very easy to order food.
Place is alright. Its no Din Tai Fung but the soup dumplings are edible. The noodles are ok, nothing to write home about. Popular spot but the food is like Joes Shangai. Be aware that the tea plastic cups aren't all fully clean...my fiancé spent 15 minutes trying to wipe off crusted on tea....
The best soup dumplings around. Love their crab one the best. The rest of their menu is either good or great. Most items are under $10.  I took my family (5 people) and we were all so happy and bellies full with just spending only $60.
I have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and this place just never disappoints! Whenever I don't know what to eat close to Main Street, it is always a battle between this or the dry hot pot. The food here is oily, greasy and relatively cheap but pleasantly enjoyable!I came here last night, Thursday night, with my family to enjoy dinner. We were seated right away but by the door and as you know, when the door opens and closes.. you feel all the wind! Immediately when you walk in it looks super small, like there are only 5 tables but how can that be plausible for a place with such an overwhelming amount of positive Yelp reviews? Well, they have an extension to their restaurant which seats loads of other people once you walk in.We were handed the menu right away. The menu is pretty simple, not many pages to it, just a long sheet of paper that has been laminated front and back. I took pictures of everything we ordered so you can see below! The food is pretty good and definitely cheap. The sweet soy milk is actually not that sweet, but I'm okay with that because you can always add sugar to your liking. The salt soy milk gets a lower grade to me than the sweet soy milk, kind of tastes like soup? I don't know, not really my type of thing. The pan fried pork buns were one of the best I've had.. though, I usually try it from food carts and those are extremely oily and it's just a mess. But THESE! They are crispy on the bottom, just the right amount of moist and delicious filling! The seafood udon, though I was most excited about this, was probably the most disappointing. First, they are not true udon noodles and they were given to us kind of cold. The sauce is not to my liking, and I've had seafood udon at other places-- I guess every place makes it differently but this was not consistent with what I've had at 'most' places. The fried bun with chives and egg, although is a vegetarian option, is actually surprisingly delicious! It has a kick of spice in it, not sure where it came from though! Everyone raved about the beef scallion pancake, and although we opt'd out for the beef.. the regular scallion pancake is terrible! Super oily!! Of course, the highlight of this place is the soup dumpling which definitely did not disappoint. I feel like the more soup dumplings you have, the more your stomach just fiends for it haha!! Remember to get the ginger from the kitchen (by asking the waitress) if they did not already remember to bring it to your table. The concoction of ginger and vinegar mixed together and pour over the soup dumpling is orgasmic in your mouth! Overall, this place is not the best in service and one of the things I dislike most, cash only concepts, are shown here. But, the food is great for the price that you pay. It definitely wouldn't ruin your day to grab a breakfast/lunch/dinner here.
Was underwhelmed- scallion beef pancakes where very oily- soup dumplings were better but not amazing.   Fast service though.
A solid 4 stars. This is my first pick for soup dumplings (Xiao long bao) in flushing. Joe's shanghai is great too but there can be a wait. For this place, I never have to wait to be seated.Nan Xiang is well known for their soup dumplings and sesame pancakes. You get 6 dumplings for $5.95 (pork) and $6.95 (crab). Their soup dumplings are great but their sesame pancakes are flippin fantastic. Personally I dislike their noodles and dumplings but everything else is great. Their service can be a real hit or miss. Usually the servers are nice but there are times when they are rude or apathetic. Despite that, many come here for good food not service.
Came here Saturday for lunch. There were a lot of people waiting in line. But as previous reviews suggested, the line moves fast. About 10-15mins I was seated. I also liked the fact unlike other busy/small restaurants, they didn't ask me to share a table with a stranger just because I was by myself. I ordered cold soy milk, Beef and tripe, scallion pancake with beef, and Crab XLB (for which I was told the wait was 30-45mins. what!!???) Beef and tripe was pretty good. It was not like up to your face spicy as many other similar dishes. The kick was still there but in a much mellow and savory way. I liked this dish.Scallion pancake with beef also lived up to my expectations. Crunchy, chewy, and flaky pancake, well-seasoned beef, all held together by that black sweet/savory sauce (I believe it was Tian Mian Jiang in Chinese). Crab XLB didn't impress me as I had hoped. I blame partially on the fact that it was brought over 40mins into my lunch. By that time I was almost full and six additional heavy juicy meat buns seemed a little overwhelming. I finished them no matter what but I honestly couldn't taste much of crab part, and the meat juice was a bit fattier/oiler than Joe's Shanghai and definitely than Din Tai Fung. (Maybe my taste buds were already overloaded with MSG and spices by that time. ) Anyways everyone has a preferred style of soup dumplings. If you are into thick and chewy skinned, heavy meat juiced XLB, Nan Xiang is your BAE lolI recommend going there in a group so you can sample much more dishes without paying much. Since I went there alone, I ended up paying close to $30 (tax included) for the things ordered
Mediocre service.Food was ok for the price, but just tossing the food on the table and not giving me a soup spoon for a freaking order of soup dumplings, then giving me a pissed look for even asking? Wow. Then to top it all off watching the server running out the door asking for a bigger tip? I thought gratuity was 1) optional and 2)meant to indicate to your server your level of satisfaction with their performance. Customer beware!
This is a hole in the wall cheap easy in China Town you should not miss. The pork bum is really good. You won't go wrong with your order ID you like Chinese dumplings.
I don't know if it was our lucky day, but everything here was perfect! The staff was super friendly and nice, as well as attentive. The food succeeded my expectations and then some!The crab and pork soup dumplings were juicy as I ever had. The skin was thin as can be, still able to grab each dumpling without piercing. The seafood noodle was filling all to itself. The soy milk goes perfect the youtiao. What else can be said, that hasn't already been said? this place is worth the trip, local or traveller!
Came here on a Saturday night around 11:30PM. There was plenty of seating. We were served tea and ordered soup and veggie dumplings and beef scallion pancakes. Soup dumplings are flavorful. The veggie dumplings are packed with veggies. The beef in the scallion pancake was way too sweet for my liking but I would get the regular scallion pancakes again. I definitely recommend stopping by here. I shared everything with a friend and the total was around $18, so inexpensive.
Found this place by way of a cheap eats article online and it just happened to be right around the corner from our hotel. Double win. The food was perfect. You know how the best ethnic cuisine is simply flavored with great fresh ingredients and not overly complex? Well that's the perfect description for everything our family tried here. We had steamed Pork buns and pan fried dumplings along with the garlic cucumbers for appetizers.  It was all amazing but the cucumbers were my favorite. It's not always easy to find good vegetables while traveling and eating out and these were right on time. Next we had the scallion pancake. The crust was a perfection of flakiness, better than a croissant! The beef was a bit sweet for my taste but I literally have nothing to compare it to as this was my first scallion pancake ever. The flavor was good though.  Then we had the crispy noodles with seafood which surpassed all of my expectations. The fish was delightful and I almost cried when my son dropped one of the shrimp on the floor and for a second I even considered picking it up and wiping it off but thankfully I passed. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy and the sauce was light and just the right amount. The noodles were awesome too. The third dish we had was shredded beef with rice cakes and this was my favorite after the cucumbers. The flavor was a lightly smokey and the mushrooms were marinated so well I could have eaten a whole plate of them all by myself. There was little beef which I actually prefer because then I get to eat more veggies. Healthy choices people! For some reason I'd expected this dish to have a sweet sauce but was in no way disappointed when it was not sweet. The veggies in here were just right too and the only thing left on the whole table after dinner was a few bites of rice cake we were just too full to force down. My family of 4, 2 adults and 2 elementary age kids dined well here for a total of $52 which included a 20% tip. I thought that was very reasonable, and I'm an out of towner.
This is one the best authentic Chinese restaurants in Flushing. Love the seafood soup and steak vegetable dumplings. Note cash only.
The dumplings were delicious.  We had the vegetable, pan fried and the xiao long bao and they were all fantastic.  The service was prompt and the food staff friendly.
Authentic, crowded and noisy Chinese restaurant with extra!  Since the reviews were so good for the dumplings and scallion pancakes that is exactly what I ordered. Me and a coworker split four dishes and left quite full. The fried pork dumpling and fried pork but was probably my favorite. Very savory and hot. My next favorite was the scallion pancake with beef. This had a complex flavor, mixing the hoisen-tasting beef with the scallion and a slightly sweet pancake holding it all together. If I could have eaten more of any of the dishes, this would have been the one. The last dish was the pork and crab dumpling. It was good but I wasn't ready for the amount of liquid inside the dumpling. I totally exploded one down my shirt. This place is obviously popular with locals and tourists. Unlike some of the other restaurants in the area, you definitely won't be the only Anglo in here. Cash only.
Worth the hype.The pork steamed buns and crab & pork steamed buns were pretty good. The soup tasted so refreshing like a hot broth and the meat was juicy and succulent. Both buns tasted the same to me. They use fresh crab, I found pieces of crab shells inside one of the buns. Skip on the Shanghai shao mei, it's just basically sticky rice filled in shao mei wrappers.. It was pretty bland compared to their soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with beef should not be missed, definitely one of the best scallion pancakes I've had in NYC. Prices are a steal for what you pay at Joe's Shanghai and anywhere else in Chinatown. Definitely recommend if you're in this area or if you never had soup dumplings.
Honestly this place has one of the best soup dumplings I have ever tasted. It is a very welcoming place but the seats are very close together and sometimes the wait can be very long.  The food is delicious and inexpensive! I ordered the scallion pancake, three orders of soup dumplings, pork pan fried dumplings, and three sodas all for $30. The waiters did come across as a bit rude but the quick service made up for it. Great place 10/10 would go again and I'm looking forward to it.
My family always comes here when we go to Flushing. The food is cheap, authentic, and delicious. In addition to the xiao long, the shumai here is one of my favorites. I haven't tasted an item off the menu that I haven't enjoyed.
This place is nice to eat at.The food is a fair price and the taste is good.I have not  had everything on the menu but I like it.  :)
The scallion pancake with beef was pretty tasty and very crispy. However, it was a bit thick and extremely greasy. But still I finished it because it was so good!The Xiao Long Bao was delicious and lived up to its reputation. It was really soupy and piping hot, which is something that's lacking in some other Shanghai places, and this one did not let us down. The amount of meat was slightly less than expected, but the taste and quality more than made up for it.The service was decent. Pretty quick... what else can you ask at this kind of place?
"Baby i like your style" - drakeI really like the soup dumpling style at this restaurant.    I pretty much only get that here.  Each dumpling consistently has soup which is a sign of great craftmanship
This is my friends and i's go to stop for xiao long bao (soup dumplings). It can get pretty crowded so you might have to wait to be seated. However, popular as it is, I find that the flavoring of their food is pretty standard, nothing too special. I usually get the preserved cabbage with pork & noodles, which is good, and satisfies my hunger. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is that the service can be rather slow. The other day I went and had a waitress acknowledge my request to order twice, but not actually taking my order (like she looked at me waving her over and then walked away, the other time she said "ok I'll be right there" and did not come to us). I figured it was because they were busy, but it was just really annoying. Same thing when we wanted our bill, and they didn't give us our change back. It wasn't too big of a deal but I honestly wasn't trying to tip them that much (because of the slow service) so I feel like by not giving us our change they kinda robbed us of a couple bucks. We waited 10 minutes for them to bring us back the change but nothing. Of course, I didn't leave a separate tip since part of the change was supposed to be their tip. Who knows, maybe during less busy times they'll be more on top of their service.
Not authentic food. Not shanghai nan xiang xiao long.Too much soup in the dumpling.The first sip is bland. Then the after taste is too salty.
Little round balls of pork, pork fat, and more pork fat. I would eat here every single day if I could do so without dying.
When I'm not busy wanting to stuff my face with mac n' cheese, then I'm wanting to stuff my face with soup dumplings (or regular dumplings, once they're good!). These doughy, bag-like, morsels or joy are one of my favorite foods and I was introduced to this place after a Yelp event in Flushing where I got to stuff my face with Korean fried chicken...mmmmm.....chickennnnn...So Ingrid S, Anderson C., Roger H. and I hopped on over after a Yelp Elite Event and after we worked up an appetite after an unofficial Yelp afterparty karaoke extravaganzaaaaaa! Anderson ordered a yummy looking soupy soup, Ingrid ordered their beef udon noodles (I tried them and thought they were pretty good!) and to share we ordered a scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings and pan-fried pork buns.The udon noodles were hearty and full of flavor. The scallion pancake definitely is high on my list of scallion pancakes every consumed. They were crispy, had a nice texture and weren't too greasy. The soup dumplings were really fantastic. The skin was nice and thin and once I bit a tiny hole in and went for it there was a party in my mouth.The pan-fried pork buns were larger than I thought they would be and they were really succulent and awesome. MAN, I wish I had 1 to eat right now, lol. I'm rarely out in this part of town because commuting here isn't exactly a joyful experience, however I would totally come back to gobble up more food here!*_________________________________________________* Nan Xiang Dumpling House is a Cash Only establishment, so come prepared to shell out some paper. Lucky for you, they're super cheap - yay!
This place is open late and is known for their homemade dumplings. No cards are accepted. We wanted their homemade dumplings, but at 3pm they said they had no more. The place is big and the service was fast, but not very friendly (typical for asian restaurants).So we ordered the Shu Mai, crab meat dumpling and pan fried dumpling. The food was just alright. The crab dumpling was the highlight as the dumpling had soup inside. I never had that before. Eating it was like a bit of wonton soup in one. The Shu Mai was a little different and was made with sweet rice. We didn't like that one at all. The pan fried dumpling was just like pot stickers. The meat did not fill the the entire dumpling dough so it was mediocre. It wasn't the best chinese place and I'm not sure what the rave is all about for this place. You can skip this on your list, you won't be missing anything.
I have been here 10+ times and half of those times, we've had to flag down a waiter. One time, the waiter forgot to give our order to the kitchen. The crab and pork soup dumplings are good. Don't care much for anything else.
Was hungry for some soup dumplings and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat. Service is pretty fast. Food are all priced pretty fairly. We went family styled and ordered a bunch of large dishes. Plenty of seating inside.
It was worth the drive from LGA airport. Roughly 20 minutes away, another China town! Service is terrible as usual with great food selection. I would choose this over Joe's! Cash only! Their crab xiao long bao is so fresh tasting even when it's a seafood choice. Scallion pan cake is a bit of a let down. Not as crispy or warm.
I keep coming back to this dumpling house every month! This place obviously has the best soup dumplings. We ordered Pork Soup Dumplings, all in its flavorful and juicy glory. Since I'm a tripe lover, we also got the Spicy Beef and Tripe. It's a cold dish, both spicy and sweet. If you can handle heavily fried food, the Scallion Pancake w/ Sliced Beef is really good as well. It's fried to a crisp, but the pancake remains chewy and the beef remains fresh.We came in during dinner time on Sunday and were immediately seated. I've waited up to 20 minutes during lunch time before, but it's worth it. The small dishes range from $4~$7 (between 2 people, 3-4 small dishes is pretty filling). Will definitely come back for some more.
I've been to Joe's Shanghai and their food has unfortunately slipped a lot in over the years. Nan Xiang easily beats them in terms of quality and price. I ordered the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes with beef. With just a touch of soy sauce and chili oil, I was in heaven. Come here for authentic, delicious and affordable Chinese food.
The food is excellent here.  I highly recommend the Salty soybean milk, fried scallion pancakes, and of course, steamed pork soup dumplings. These are all very tasty and satisfying, and I will plan to be back in the future.   However, the service was subpar.  One waitress spilled stuff multiple times, but later on the service was better.
It's not nice at all to force customers to pay tipsLast time they forced me to pay $46 tips And the food was nasty
My favorite soup dumpling spot and is cash only btw! I always get their soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. My other favorite is the pan fried dumplings. The food is definitely worth the cheap prices! It can get pretty packed on the weekends and at night so there may be a wait outside sometimes, but usually there isn't a problem waiting for a table.
This is the best soup dumpling in NYC. Don't agree? Fight me.If you come during brunch-type hours, there may be a wait. Otherwise, you're probably good to go, and soup dumplings are good ANY TIME. Brunch dumpling bastards.Totally no frills, no f*cking around kinda joint. No extended menu, no large format dishes. Just dumplings and a few standards, which are almost all spectacular.You will get - Pork and crab soup dumplings (called "buns" on the menu) - the thinnest skin of any soup dumplings I've ever had in NYC, full to near bursting with atomically heated soup. Tastes just like your mother never made, that cold, cold woman. You will get two orders of this.Scallion Pancake (preferably with beef) - This is not like any scallion pancake you've ever had. This is like some other ballpark sh*t. The only comparable experience with the dish I've ever had is at Little Pepper, which is much more dense and less flaky. Kind of opposite sides of the scallion pancake spectrum, with this side on the "large and crispy" side. Exemplary.Scallion Noodle - Nothing like your typical takeout noodle. Fresh noodles, no peanut butter, minimal sauce, which is buried at the bottom and must be mixed in (if you don't, they will attempt to do it for you, which is delightful and did kind of make my friend want to learn how to say "I'm not an idiot, you know" in Mandarin).These are must orders, and you are not to disobey me in getting them. If you don't, I'LL KNOW.Rice cakes are also a good order, and perfectly serviceable, but if you want to know the secret quarter mile dumpling morning/evening/brunch bastard. Do this: Soup dumplings at Nanxiang, then hot oil wontons at White Bear, then design your own at Tianjin in the Golden Shopping Mall.See how nice life is when you just DO WHAT I SAY?
I'm super hungry and ready to feast like a tyrant ! This place is super inexpensive with great quality of food ready for your tummy. #Clean #AmazingStaff
We were all so happy that they expanded their space. More seating means less crazy out the door lines although that can still happen regardless. Fast service and delicious food. Fried dumplings, soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, noodles, fresh soy milk ... seriously, it doesn't matter what you order, it's all awesomely delicious. You will leave here with a smile on your face and a full stomach.
I usually come here for their Xiao Long Bao, fried eggs and chives, and their killer dumplings. Their crab Xiao Long Bao is out of this world, I actually prefer this place than the beloved Joe Shanghai. There's something mesmerizing about those little pocket of meats and soup wrapped in a thin-steamed dough. Best part, they're inconsistent with their food every-damn-time -- probably why they're Michelin rated. Summary: come here for their dim sum and xiao long bao. If you're going to order any noodles and dishes ask them to go easy on the cooking oil. Their a little heavy handed here.
I love this place! When I went to eat soup dumplings here, it was busy inside. When I was leaving, there was a line going outside! They have the best crispy and soft scallion pancakes in Flushing and the best soup dumplings. I highly recommend this place.
My dad always cooked Shanghai-style food so I used to go to Nan Xiang all the time to remember that taste from my childhood. I would get soup dumplings, Shanghai rice cakes, scallion pancakes, wonton soup (although I asked for it without all the seaweed in the broth) and some cold appetizers. And theeeennn.. I stopped eating meat and so I stopped going to Nan Xiang because I was sad I wouldn't be able to get my favorite dishes.  However, last week I caved in and went back- and I'm so glad I did because it turns out they have a bunch of on-menu AND OFF-MENU vegetarian options I didn't notice or know about before. So if you're vegetarian, vegan, scared of meat from unknown sources, or just looking for a great dish- here's my three favorites:Scalion PancakesSoy Peas, Cabbage, and Shredded Bean Curd (cold appetizer)Rice Cake with Vegetable (not listed on menu, but just ask for it, it's awesome- I actually enjoy it more than the version I used to have with meat)They also have a whole bunch of vegetarian options I want to try in future visits, like the turnip puffs, vegetable noodle soup, steamed vegetable dumplings, pan fried noodles with vegetable, and crispy noodle with vegetable (ok these last two aren't listed on the menu, but if they have off-menu rice cakes with vegetables they probably have these off-menu as well). So... ask for what you want, even if it's not written!
The terribly inconvenient location, lack of parking, inconsistent service, and scuzzy bathroom, are almost worth bearing for the sublime dumplings (both pan fried and soup dumplings).  The scallion pancake with sliced beef was greasy but also very crisp and tasty.  You can't eat very much of it, but it's worth trying.  The seafood crispy noodles were my least favorite dish, but man cannot live on dumpling alone.  Getting back to that bathroom...there wasn't a scrap of paper in there--TP or hand towel, now was there any hand soap.  I lasted a waiter for toilet paper and was given a single paper napkin from one of ten dining tables.  Wth is up with that?  If the bathrooms are gross, the kitchen cleanliness is suspect.  I wanted Shanghai cuisine, not Shanghai bathroom accommodations.
It's a great place regarding the flavor of the served foods. You may also adjust to your taste with some condiment on the tables. We have tried the Pork Dumplings, which they have to be made to order so they will arrive after other items ordered. Be careful as they contain very hot juices inside. Udon if you like noodles are a great choice. Spicy beef and tripe (this is a cold dish) also great. Scallion and beef pancake also another decent choice. This is a quick (after you're seated) in and out establishment. You patronize it for the food and the reasonably money paid. Nothing fancy and your seat might be very close to the person next to you, not to mention the dishes ordered do not fit on the table. No interaction with the waiter personnel. They do not want to answer questions, they give one word answer if it's even the correct answer. They only want to know what are you about to order.When a place is this busy (it open at 8 am and closes 16 hours later) they dictate how they run it. No need to greet and be sweet and... also not afraid to say: CASH ONLY
This place is amazing. The best and affordable Soup Dumpling restaurant in all of NY. Better than the places in chinatown or the rest of flushing. Besides the soup dumplings, the pan friend noodles, the beef noodle soup, and scallion pancakes are nice additions to the yummy soup dumplings. The price is also really cheap and all types of people love to eat here. The number of ratings and near 5 stars is really true because I have yet to find someone to dislike this place. Parking will be difficult because of the large population and traffic in the heart of flushing but this place is always worth the trip
Honestly, normal Xiao Long Bao much better than Ding Tai Fung. Soup taste stronger than Ding Tai Fung.  Strongly recommend if miss Xiao Long Bao.
In NYC, speaking of soup dumplings, it eventually comes down to either Nan Xiang or Joe's. Unlike Joe's, however, they are not just about soup dumplings. Their other food are also good.
The food here is really authentic and I actually enjoy their small menu options. The XLB here is good but I wouldn't say it's the best. I would give this place 4 star but their customer service sucks and the workers acted like they didn't even want to help us take order or bring food out.
Nan Xiang is a very well known spot for soup dumplings  in Queens. The place has very convenient hours with availability of a lot of the items even late night. I have to try and go during the day to compare but things are what I expected. The service is very prompt as was seating. They give you time to look at the menu because they know people will probably want something in addition to the xiao long bao. I was escorted to the other side of the eating area as were most of the late night customers. The dumplings were very good. This spot is great to go with your friends or if you want something to bring back home to eat later on.
This did not live up to all the hype behind it. I have given this two chances, and I will not be coming back here. The first time I came here, I got salty tofu soup, fried crullers, and the scallion pancakes with beef. The salty tofu soup was slightly curdled and had a very sour taste. The scallion pancakes with beef were extremely oily. After eating only one slice, I left with heartburn. The second time I came here, we ordered soup dumplings, fried gluten, rice cakes with beef, scallion pancakes, and the fried soup dumplings. Everything was subpar. The fried gluten was the highlight of the meal, and there are definitely places with better food and fried gluten to go to. Nan Xiang is supposed to be famous for their soup dumplings, but I found myself wanting more flavor from them. The flushing food court down the road has much better soup dumplings than here. The rice cakes with beef didn't have too much flavor and the scallion pancakes were just as greasy as the first time I ordered them.
Been at Nan Xiang only two times. The first time I had the pork soup dumplings and the pork&crab soup dumplings. They were okay, nothing to rave about or go crazy over. Just regular soup dumplings. The second time I was there, we never got our order. My friend and I placed a big order of soup dumplings. We waited for about 20 minutes which is kind of expected, right? Soup dumplings need to be made and steamed on the spot, so we didn't mind waiting for some fresh soup dumplings. We eventually asked the waitress to know how much longer it would take because we were starving. She told us it would be coming soon. We waited for about another 20 minutes to eventually find out the order was never put in. Maybe it was too busy? It would've been another 15 minute or so for them to get us our order, so we decided to leave. Hopefully if I'm ever in the area again I will try them again. Maybe the third time will be the charm, hopefully it will be enough for a much better rating.
Definitely a must when visiting Flushing.  Been here a couple times so far and it never disappoints.  Be prepared to not be seated right away... good things come to those who wait!
Nan Xiang is a great place to grab soup dumplings now. Its a definite go-to place to introduce someone to this type of cuisine. It's nice that they make the soup dumplings right in front. The best thing to get there is the crab soup dumplings. I occasionally go there for Taiwanese style breakfast, but its a bit too frustrating to come to flushing in the mornings.
Amazing dumplings and Udon noodles! The place looks like a hole in the wall but one of the most popular spots in Queens, all the locals come here.
Overrated. Went here this morning with my dad. Ordered the scallion pancake that everyone raves about. It arrived as an oily, greasy , spongy thing with no flavor and a sprinkle of scallion. We also ordered the pan fried pork buns, they looked delicious, however, this too had no flavor. It was mostly dough , and inside was a small ball of ground pork, unseasoned. Yuck. Do not waste your time here, unless you enjoy paying $15 for fried , salty dough.
Excellent Shanghainese restaurant in Flushing's Chinatown. We have been here a few times but this first for brunch. It's always packed and has a line---even at 9:30 am!We ordered a bunch of food. Everything was really good. I think this place is much better than the ones in Manhattan Chinatown, including Joe Shanghai. The soup dumplings are awesome. The spicy beef tripe was good... There are some interesting dishes that I haven't tried before, such as the scallion pancake wrapped meat pie. The wontons were yummy too.No matter when you come just be prepared to wait. Parking is a mess so be patient. It's also a trek to get here via train if you are coming in from Manhattan. Plan to do other stuff in the area to maximize your trip.Check out my pics of our brunch!
Excellent dim sum and xiao long bao! The major tip I can give here is to come EARLY and avoid the horrible wait given it's very popular. If possible, come at 11am if it's a Sunday. The restaurant itself is rather large and although they have normal sized tables in the first room, they have a side room with long tables that can accommodate over 10 people, which is nice. Oh, they also forget dishes if you don't remind them, so make sure to call to their attention certain dishes if there is a lag, or your xiaolongbao already came out, which usually takes the longest to prepare. 1. Kao fu: One of the better ones I've had. The spongy portion tasted fresh, and the mushrooms were good. It's on the sweeter side.2. Xiaolongbao: Better than Joe's Shanghai by far, it's probably among the best I've had in New York. It's still not as good as Ding Tai Feng, but it's quite satisfying. Get an order of the pork as well as the crab.3. Beans and tofu: Quite refreshing and delicious, it's a healthy portion that they serve. The beans are fresh. 4. Cold soy milk: People get the hot or salty soy milk, but with all the hot dishes, I need a cold drink. This hit the spot. I still dipped the fried dough into my cup. 5. Wood ear mushrooms: Love this dish! It's nice and crunchy. If you've never had this, you may get put off by the texture though.6. Pan-fried pork dumplings: Amazingly delicious. This is a must-get here.7. Scallion pancake: Really well done. It's a slightly thicker version than what they serve at most places, but it'll be among the most flavorful you've had.8. Fried dough: Always a classic, this is not for everyone. In fact, I'm not sure non-native Chinese food eaters will likely this given it's greasy and really just dough. Make sure to dip it in soy milk for the sweet combo.9 Chive veggie dumplings: I'm not a huge fan of chives, but people ordered it, so I tried it. It's decent.Again, make sure you come early to avoid the hour-long wait.
Obsessed with their crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, scallion pancake with beef, crispy noodles and cold appetizers (jelly fish isn't worth it). Service is hit or miss but I don't really care bc the food is so good.
Always my favorite place for Xiao Long Bao, I used to lived in upstate NY and always went here whenever I came down to NYC. And since I moved to CA, I always have to come here whenever I am back to the NYC. The crab Xiao Long Bao is the best, really juicy and tasty,
was very good. It better be or they wouldnt stay in Business. Had dinner here before I went to the rooftop lounge .Solid meal for chinese food.would definitely recommend
My go-to a few years ago used to be Joe Shang Hai for soup dumplings but never again after some friends introduced me to this nearby spot! I usually don't enter places that seem overly cultured, so I always passed by this spot thinking it was some extremely asian food spot for family friends of the restaurant.. but boy was I wrong.Soup dumplings, crispy noodles, soups. Almost everything I had was always consistent and great on taste. Very flavorful soup dumplings and can't forget to mention the quickness and PRICE (very fair).Actually because this place was so good, I was motivated to try the shops surrounding it and each one of them have a uniqueness to them. Definitely recommended for family, friends from out of town, and just a hangout!
They have some vegan stuff here. The veggie dumplings are totally vegan, no eggs. They have veggie noodle soup, udon noodles you can ask to have no meat, and I really enjoyed their cold dish, cucumber with garlic. Their scallion pancakes are pretty good, crispy and basic. :)
The food is good,  but they need to work on new systems.  Trying to get everyone to eat on the schedule is silly. If it is the only way to get the dumplings I then set up designated seating times. Currently,  if you happen to walk in and miss the seating time you are basically waiting outside until the next round even if they have empty tables.  Ridiculous.
Arrived in Chinatown wanted some crab dumplings.  I called ahead for 2 orders to place an order for pick up.  They told me 25 mins.  I went there in exactly 25 mins they told me they did not receive my order.  I showed them my recent calls on my phone.  The rude hostess insisted she did not know who took the order.  I am sure there are better places for dumplings in queens. Definitely do not recommend.
So I have been coming for years since I'm in the neighborhood but tonight was just a shock. My husband is white. They sat us down and proceeded to ignore us. I motioned for someone to take our order three times. The sullen faced male walked away and didn't bother to take out a pad and proceeded to wait on customers who came in after us. He motioned for a female to write down the order. When the order finally arrived they put mine in front of my husband and vice versa. I asked the waiter to switch it around. He walked away so I had to lift two boiled bowls of noodles with my hands and burned my thumbs. I would note the place wasn't busy and we were the only mixed race couple in the place and all the waiters were rude to us. First thing Tues we are marching to the human rights commission. Sad in this day and age a restaurant in Flushing would still do this to mixed race couples. No matter how good the food the service is unacceptable.
This is the favorite breakfast place！The price is friendly，and the food are really Chinese style！ Xiao Long Bao is my first recommend！inside with pork meat，juice and delicious！Higher recommend people who likes Chinese food must try this place！
Two thumbs up. My faves are the Xiao long bao (can't beat 6 for $5.95) and the beef rolled in scallion pancake. Also great, the beef tendon - the Szechuan peppercorn is very prominent. We always come when we land or before we take off since Flushing is so close to LGA.Cash only.
I would come back just for the dumplings and scallion pancakes. The soup was just okay, the broth was not anything crazy, but the beef was cooked perfectly, it just melted in my mouth. The soup dumpling were excellent, delicate, and very tasty. The scallion pancakes were also great, very crispy and not soggy at all. They had that great onion taste you expect from them. But they did not give us that scallion pancake sauce that they normally come with. Nice find.
Ok let's start with the fact that it took about 20 min for a waitress to pay attention to us and when she did she was pretty rude. Then after we ordered someone was cleaning the bathrooms and the entire restaurant smelled like bleach, gross. The food came pretty quick. We got the soup dumplings which were ok, they stick to the roof of your mouth so be careful. Then we got the dumplings in peanut sauce which were also ok I think I liked them better than the soup dumplings. We got the beef scallion pancakes which were good and came with a delicious plum sauce but it was so oily that I didn't feel good about myself after. We also got the udon noodles with beef which was nothing special. The noodles were thick and dry and there was barely any beef which we had to pay extra for. This place really didn't impress me and I prob won't be back.
Cheap Shanghainese food, great XL soup dumpling, soy milk, and Green Onion Pancake. Cold chicken is great too. But don't expect any service.
The Short: Good prices (most dishes below $10), My go-to place for xiao long bao, soup noodles are inconsistent, garlic cucumbers are good. Quick service and lines move fast.The Long:I've been her a number of times with friends and family.  The Xiao long bao are always consistent and my favorite part of the meal.  Always fresh and juicy, with a little thicker skin (compared to Din Tai Fung) but I almost like better since they are less likely to pop.   I would go to this place over Joe's Shanghai (less of wait and I think the Xiao long bao taste better.) The soup noodles are inconsistent.  Sometimes the soups are bland such as the beef with pepper soup noodle and pork chop soup noodle.  The sides are good. I usually get the green onion pancake and garlic cucumbers (my favorite).  Shanghai stir fried noodle is good as well. The service is also inconsistent.  Sometimes they bring you double of an order (if you're lucky) or sometimes they will forget something.  Just depends on how busy they are.  But then again, it is a chinese restaurant, so what do you expect? Overall, good food (maybe stay away from some of the soup noodles) at a good price.
Great xiao long bao! The noodles are ok, but the pancake with the beef is delicious! Parking suks though.
My favorite xiao long bao place in Flushing ^_^ definitely like it more than Joe's because it's less oily and the skin is thicker/doughier.I usually also get the fried udon-- good but nothing special,If you've never had shanghainese breakfast before, I definitely recommend trying it out!I get the salty soybean milk (warm soybean milk with salty pickled greens, fried dough, fried shrimp, etc. -- very flavorful and my favorite shanghainese breakfast option!), scallion pancake with sliced beef, & salty riceroll (pork floss (rousong), fried dough, salty pickled greens rolled into rice). I prefer the salty options over the sweet options because the salty options have a lot more going on (sweet soybean milk is just sweetened soybean milk with no toppings or anything. sweet riceroll is just fried dough, sugar).
Screw Joe's Shanghai. Nan Xiang beats Joe's by like, an infinity. When I think, "Omg. I need soup dumplings in my bell-ay!," I immediately go, "Nan Xiang, all the way." I remember my first time here with my family and us waiting on this long-ass line out the door. Eating too quickly and disregarding the idea of 'delayed gratification', my tongue burned on savory dumpling broth. I just kept on eating though because it was just that good. Every time I arrive here, I order crab and pork soup dumplings as well as pork and cabbage noodle soup. The dumplings are, of course, plump and on the verge of exploding with juicy broth. Their soup is like the traditional ones my mother makes, so naturally I feel right at home when I take my first sip. This broth is generously loaded with scallions and tender chunks of pork. bit.ly/1Bllo7s bit.ly/1yxqknGThe last time I went here though, my bestie and I also ordered their scallion bbq beef pancakes on a whim. Whoa, these are sinfully good. The best way I can describe them is...moist and tender pieces of beef wrapped in crispy yet soft scallion pancakes. If you ever order from this dumpling house, these are a must-have!! Come here with your friends and your family because everyone will be satisfied (by those crab&pork soup dumplings). I promise.
Nan Xiang is probably one of the most famous names in soup dumplings in China.  I'm not sure if this particular location is related to those locations based on the name, but overall it's likely the best place for Soup Dumplings in the North East.  I personally prefer the crab meat soup dumplings and it's about all that I order.  I believe that it is cash only, so be prepared with cash in hand.  Save yourself the headache of finding street parking and park at the city parking lot. It doesn't cost much and its a relatively quick walk over! I've also sampled some of their other dishes when I had a Muslim friend with me who couldn't eat pork.  I would basically not recommend much on the menu that isn't a soup dumpling.  Basically walk in with a wad of cash, order dumplings, preferably crab meat.  Don't bother ordering other stuff.  Eat dumplings when they come out.  Simple as that.
Not gonna lying. The noodles taste like shit and the workers there are sucks. You have to pay tips even tho they're ignore you on purpose I would not go back even again.
This place has horrible service, every time you ask them for something they give you an attitude. We asked one of the waitress to put in an order for us and she didn't even acknowledge us and continue to scroll through her phone. I only came here for the soup dumplings but this will be my last trip.
Very authentic, delicious Chinese food at an incredible price. You're able to order a few varied things from the menu and leave feeling full and satisfied at a modest cost. Very convenient location near public transportation.
Didn't understand the hype and the long wait. The soup dumplings were very gamey and other dishes were way too salty.
Average food. Below average service. Food took a long time to come. No ice and cold drinks are lukewarm. Was disappointed. Never coming back to this restaurant.
2 stars only because the food is still the best, but be prepared for the worst customer service of your life. I've been going to this place for years, and I've seen the employees bring this establishment to the ground. Go to shanghai you garden instead! You get an order of free soup dumplings, if you order more than $10.
My go-to spot for great soup dumplings. I always get both the pork and the pork/crab meat dumplings and man are they the bomb. The dough is soft and chewy and the fillings are so tasty and savory.Other really notable dishes:- Beef scallion pan cake: Tender beef  wrapped in a crispy scallion pancake.- Rice cake with pork.- Shanghai Pan-fried Udon- Chicken with wine sauceThey have a good breakfast selection as well with their hot/cold soy bean milk and congee. There's a lot of seating here but the down side is that they only accept cash. Food comes out very quickly and they're opened late so give this place a try! I highly recommend it.
Literally the best soup dumplings that money can buy there is no better place that i have ever been prices are fair and food is always delicious have never had a bad thing on there menu and have never had to send anything back great place to go with friends and family
Great dim sum place. Reasonable price outstanding taste. It was beyond my expectation. Even though ordering food was hard bcs of language barrier but I forgot about it after the meal served.
This place has amazing Xiao Long Bao! We were researching places to get XLB in New York and all our sources pointed to this place as the place to go. The XLB's were cheap but very big (unlike Din Tai Fung). Unlike some places that I've been to, the wrap itself was thin so you most tastes the soup and stuffing. I wasn't a fan of the crispy noodles and the shiao mai but I think I came to an understanding that I don't really like shiao mai anyway..
There are so many reviews on this place, so there isn't a whole lot more I could add here.  It's a pretty good place, but nothing to go crazy about.  Of course come for the soup dumplings.  Everything was just okay.
Absolutely love this place.Have been a customer here for years and have never left disappointed!Always, always, always, get the pork soup dumplings!Can't wait till winter!
The xiao long boa is super juicy, the pork alone is better than the one combined with crab, they don't put enough in but for a small hint of crab flavor. The pork by itself is more flavorful. The scallion pancakes were great. The pan fried pork boa was too doughy for my taste, it overpowered the meat inside. Definitely coming back, it's worth the long ride
Tried to eat at Joe's shanghai twice this weekend but the line was about "45 mins" (which is really Chinese code for "there is no discernible way to ever know I you'll ever be seated"). Came out to flushing and would highly, highly recommend this place (not that it needs any more reviews). Bomb xlb and steamed pork buns and scallion pancake wrapped beef (literally translated as "beef rolled up pancake").Service was solid (which is much more than you can ask from 99% of Asian restaurants). Super positive experience that will make the trek out to flushing not seem awful.
For the price you get 6 XLB and it is really delish!! The wait is a bit long but hey.. they have to make it fresh! Also i do enjoy ordering their udon stir fry noodles.. Greasy but delish!!Expect a wait when you go later during the day or on the weekend.. Cozy restaurant with great food.. what would you expect?
I actually don't know why this place is so popular. I mean yeah they have decent dumplings and your typical Chinese dim sum varieties but that's kind of it. The wait wasn't as long as I thought it would be. We were seated right away. But the hostess up front that gave us our card number really made me want to not eat there..lol. She just thew me the card and that was that. But anyway....In terms of size it's quite small but can fit a handful of people. The food came out quick as well. Pan-Fried Udon was pretty solid. The Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup was not spicy at all though. I liked the noodles that I believe they make themselves, but it was a pretty boring dish. The scallion pancake was not bad though. Pretty decent food here and there but nothing I'd rave about. Maybe it was just a bad day? The soup dumplings has really weird tasting meat. I've tried much better. Bottom line is- I probably won't come back, but some stuff here really are good though. Maybe we just chose the wrong stuff.
I heard about this place from online, where everyone seemed to have something good to say, so i definitely arrived with some very high expectations. Friends that had been before told me the scallion pancakes were a must order as well as the namesake xiao long baos or soup dumplings. The wait time is the first complaint I have. A few friends and I arrived at around 12, with plans for a quick light lunch. Were weren't seated until 1, which is absolutely absurd. I dont think an hour wait time should be justifiable for any joint no matter how tasty the food. We were seated immediately however and after ordering, the food came out promptly. Overall, the food didn't quite live up to the hype that was built around it. Dont get me wrong, it was definitely tasty, however i was definitely expecting a little more, especially considering the hour wait time. Might come back here again if i'm in the area.
Nan xiang is one of the best places for soup dumplings. The waiters are a little eh but its a fast pace restaurant so they might not always be so attentive. Scallion pancakes and their crispy noodles are also top notch.
I found this place through Yelp. I went for a quick dinner with my son on the way to LaGuardia. Really cool place. Decor is nothing fancy- but the food was very good. Reminded me of all the flavors I enjoy when I travel to Hong Kong. Will def be going back!
Best soup dumpling place. I believe this place is better than joes shanghai in their flushing and Chinatown location. I always get the steamed pork puns, crispy seafood noodles, and the scallion pancakes with sliced beef. You must try all 3, it's always my go to when coming here. I've also tried the pork buns once which were also delicious. The foods always perfect, best comfort food, and flavorful. I think they have the best pork soup dumplings compared to joes because the dumpling skin isn't too thin and doesn't pop so easily and the flavor in general is better tasting to me. The service here is quick and efficient. If you're coming here on a weekend, expect a wait because the place gets packed. The first place to pop into my head if I'm craving soup dumplings (:
Excellent as usual - service is super fast, food is cheap and outstanding, will definitely be back.
I thought first was not going to eat anything in flushing after the elite event but since we basically ate desserts first and not a real meal, it was Time for food. There were three separate section to this restaurant,  some other yelpers got here earlier but my party of three came here just ready to eat. The choices we made I think were great decisions.The food ordered was Pan fried Dumplings  (6), and it came with just the right crisp on the skin, Shanghai Shao Mai which was really good even though I didn't really know what it was. The other choices were Steamed Pork Bun and Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don. Actually loved everything,  Pan Fried U-Don came with bakchoy  and that might have been my favorite. I recommend the place and hope to get back soon. Reasons to come here are so many, hopefully get a nice table,  maybe get there early.
I haven't such a good and well priced food in a while. The food is really oily but still so good. Particularly loved the udon noodles.
My go-to place on quickie XLB's and Karfu if I'm not near Little Neck; otherwise, I go to Little Dumpling.
Normally this place is a 5/5 for its xiao long baos. It has the best baos in flushing. Here's why this place lost 4 stars:The service here is always a hit or miss. Sometimes they are on top of their shit and gets us our food within 10 minutes. However, that wasn't the case today. We ordered beef noodles and that came relatively quick (within 5 minutes of ordering). BUTTT the Xiao Long Baos took over 40 minutes (I know this because i was able to collect from the pokestop 8 times). Granted that today is Labor Day and it's pretty packed, that is no excuse for slacking off and forgetting about a customer. In addition, when asked where our food was and why customers that came later than us received their food first, the waiter replied with a snarky remark. "Sorry it is taking so long. You can either wait quietly for your food, or leave." Sigh. All I wanted was some good xiao long baos....
My boyfriend and I ordered the beef & tripe along with a pork and crabmeat xiao long bao. The service was "meh" compared to other restaurants in the area. The servers just came, took your order, served your food, and you wouldn't see them again until the bill. The food was also "okay" (I've had better). I would save my money and go to the ones in the Manhattan Chinatown.
Where most people go to the infamous Joe's... This place is comparable. Especially it is much more convenient to get a seat since Chinatown is in the city and parking is hard to find. Started off with an Edamame, dry hot chilli, tofu medley which was quite spicy. Followed by a sesame oil, cilantro, cucumber slaw and kimchi tofu. The place is decent sized and the staff was nice. The decor is nothing to brag about honestly but that is not something expect from a Chinese spot in NY... You should expect great food! The Soup Dumplings were definitely delicious. I did find that broth might be a little heavier than Joe's (I noticed visible clumps of pork fat)... But that definitely added to the "soup" taste I was looking for.I tried the pork but the crabmeat was Amazing! I would also suggest the chopped veggies as well... It definitely helped cleanse the palette in between the heavier pork and crabmeat.If you're looking for some dumplings and want to compare it to Joe's reign... Give this place a shot.Fairly priced as well!!!!
Best xiao long bao in my opinion. The skin is thicker compared to others I've had, like Joe's Shanghai, but I actually prefer it that way. The filling is very tasty and there's enough soup to fill your spoon. I find that their quality is very consistent.They also have a really crispy scallion pancakes that are cut up into triangles. Their fried rice cakes are pretty good too. The sauce is thick and makes the cakes sticky in a good way. The only issue is that it ends up making my mouth sticky too.The only gripe I have with this place is that they only have two single bathrooms and they can get quite busy so if you need your tea refilled, you gotta ask.Also they are cash only.
Excellent food. Highly recommend soup dumpling, pan fried udon and scallion pancake with beef. I've never waited for service here, and is some of the best food I've had in flushing. Less overwhelming than the food courts, and a little less crowded than Joe's Shanghai.
After watching Eddie Huang's video about this place, I knew I had to go and never return to Joe's Shanghai. Met up a friend in Flushing and we went here around 3:45pm for a late lunch/early dinner. There was no wait but an hour later there were lines forming. They give out hot tea during the winter so that's a plus! We ordered pork soup dumplings, Shanghai pan fried udon noodles, and scallion pancake with sliced beef. The soup dumplings are waaaay better here than at Joe's hands down. The flavor is more prevalent. The pan fried udon noodles were okay, I could easily pass up on it next time. But their scallion pancake with sliced beef was super delicious. The beef inside was flavorful and tender. Went so well with the crispy pancake. 10/10 would go again! Also, CASH ONLY!
My boyfriend and I went in during lunch time on a Saturday. It was pretty busy, but we still got a table. They served us hot tea right away, and we ordered the Pork and the Crab Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), Rice cake with Shredded Chicken, and Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef. Everything here is delicious and authentic. Have you seen those ladies in the dumpling hut?!!!! They aint messin' around!!!! The soup dumplings have a nice thin skin, the flavor of the filling is very balanced, and the broth is very light and flavorful. Caution: the broth is scorching hot - so give it a vinegar bath!! "Don't be a Hooligan!"- Eddie "Clown Ninja" Huang (VICE)The scallion pancake has a crispy outside and is filled with sliced beef shank. There is a hint of sweetness from the hoisin sauce. If i could eat these everyday I WOULD. **** CASH ONLY ****Pros: THE FOOD, authentic, food comes out quick and HOTCons: Wait Staff expects ordering fast (just say if you need more time)Overall, all the food is FANTASTIC! The soup dumplings should make any best of New York list.
Soup dumplings, very good...No ice for drinks on 90+ degree dayCold beef, pig intestines plate had raw beef on bottom, couldn't replace. Didn't get to finish.Got a cold tofu dish...OKService terrible, no manners, tea and water, dropped on the table and walks away!Tough to get waitress' attention.Scallion pancakes, very good, crispy, fresh, filling, tasty, and big portions.Service Sucks, food is good. Parking is a nightmare@
Always bring my non Asia friends here! Great food, with many vegetarian options as well if you can't eat the traditional soup dumplings! Also price is great!
Soup dumplings are excellent, just as good if not better than Joe's Shanghai.  The edamame and pickled vegetable appetizer was perfect balance of salty, crunchy, sweet, and refreshing.
Honestly not bad. Food is good. Service pretty fast for a tiny restaurant. Honestly I would recommend this for families. It's quiet cheap as well.
Not sure what to think- came here on a rainy Wednesday night and was excited because I thought "great, it won't be crowded, they might take their time with the food". The food WAS good but i don't know!!! Maybe because of all the hype I expected more?We got scallion pancake, 2 orders of soup dumplings, one pork, one crab and pork and the Shanghai udon noodles. Soup dumplings: flavor was good (def skip plain pork and go straight to crab variety) but many stuck together and broke even as we ohhhh so gently picked them up. Very sad :( the skin wasn't that thin that they should be breaking.Scallion pancake: delish- not too oily but could use more scallion flavor- dipped in chili oil and chilies it was good Noodles: boyfriend loved these. The noodles were good and tender with nice Bok Choy mixed in (although would have liked more vegetables). They also came with meat when we asked for only vegetables but that wasn't a big deal. Not too saucy, a little hint of spice. Was good. Everything was good, just not worth the hype. Which isn't their fault??? I don't know!!
I feel like with every time I come here, my review drops half a star, which is really unfortunate. I will attest to the fact that I will take Nan Xiang's soup dumplings over Joe's Shanghai any day, but can we do something about the random bits of crab shell that I have to keep picking out??The broth is much thinner and clearer here and I like that the skin is not too thick. Maybe next time I'll have just the pork dumplings instead of the combo crab and pork to avoid any possibility of shells and have a better experience. :(
The place was busy and line was all the way out the door.  make sure to go inside and grab a ticket first if you see that when you are there.  The wait definitely was worth it in my option.  It was first time been there and the food was great.  I ordered their signature xiao long bao (steam pork bun) obviously.  It was not the style I like but it was good.  (this is the one with the wonton looking skin)  My wife ordered a Beef chowmein by mistake (thinking it a noodle soup type)  but she end up loving it.  I forgot what other small dish/appetizer I got but it all end up well.  I totally will revisit this place again when I get the chance.
One of my favorite for soup dumplings!  And I've been to dozens in search of the best. Authentic and unpretentious. Also love their Seafood crispy noodle. Just the right texture and flavor. Service is so-so, some of these people seem fresh off the boat and still have to learn to smile (or look our way in case we need more stuff), but that's what makes it authentic. It's a no frills delicious place. Taste more than compensates for lackluster service.
This is a great place for soup dumplings if you want a change from Joe's Shanghai. Unfortunately it still does have lines like Joe's, but I think it's less popular and not as much of a tourist attraction - so worth checking out if you don't want to wait as long.Scallions pancakes were great. Can taste the scallions and not super doughy.  Crispy and somewhat oily, worked really well with the dip. Pork soup dumplings. I think these are on par with Joe's. They are a suitable alternative.  As always don't burn your tongue on the soup, as its deceivingly hot!Pork buns - did not like these, overdose of flour and way little meat.  Don't recommend. Prices weren't too bad here, but they definitely do not try to price competitively. Feels like there's a standard as to how much soup dumplings cost, around $6-7 for one basket of 6. All the establishment gotta be making a pretty high profit margin on this dish!Really wish they would bring ding tai feng over to ny because that is definitely several levels of taste and quality above any soup dumpling I've had in NY.  They did a small pop up in flushing's Sheraton about 15 years ago, and to this day I've never figured out why it didn't catch on.
I love this place because it's walkable from the 7 train. There's never any wait for a table when I go on weekend mornings. I would say their customer service is lacking since all they care about is getting more people through the door and into a seat. I can't help but feel like I'm eating too slow or stressed. Other than that, their food is great. And that's what my stars always reflect. The quality is definitely still there (let's hope they don't turn into a tourist location...) I'm confident to say I've tried all the compared restaurants in the area and they have the best scallion with beef pancake!! Hands down! Their soup dumplings are really good too. The soup in the dumpling isn't too salty or oily I also like the beef noodle soup. There are many other dishes but these the third I always get again and again. Happy eating!!
After reading about how popular Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is, I knew I had to try it when I was visiting Flushing. We came on a Saturday afternoon (around 12:30 pm) and it was packed. We waited about 35 minutes before we got seated. The soup dumplings were amazing! I never had soup dumplings with THAT much soup. So juicy and tasty. I thought the pork soup dumplings were better than the crab and pork soup dumplings. We also had beef scallions which was so crunchy and flavorful. The reason I can't give this restaurant 5 stars is the service and the lack of comfort while dining. Overall rude service. My server seemed so angry at us for ordering...it was strange. When my husband was waiting in line, a server walked by with a bowl of soup and she rudely said to him in Chinese "be careful!!" Also, there is such a long line that there are people HOVERING over your table as you eat. It is super uncomfortable but it was definitely worth trying their soup dumplings.
I visited on a Monday around 12:30PM. Fortunately there wasn't a lunch crowd so I was seated promptly. The order was taken quickly, however the wait time for the food was easily a solid 25 minutes. This is understandable since they were making the dumplings fresh.I ordered the pork and crab dumplings.  They were delicious and succulent.  Succulent....this word doesn't get much usage these days, it's a shame because it almost sounds dirty. "How was your shower dear?" ...."It was succulent!""How does this dress make me look?" ......."Succulent!""C'mon man!!! Give me the goods!!!  I need, I Need, I NEED!!!!!  I'll succulent the lead out of your pencil !!!"Yeah so anyways, the dumplings were quite delicious or succulent.  Be sure to place them in the provided spoon and eat them from there to capture the juices when you bite into that succulent sucka.  Vinegar soy sauce over the top and you're good to go.Prices are pretty reasonable it comes out to about a buck a dumpling.  Now make like a leaf and tree!
Their soup dumplings are filled with juicy delicious soup in each one. My favorite is the crab soup dumplings! Superb!
Great price! Their soup dumplings are really good. Not the most responsive waiters but I'll take it.
The rice cakes are just so so but the crab soup buns are so delicious. Went there for early dinner. Only if I can get up early,I'll definitely eat there fore breakfast as well, great price point. Recommend
Overall, a decent spot for Shanghainese food. My friend and I came here for breakfast and share the savory tofu pudding, hot soy milk, sheng jian bao (pan fried soup dumplings), xiao long bao, and spicy wontons. The food was good, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. The skins on both the sheng jian and xiao long bao were a little too thick for my liking. If you're in the area and like Shanghainese food, Nan Xiang is worth checking out, but I don't think it's anything to rave about.
This place has a delicious variety of dumplings. During the three times I've been here, the waitresses and waiter were friendly to me. I would recommend to those who are having trouble choosing a decent place to eat in Flushing that cooks xiao long bao and other choices of dim sum.
Great late night option for good food.  Noodles, soup, dumplings are all good.  Only thing I didn't care for was the beef scallion pancake as it was too greasy and loaded with hoisin sauce so it was all I could taste.
My ultimate favorite XLB (xiao long bao) place - this place is literally my first stop when I'm back home!! FOOD:I always order 2 pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes and this is enough for 2 people!- The soup dumplings have a nice skin that isn't too thick and theyre always served freaking fresh! So let it cool a little or just go ahead and slurp the burning soup at your own risk. - The beef scallion pancakes have a strong taste and theyre on the greasy, savory/sweet side so if youre going with a Korean mom/picky eater stick to the simple scallion pancakes!SERVICE:- Service is average - the lady at reception can be quite rude at times, especially during busy hours but Ive learned to just sort of ignore it haha.. it seems less rude when you know in advance. Regarding the waiters, theyre def. better but none really stand out. They also  need to be called at to get any service. AMBIENCE:- Not really a romantic spot but not as loud as some other restaurants.. no music playing obnoxiously or drunk people (even though they do serve alcohol! I usually come here to catch up with friends/feed my addiction to their xlb, haha.TLDR - COME HERE, service/ambience isnt so great but the food is 10/10 - order pork soup dumplings + beef scallion pancakes(+) = cheap (less than 10), delicious, good for small/medium groups(-) = avg. service, cash-only, 10-15 min. wait during busy hours
I used to think this place was the best for xiao long bao since there are always long waits. After sampling some other restaurants in chinatown, their  baos are really sub par. The wrap is thick and doughy, so you cant just pop one in your mouth and let the soup explode. Instead you have to take it in two bites so it just feels like eating buns. The shanghai noodles are also very greasy.  However, they do have a complete variety of appetizers that others lack so i give them that. But as far as xiao long baos go, im sticking to others.
Very tasty and a frequent favorite stop. The only reason I deducted a star is sometimes it takes a while to get seated and a few times they seem to forget I am there. But try them out, and get teh wontons in spuicy sacue, or the soup dumplings. You'll thank me!
Excellent food.  Obviously, their XLB (soup dumplings) is really good.  We always get the pork and crab ones.  Their pan fried noodles is also a must.  And it is so cost effective (e.g., inexpensive) but soooo good.  I personally preferred it to Joe's Shanghai a few blocks away.Cons: (1) parking is a nightmare.  Tip: park at the municipal lot 2 blocks towards Union St.  and don't bother trying to street park. (2) there's usually a line regardless of time of day, but it moves pretty quickly
I love this place. I can't even count the number of times I have been here within the last 6 months and it still never fails. I always get their soup dumplings, which is around $6 for 6 of them, which comes in a steamer. They are to die for. I've been to Joe's Shanghai and I definitely prefer Nan Xiang's over to theirs. The skin is not too thick and the perfect consistency and the soup is just incredible. Two of these usually fill me up a lot. I also really like getting their soymilk, which they make in-house. For vegetarians, they have steamed vegetarian dumplings that are packed filled with veggies on the inside. They also have fried gluten, which comes as a side dish. You can ask for any of their pan-fried noodles to be made san meat and make sure you ask for a vegetarian broth for the vegetarian noodle soup! My bf also really likes their scallion pancakes. And if you want rice rolls, you can ask them to make it san-meat. It's a very casual place, so don't expect your usual restaurant service. They are here to take your order, refill your tea and deliver your food to you! But the servers are really friendly and even now recognize me because I go so often. They always greet us, refill our teas and take care of us well! I highly recommend coming here!!
Overrated. Been here twice, both times food was just average , if that, and service unbearably slow.  Go to Shanghai you garden if looking for good Shanghai food with fast service.  There's a wait but at least there are places nearby to walk to while you wait.
Their food prices are super good and the food never disappoints. CASH ONLYCommunication can be a bit of problem sometimes.* Xiao Long Bao - Steamed pork and soup broth was perfect combination with soy sauce* Scallion Pancake - Super crispy and chewy enough* Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup - Soup was pretty enough spicy but little salty * Pan Fried Dumpling - loved thickness of fried dough but little greasy and hard to chew* Iced Soy Milk  - My favorite one in this store
Nan Xiang has been my go-to place for whenever I crave soup dumplings. Their warm and savory broth is well presented with delicious filling and a delicate, yet sturdy, skin. The price of the soup dumplings is very affordable and definitely worth (if not an amazing deal) the quality of their food. When you're there, don't only order soup dumplings!! As renown as theirs are, the other food on their menu is also authentic and delicious.
Not impressed. I don't understand the hype for this restaurant.Service is terrible. It's almost impossible to get the attention of the staff working here. Our main reason to come here was to try the dumplings, and they forgot to bring us that dish (we had ordered a total of 4 dishes). I didn't care for anything else, except for the scallion pancakes.  The pan fried beef udon only had a few pieces of beef in it.
I have been going to this establishment for years and the food is always consistent. I have tried soup dumplings from other places (yes, including joe's shanghai) and none compares to the dumplings made here. When i eat a soup dumpling i expect a thin but chewy skin, savory broth and tender, seasoned meat. This place excels in all areas and the prices are cheap, do not bother going to manhattan for some overrated, hyped up subpar food. If you want good chinese food, then go the places where chinese people live and eat themselves. The menu has both english and chinese so don't feel uncomfortable or shy that you just stepped into the chinatown of ny. I suggest going any weekday because it gets packed on weekends, although they are usually quite busy. I suggest literally everything on the menu. Their soup dumplings are the best but their other selections are just as good. I highly recommend:Pork soup dumplingPan fried udonScallion pancakesSpicy beef, tripe and some mysterious jelly thingSoy milkPanfried dumplingThe food is quite greasy but the chinese cuisine is naturally quite greasy like indian food so i suggest gulping down that grease with the hot tea they provide....or you could just wait and get boba from one of the ubiquitous bubble tea shops in flushing. P.S  It would be a crime to not put that vinegar & ginger with every bite of each dumpling. Happy Slurping :)
Came here on Friday around 6 pm and my table of 9 was seated immediately. The menu isn't huge but a decent size so we ordered a bunch of things to share. The food was good but nothing spectacular. Some things were a hit or miss. I broke down my review of every item so it is easier to read:1. Steamed pork soup dumplingsI like that the bun was thin and a decent amount of broth and pork inside. The flavor was good. One of my favorites of what we ordered.2. Steamed pork and crab soup dumplingsI did not try this but my cousin preferred the pork.3. Beef and chili pepper noodle soupIf you ever had beef and long horn peppers as a dish, this is the same thing but in soup and noodle form. Broth was good but a bit oily. The noodles were small and thin. Like egg noodles but not yellow. Reminded me of ramen from Ippudo.4. Shanghai pan fried udonJust noodles with some veggies in it. Flavor was lacking. A tad oily. Udon was doughy and not in a good way. Very heavy.5. Rice cake with shredded pork and pickled veggiesRice cakes were small and needed more cooking time. There was barely any pork in it. Veggies could have been more pickled. This had a lot of room for improvement.6. Scallion pancake with sliced beefThis was probably my favorite. The sliced beef was something different. This was a bit salty though.7. Pan fried dumplingsTook some time to come out but good. I wish they had made it brown on both sides not just one. Doughy in a good way and meat inside was pretty good.8. Shanghai shao maiThis one was weird. Looked like a shu mai but then inside was rice! Like a sticky rice. Not much flavor. Wouldn't order this again.9. Crispy noodle with pork and mushroomsThis was just whatever to me. The noodles were crispy but the dish was bland.10. Sweet soy bean milkThis came in a huge bowl with a straw. My friend really enjoyed this.Service: Quick to sit. Took a while to take our order. Food came out pretty quick except the pan fried dumplings which we checked on and THEN they told us those take a while. We asked for refill of tea and water but they only refilled our waters. So so overall. Really depends on who is working there.I would probably never come back here...
The service is meh, but the food is on par. The soup dumplings are always on point. The beef scallion pancakes could use more beef slices. The pancakes are super doughy and thick with only 1 tiny slice of beef. The proportions are way off. 4 stars for the price of the food !
I love their pan fried pork buns and their soup buns. It's delicious! I can even eat it without the vinegar-soy sauce.My boyfriend and I go to this place often - because it is our go to shanghai place. Places like Joe's Shanghai is a bit overrated anyway.ANYWAY, we get seated pretty quickly and this place can get packed. Their cold cucumber appetizer is refreshing and it's always a great starter.  We then would get the buns and soup dumplings which are warm and delicious in my mouth. We sometimes get their noodles and the spice is on - especially if you eat the peppers. What's best is that we get several dishes and it's very affordable.The caveat is that sometimes, we get seated in such small tables that our dishes barely fits. D=
These were ok, not great. Actually somewhat disappointed. The XLB definitely had nice soup with quite a bit of gelatin, you could feel it  on your lips, but they weren't as flavorful. The fried buns were bland and dry and the scallion pancakes were just fry bread with no flavor and barely any scallions at all. Cmon...how cheap are scallions to put some in there? It's in the name for goodness sake!
My friend and i were looking for a chinese restaurant after coming back exhausted from Niagara Fall and this place was everything that we looked for. Everything was delicious and no body spoke English so we could tell the place was very authentic. We were sad that we found this place out so late. But we will definitely be back when we back in new york
So this, this is where my favorite Xiao Long Bao is! The skin is well put together and the soup, while not as fatty, is a bit cleaner. The crab and pork combo is the way to go. Some folks I have read call this a tourist trap and honestly, so it Joe's (lets be real folks, they draw crowds equally). But there is a good reason for the wait. They output some solid food and they manage to be consistent which is a struggle most popular places can suffer from.
Mmmm. Soup dumplings... This is my go to place for soup dumplings, they make it really well here and each order comes with 6 dumplings. The dumplings use to come with the lettuce on the bottom but I think they realized that no one eats that so they just leave it out; no complaints. The next best item in this restaurant is the scallion/beef pancakes. They're sorta oily but pretty bomb at the same time. The stir fried udon noodle/rice cake noodles are average. Pretty much just a carb filler for the soup dumplings lol. Service is also average. Basically come here for the food anywayOverall, pretty good. Get the dumplings and the pancake and you'll know what I mean!
Taste: I LOVE THE XIAO LONG BAO its so juicy and explodes in your mouth. sometimes I don't get all the soup but most of the time I do. dip it and in the sauce but dont drown it.  It is def a go-to for XLB. Service: I waited like 15 minute for it and it was for take out. It was on a super cold day too and ppl were still willing to wait for XLB!! Price: It's very cheap for the taste. Esp if you go as a group and share the XLB, pancakes, egg fat noodles, etc.  We got all of that 2 winters ago and only paid 10$ , and left with SUPER Satisfied stomaches and taste buds. Ambiance: Its so busy and they have 2 rooms. if you want to go as a big group don't go during peak times.
Great authentic food;  if you want to try dumplings each way they could be made this is a rest local spot Little long of a wait; and not a lotOf follow up service during meal.  But worth it for the soup dumplings
This place is always packed and rightfully so. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 10 minutes at max? First thing that I noticed when I was being seated: the waitress had a terrible attitude. She quite literally slammed our plates down onto the table and flung the forks alongside with it. My friend and I eyed each other but we decided not to pay much mind to it. However, the men sitting at the table next to us asked the lady for some soy sauce and she proceeded to grab the vinegar off our table and said "You eat soup dumplings with vinegar, not soy sauce." For starters, she should've just given him the soy sauce he had wanted. Maybe he preferred soy sauce over vinegar, am I not correct? Secondly, I found it mind boggling how she decided to give the man OUR vinegar... I guess she assumed we didn't need vinegar so it was probably the smartest move to take our vinegar rather than going back and grabbing another bottle. Negativity aside, the food was amazing. I was sick so I didn't have the biggest appetite but we ended up ordering (from best to eh): a. Scallion pancakes with sliced beef    - Despite it being a tad on the oilier side, it was absolutely delicious. With a nice crunchy outside, the first bite instantly sends you to heaven. The beef is nice and tender, topped off with a mouth-watering oyster sauce. Would definitely recommend! b. Steamed Pork Buns    - Hands down, best soup dumpling I've had. The dough is nice and thin but doesn't tear easily like most soup dumplings and once the soup hits your tastes buds, it's over. c. Steamed Crab & Pork Buns    - I wasn't a big fan of the yellow coloring and it had a strange smell to it as well. The soup is great, as per usual, but I'd probably just stick to the steamed pork buns.
This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings. Pork and crab combo are the best! Shanghai pan fried U don is the second reason I come here.
I love their soup dumplings! When you eat in, it comes out relatively quick, but when you takeout food it always takes quite awhile and they sometimes may forget. But overall, a good place to get some nice warm soup dumplings
Cash only! Sit-down kind of place. Takes about 10-15 minutes to get a table if you're with a big group (mine was 7). If possible, go with a Chinese companion so you don't have to worry about ordering the right things. Leave that to them. Scallion pancakes with beef - my favorite thing of everything we tried.Gluten (straight up gluten) - interesting experience. Chewy. Tasted like steak that had already been chewed. Pork soup dumplings - didn't try. Crab soup dumplings - super hot once you bite into it but then it's great. Rice cake with seafood - wish it had more pieces of seafood. The rice cakes were addictive. Some warm milky soup - I tried this and didn't care for it. It tasted like bland breast milk to me. Chinese churros (that you apparently dip into the warm milky soup) - meh not bad. Plain carby snack. Veal and tripe - pretty good. I was into it. Tofu covered with some red sauce - we liked it all around. Overall, the food is pretty oily but tasty. Service was lightning fast. Seems like a Flushing staple that I'm glad I got the chance to explore!
The soup dumplings here are pretty good for the price. I love their shredded beef with rice cakes, scallion pancakes and also their noodles. The place is very clean and there are a lot of seating areas. The service isn't so bad for a Chinese restaurant and they're very fast. This is a cash only place so bring cash.
Came here for lunch.  This restaurant is exactly what I was looking for, and what a restaurant of this type should be.  I grew up in the Bay Area, and travel frequently to China and Taiwan.  Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao delivers an experience similar to what one would find in in Asia.  Good dumplings and noodle dishes.  It's worth heading out to Flushing for this. Will be back.
I am IN LOVE with this place!Was in Flushing for some business related procurement and when in flushing, of course get the Chinese food!  So I yelped for the best Xiao Long Bao (juicy buns) and this place came up, and it DID NOT DISAPPOINTED!I ordered a traditional XLB (perfectly juicy, great skin that did not break), crabmeat XLB (again, delicious and flavorful with ACTUAL CRAB PIECES/MEAT), the scallion pancake (tender, pull apart and just greasy enough) and salty tofu (the texture was a bit off, but flavor was good) and I truly enjoyed everything!It was so good that I ordered two more XLB to go to take home.  Unfortunately they were just too delicate for a to-go order as when I got home, I noticed that half of the skins were broken and the juice had flown out.  Thus, best eaten fresh and pippin' hot!!!
This place is amazing for a late dinner or midnight snack on the weekends.  I regularly order the pork soup dumplings which pair excellently with a side of scallion pancake wrapped beef.  The service is fast and there is rarely ever a wait to be seated.  If you're also looking for a side of noodles I would go with one of the rice cakes if you're feeling something soft and chewy, preferably the pork with preserved vegetables.  On the other hand the pan fried noodles is a good alternative if you're feeling crunchy instead.Be sure to keep in mind the check has to be paid with Cash Only.
I honestly did not like this place. The soup dumplings were decent and so was the food but the wait staff wasn't too friendly nor accommodating. The table I sat at was missing the hot sauce container. When we asked the waiter for some he took it from the adjacent table next to us and the patrons there were like we also need it. The waiter goes then you guys can share. I understand this is flushing and I'm not asking for five star accommodations but really you cannot get it from another table where the rest of the meal wouldn't have been awkward between us and the table next to us?
Had a great Saturday lunch here, the soup dumplings did NOT disappoint.My Queens bred and born friend brought us here on a Saturday afternoon and it was PACKED- luckily the wait wasn't too long (i think the in and out is pretty fast in here too).We started off with some scallion pancake with beef- think thick crispy on the outside but doughy on the inside pancake encasing strips of beef with tasty brown sauce.  Piping hot, the rich scallion flavor and beef made a great combo. We ordered several orders of the pork soup dumplings and the crab soup dumplings- each were filled with piping hot rich delicious broth and lots of meat. I managed to perfect my soup dumpling eating technique (cool, nibble, inhale inside, then devour)- we all made sure not to waste any of that delicious soup!A must if you're in the ara!
Seating can be challenging in the popular Flushing location on Prince Street, but the soup dumplings here are worth waiting for. Any kind. They come out hot, so poke a tiny hole near the top with a fork or toothpick to let out some steam before engulfing the whole dumpling (the whole point of soup dumplings is drinking the soup, so you don't wanna bite into it and let all the soup leak out unless you have a spare bowl). Their other eats are pretty good, too! I love their beef scallion pancakes ^^.
Well, I had high expectation on this one as Nan Xiang Dumpling is quite famous in my hometown, Shanghai. Local people flow into that restaurant at the country town near Shanghai, as the mini bao and other dim sum are so good that you miss them sometimes in the dream. This one didn't serve up to the reputation of Nan Xiang, with less flavor on their mini bao. I didn't even finish the whole 6 pack. The cooker and waiter aren't even from Shanghai, guess just a knock off one. And they only accept cash and lots of people.
2.5 Stars (mobile review does not allow half stars) On a Fri evening, wait was about 20-30 min.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings, fried pancake scallion, white wine sauce with chicken & chicken soup.  Pork soup dumpling: underwhelming.  The skin was a bit thick.  (super glad we only got one order/basket).  Pancake scallion: appears to be deep fried.  We were used to the pan fried version so we didn't get care it. Chicken soup: good taste, could taste the herbs.  It came in a small (individual size) serving bowl. White Wine sauce Chicken:  was a bit too salty. Total meal was around $23 (prior to tip).  Service was quick in getting our orders in but a toothache coming to wrap up your tap.    Cheers, Wendy
There was a pretty long wait when we got there. Thankfully we only waited for about twenty minutes for a table for two. Got the salty soy milk, iced soy milk, garlic cucumbers, scallion pancake w/ beef and two orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings. The garlic cucumbers are so damn good, loved the intense flavor of the garlic and freshness and crispness of the cucumbers. The iced soy milk was just perfect and definitely recommend that over the salty soy milk which we did not like. Scallion pancake was solid and just what I expected. Soup dumplings were above average but not the best I have had. They do a good job with the soup to dumpling ratio but could work on the dumpling skin which gets really hard after just a minute or two. Overall pretty good food but wouldn't wait on line again. If there's no dine in tables just get some soy milk and garlic cucumbers to go! They're amazing!!!
Came here for lunch after arriving in flushing for the weekend.Took a number to wait for a table and once seated, ordered xiao long boa and xiao mai.I am delighted by the dumpling texture and taste.I wish there are more options instead of fried or bun  types.Highly recommend for dim sum place if you are in flushing area.
As an act of faith in my fellow Yelpers praise of Nan Xiang Dumpling House, I ordered two bamboo steamers of XLB as soon as we sat down. When we arrived around 4:30 there were several open tables. Of course, it wouldn't have been authentic if we weren't asked to move to a smaller table as the one we chose was deemed too large for the two of us. We chuckled. We were prepared to share. Along with the Xiao Long Bao (Pork Fillings), we ordered Scallion Pancakes with Spicy Beef.  Both were superior products and were totally fun to eat.  The dumplings were thin skinned and care had to be taken to lift each from the steamed lettuce beneath them to avoid tearing. I sacrificed one for the team learning that requirement, but was able to salvage some of the broth because I used the two hand method. Chopsticks to gently lift the soup bag and place it quickly into the flat bottom spoon standing at the ready in my opposite appendage.  They were just too good to waste even a drop.  I bit off the topknot of each and backed away to allow the scalding steam to escape, leaving only the near boiling broth. Still, burning the tongue is inevitable and part of the experience.  I docked my lips against the small opening and slowly sucked the soup out, moving from left to right to siphon out as much as I could. Then, I poured a small spoonful of vinegar and ginger into the volcano's punctured dome and devoured the entire remains in one large sucking gulp. It was the only way to maximize the desired tasteful sensation.  And, it was great and all consuming! The Beef Filled Scallion Pancake was cut into 3 large pieces and was very good. Not too oily, and a nice counterpoint to the XLB.  This place is definitely going to be a regular stop on my irregular visits to Flushing.  The food so tasty and fun to engage, and the prices fair.  Just sorry I hadn't been there before.
I was really looking forward to this place for the xiao long bao or soup dumplings here since it's so highly praised. I ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings ($6.95) and though I didn't expect a lot of crab since the pork soup dumplings are $5.95. There were a few strands. I'd rather pay more and get actual crab meat. Anyways the dumplings were ok - one broke and had soup spilled even before it hit my table. The soup was very cloudy and more salty than I like. The vegetable noodle soup ($4.95) was a very generous size but the broth was very salty and on the oily side. Service was average.
No-frills, inexpensive deliciousness. The best soup dumplings I've ever tasted. Yummy scallion pancakes too. Authentic food worth the visit!
Food is good, but terrible services, they feel like I don't give a shit because my food is good, no matter what you'd come and eat. I wish their boss could do something about it.
Holy soup dumplings! Everyone's heard of Joe's Shanghai but Nan Xiang's soup dumplings shouldn't be missed out on either. And even though this dumpling house is located all the way out in Flushing, that shouldn't deter any loyal XLB fanatics from hopping on the 7. Both their namesake and the the pork/crab XLB were good. So much broth packed into one little morsel. Wrappers are the perfect medium between too thin and too gummy. Delicate and yet not easily broken as you pick them up. Cash only! But our meal of two servings of dumplings and one plate of scallion pancakes was under $30. I love good, cheap eats.
The go to place for soup buns. Always leave with a satisfied stomach!
The qiao long nap here are very good.  Their seats are limited and the service is okay.  They have one of the best shanghai dumplings in the area.
Yes, the soup dumplings are yummy. It fully satisfies my soup dumpling cravings. But I also ordered their 紅油炒手 and it came under cooked. No, it wasn't even under cooked. It was uncooked. Like I put it in my mouth, and one corner was cold, covered with flower, and hard. How does that even happen?! I was scarred. I never ordered it again. Also, lines are long (so go at the right times) and service isn't that friendly. Then again, it's Flushing. Note: If you like soy milk, the soy milk here is pretty damn good.
I love this restaurant. It is cheap, casual and fast. We love the pan fried pork buns, steamed crab meat and pork buns and Seafood Pan Fried Udon Noodle. I always forget to bring cash but luckily there are many different banks a block away. The service is sub par but that is to be expected when a restaurant has such fast turnover of tables. I have yet to try the many breakfast and cold dish appetizers but always see other tables ordering them.
Food is delicious, but the service is horrible. I'll take the time to do more exploring in Flushing and take my business else where since there's definitely more places that serve the same food with adequate service.
By far one of the best soup dumplings in town.  They are made to order, juicy, tasty, perfect dumpling skin, mmmm.   I also love their crispy, salty, sweet, little bit of heaven known as a scallion pancake with beef.  Their rice cakes with chicken, shrimp and fish is another favorite.
This is one of my go-to places when I'm craving soup dumplings. Don't get me wrong though, everything here is pretty darn good! Of course if you're coming here you definitely need to order the soup dumplings, they're super delicious and I like that the skin of their dumplings are thin. I've tried a lot of their noodle dishes before and they're all very good. I also really like their cold dishes and iced soy drink. Overall everything is very good here, so what more are you waiting for?
This restaurant is very popular for its Xiao Long Baos. On weekends, you can find a large group of people waiting outside to be seated. I recommend going on a weekday evening to avoid the long lines.As a frequent visitor, I give this restaurant 4/5 stars. The 1 star deduction is for the staff. They can be pretty impatient. Overall, this is a great restaurant choice for the long winter ahead. Aside from xiao long baos, they make noodle soup dishes, fried udons and breakfast. Chinese breakfast are the best! Also, I love Chinese restaurants because you get unlimited tea.My top recommendations:-I've tried both crab meat and pork xiao long baos. They are both good dishes but they can leave a slight greasy after feeling.-Scallion Pancake-Breakfast - Salt Soy Bean Milk/Sweet Soy Bean Milk-Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don
A very authentic spot for soup dumplings (xiao long bao/小籠包). I've been coming here ever since I was a kid. Up until now I still enjoy every single bite. I always start off with their fried dough and scallion pancakes. Nothing too special. Just your standard flushing type food. Then comes the soup dumplings which you can actually watch them make it (depending where you're sitting). The skin on the dumplings is very thin which is how I like it. The juice from the meat is so flavorful it's crazy. I also get the Shanghai pan fried noodles which to be honest could be a little better. Sometimes they put a little too much vegetables and not enough meat or noodles and it's just a plate of veggies at that point. To be honest I've never had an authentic shanghainese soup dumpling but I have had some other known soup dumpling spots (joes Shanghai, din tai feng) and nan xiang in my opinion is better. Make sure you bring cash cause that's all they take which isn't so different from their competitors. Also expect to wait whenever the lunch rush hits but that's with anywhere around the area.
Alert: Vegetarian Review. The bonus of working in Flushing is, of course, the food... My colleagues and I were in the area for lunch, so we had to go to Nan Xiang for dumplings... since we could just waltz right in with no wait. I am positive that my review would be completely different... if I ate pork or beef. But I don't. I am pescatarian and mainly vegetarian. So, I ordered the vegetable noodle soup and the veggie dumplings. It was overall *fine*. The dumpling dough had a unique funky (kinda gross) taste, but the insides were chock full o' veggies.  You MUST douse them with soy sauce, ginger and the spicy chili sauce to cover up the funky dough taste. I would not order those again. The soup was ok, a bit bland, but you can doctor it up with the spicy chili sauce. The noodles were ramen noodles and the portion is huge, so I took most of it home. I'm slowly realizing that the best bet for vegetarians who want a flavorful, nuanced and complex veggie noodle soup is to find a Japanese restaurant such as Ki Sushi in Brooklyn or Soba-Ya in the E. Village (insert dreamy eye roll). Biggest Takeaway: If you don't eat pork, skip it. This place is not vegetarian friendly.
Soup dumplings ftw. The only question is how many you want. Don't burn your tongue though.The sweet/cold soy milk was good, too, but the salt/hot soy milk was weird. Maybe it's a Chinese thing.But like I said, just shut uppa you face and eat the soup dumplings, you jabroni.
Let me begin by stating that some of the food is good but some is just fair at this establishment. However, the service is sub-par to say the least. Tea was served luke warm, we had to ask for black vinegar for dumplings and this is a cash only establishment. We would have ordered more food but due to the lack of interest of the wait staff we left. I prefer to get dim sum where the carts are steaming and filled to the brim with delicious bites of food. One and a half stars is not an option and two is probably too generous. The one and a half stars is based strictly regarding the food. Oh by the way, they didn't even refill our tea.
Always a great meal here. Personal favourites: Spicy beef noodle soup,  juicy buns and hot soy milk.
The service and the price are alright, but seating wasn't that great. Wouldn't consider it for a dating place, too crowded and nosey for a couple. The noodle soup we ordered went up cold, and the skin of xiaolongbao wasn't that great, feel like eating a dumpling skin rather that 包
Food is 5 stars, service is 3 stars. Waitress got some attitude there.I will probably try some other places.
The XLBs were good, and the iced soy bean milk hit the spot after a hot day out and about. One of the better XLB places in New York, but other than that I felt the rest of the dishes were just okay, but not that great. Good value for money though!
Amazing! So worth the wait--should there be one. I'm a vegetarian. My husband isn't. We were equally overjoyed! My favorite dish is the fried buns with chives and eggs. His is the steamed pork buns.
I always get the same thing from here and it's always good every time. Xiao long bao and the scallion pancake with rou and hoisin inside, you could even get that to go and eat it like a sandwich.I've had their dofujiang and youtiao but that is made the same and tastes the same everywhere lol.they're chilli oil is good!one of the better places in flushing to go if you're not native Chinese.cash only.
Absolute favorite spot in New York City area for soup dumplings! Crispy noodle dishes are great, too. I'm giving four stars because the wait is just too long.
First of all, the XLP (soup dumplings) were pretty damn good for the price. I tried both the crab meat pork and plain pork. Preferred the pork more because the crab tasted kind of stringy. Everything else looked really greasy and not carefully prepared or made but you get what you pay for.  My friend got the udon consisted of 97% just flavored udon and the rest bok choy. Nothing special. My rating is solely based on the soup dumplings. I would have given it a 5 if they properly served it with ginger (vinegar was already on the table) and if the broth was a little more clear. We came at a non peak hour (3pm) The service was extremely bad. We were basically forgotten. Our waitress kept on disappearing and then we found her eating on lunch break. Lol! I'm trying KF XLP next because I heard their other dishes are also actually good. I prefer a variety of dishes for a satisfying meal. I'll come back here if I was ever in the area for a little bite... and the only thing I'd be ordering are the pork soup dumplings.
My second stop during my Flushing food tour. Came here solo and ordered one order of XLB. There was another american near by doing the same! Great minds think a like? Perhaps...I was a little nervous eating XLB RIGHT after eating 12 wontons at White Bear. I only had about 2 block walk to this place...so i don't think i digested enough. HOWEVER, since the place was pretty busy and their XLB is steamed to order, it took awhile! Thank goodness...about 15-20 minutes passed...usually you'd get hangry, but then i was relieved i had time to just relax and sip on tea. The XLB came out and i was already impressed. The dumpling skin was thin...probably some of the thinnest i've seen in quite some time. They offer the traditional vinegar based dipping sauce, which i'm not a fan of. But they give you slithers of ginger which is nice. The XLB are pretty good here. The broth tastes clean and the pork filling isn't too heavy. I don't think these are the best i've had in NYC, but they are pretty good overall. The restaurant offers other Shanghai dishes which, i normally would devour if i were not full already...pancakes, noodles, stir fries, etc. Great price and great quality of XLB! Definitely a must try for soup dumpling lovers.
We had a craving for pork buns so decided to come here since there is always a wait outside. Must mean its good! Go inside and get a number, then the guy comes out and calls you when there is a table ready. Efficient. The wait wasn't bad for lunch and we were seated immediately. Lots of seating inside. We ordered the pan fried noodles with chicken, pork and crab buns. The noodles were good and enough to share for four people. We saved our appetite for the best part - the buns! The crab buns are delicious with loads of flavor. If you order both pork and crab, I recommend eating pork first and crab last. The pork buns tasted so bland after we ate the crab first. Both are delicious but you really noticed a different in the soup when comparing. Great Shanghainese spot when you're craving buns and right along the busy restaurant strip on Prince Street.
I've had my share of soup dumplings n this one is below average! Two of the dumplings broke cos one was stuck to another and the other was stuck to the sheet under it! Soup was too salty n fatty. Meat (pork n crab filling) was low quality as well. I had ones ones from kung fu xiao long bao recently n that was great. Much thinner skin n cleaner soup! To top it off, the service was just horrible. The waiter didn't even look at us while taking the order n never came back to the table! Tried to give an order when she came to give the check to the table next to us. Seemed like she heard us but no acknowledgement. Spoke in Chinese to someone else n that person ended up getting us the wrong order! A big NO thank you! Don't even bother to try this spot!
My five stars is explicitly reflective of their dim sum.  The soup dumplings and fried dumplings are amazing.  I have returned many times for them and will continue to return for them.  I have tried other dishes and was not pleased but I am usually not familiar with Chinese dishes.  The atmosphere/customer service was pretty decent nothing to complain about.  My stars go simply to their dumplings because they are probably the best in the urban NY area, will definitely be coming back.  Came back here and the customer service was way better and the food was just as good as I craved it to be.  This will continue to be the place I go for bomb dumplings.
First time visit thanks to yelp reviews.My family is visiting from out of the country and have never tried dumplings so I searched on yelp for an authentic spot and found this place.I arrived earlier today when it was raining. It was packed. There was a wait. That's a good thing in my book. I told the lady we were a party of 9 and she said it would be about 25 minutes. I was sort of worried that it wouldn't please my out of town family and was hoping for the best.We waited about 20 min before they sat us down in another room. The waiter came and served most of us hot tea. I guess he ran out of tea so he gave water to the rest of the group. We ended up asking for tea from the waitress when she showed up to take our order. I ordered about 2 of almost every dumpling item on the menu. We also ordered seafood noodle soup, udon noodles, cucumber and garlic salad and crispy seafood noodle dish.- The cucumber garlic salad was delicious! I am going to try to recreate this at home.- The meat based steamed and pan fried buns (pork, crab, beef, tripe and chicken) were devoured by my carnivorous family. I assure you they enjoyed every bite.- I enjoyed the crispy seafood noodles, vegetarian dumplings, scallion pancakes and tiny (quarter sized) red bean buns.I don't eat meat so I made sure to ask the waiter what dish he had every time he came to the table. The waiters avoid eye contact and do not want to answer you, they literally attempted to run away as fast as they put the dishes down. I had to repeat myself up to 3x every time they came by to ask what magical dish they had brought this time. One waiter looked at me and said that he didn't know! How funny! We also got a quizzical look from another waiter when we asked for napkins and a knife. I didn't feel that they were very friendly which is why I took off a star.We were stuffed by the time the check came and they were still bringing dishes to our table! We had already paid and were chatting when they brought another dish of pan fried noodles. After we left, we crossed the street to enjoy bubble tea at Sunway. I think we made a good choice and would return! My phone battery was low so I didn't get to take pics of the dishes. There's always time! I did happen to snap a shot of the ladies in the kitchen making the dumplings on the way out!
dumplings! checkbeef scallion pancake! checkstir fried rice cakes! checkshanghai fried noodles! checkthis place has a simple menu and is one of the best place for shanghai food in flushing area!
Really good soup dumplings here. I really enjoyed the scallion pancakes. The wait was pretty quick. The menu is kind of small as they only focus on a few dishes. But overall very delicious and I will be returnin
Ahhh. I've never found a place where stale fried food was good,  or where I could stomach left overs. From recommendation from a local,  went here for dumplings. Absolutely amazing. Fresh,  so fresh,  bc line is of the door all the time.  Even to go it was about 15 to 20 min for the food.  Cash only so walk with your coins. Scallion pancakes with beef. Wow. Mind blowing. Pork dumplings.   "
Came to Queens with my family and Hubs suggested getting xlb for lunch. I was a bit worried about parking and the wait but somehow it wasn't bad at all. The service is very good. We ordered a bunch of different dishes. Salty tofu, shanghai udon, scallion pancake, pancake with beef, rice cake with seafood and of course, xiao long bao. :) We really liked the rice cake in particular. The texture & flavors were good. I liked the salty tofu too. XLB is deelicious and very meaty. Just the right amount of soup that it's not overflowing and seasoned well. I was a bit disappointed in the pancake with beef since that seems to be a favorite. The beef inside was cold but it was my first time trying something like this. Shanghai udon wasn't great. A little bland but good for our toddler because it wasn't too salty and he loves thick noodles he can pick up and feed himself. The pan fried dumpling & pan fried noodles look good too, will have to try next time.I'd come here again over other options but that seems to be the general consensus. :)
Great News I just passed this restaurant today and they are open!  I'm so glad. It's a great restaurant with great food!  I'll be there tomorrow morning for breakfast.
This is by far my favorite soup dumpling spot! I had to pay this spot a more current visit before this review and I am truly glad that I did! Nan Xiang's soup dumplings have hands-down the best soup. Six soup dumplings come in an old-fashioned bamboo steamer. Your weapons are the spoon and the tongs. Add some vinegar sauce on top and you are ready! Just be caution because the soup is very hot! My party got lucky and we got batches that just came out of their oven but that's not without a little bit of wait. The soup was still hot and steamy. The skin was fresh and the meat was so flavorful. My taste buds could not thank me more! While you wait for the soup dumplings, order some appetizers. A personal favorite is the Spicy Beef & Tripe appetizer. Marinated with Sichuan mala spiced oil and topped with cilantro. I love their fresh, made in the house hot soy milk! You can order it sweet or savory. Overall, Nan Xiang always meet my expectations of a good Xiao Long Bao!
Before my NYC trip I've been watching all these soup dumpling videos on Youtube. This spot came up a lot and I had to check it out. Came here for lunch Monday. Took the train all the way to Flushing for this. Man...so many Asians in flushing I must say. Felt like home. The restaurant is pretty big 3 separate dining areas , but ONLY one bathroom! We order warm soy milk, Crispy long doughnuts, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, Shui mai (filled with rice), spicy beef and tripe, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, and shrimp stir fry of some sort. Food was delicious expecially the soup dumplings. Everyone was kind of thrown off by the shui mai. which was filled with rice. I guess we all expected pork. Overall a great place for good soup dumplings.
The meal today was very disappointing.  The soup dumplins which was suppose to be the star was the worst.  The skins were tough and they all broke before I even touched them.  All the precious liquid in the basket.   The pork & veg wonton in spicy peanut sauce was lacking sauce.  Barely any peanut flavor.  I will not be coming back anytime soon.
Not going to go in depth to help ya'll out, okay?You should go here. That's it. The food is freaking amazing, as you can tell from all the other users' photos! If you're in the area, and even if you're not - go here. There's a municipal parking lot right across the street for convenience.Dumplings, soup, noodles, scallion pancakes. EAT EVERYTHING and bless your stomach!
I have came here so many times. Love all kind of bums but, this time I will recommend this Spicy Beef Noodles. so great!!! Don't miss it!!!
popular place in flushing. the xlb's are very good. good light broth. the fried porks buns were tasty as well. however, not a big fan of the scallion pancake (barely any scallion. yes I am spoiled as I have been eating too many korean seafood pancakes!) and the pan fried noodles were very greasy. but great place for quality eats and we weren't rushed even though there was a steady stream of customers.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon and was seated quickly. We ordered the signaturel pork dumpling, crab dumpling, and beef noodle soup. Just going to comment on their soup dumplings since they're what the place is known for:- the dumpling skins were too thick- there was a decent amount of soup inside but the taste was very plain, and slightly over greasy- meat was ok; the crab dumplings were better than the pork onesOverall I rate the dumplings as decent. Definitely had better ones elsewhere. Had high expectations going in seeing the overwhelmingly positive reviews here, but left disappointed.
Caught the lucky 7 express train to this dumpling spot on a Saturday and I guess everyone else was thinking the same because they had a line out the door. Pretty good hype for a traditional xlb place but we waited and finally got a table. We ordered the spicy beef and tripe to start and order a reg and crab xlb for the main event. The beef had great flavor and just enough spice and cilantro to keep you coming back for more. The xlb were just average. The soup was darker and fattier than I'm use to and skin to meat ratio was poor. For only 6 and about a buck each or more if you ordered the crab, I'd rather spend my money at Shanghai Heping Restaurant or Shanghai Cafe Deluxe in good ole C-TOWN where you get 8 beautifully tender meat-filled-to-the-max soup dumplings for only $5!! SAY WHAAA?I mean those were the only items we tried and it was my first time there but maybe if I'm lucky I'll give them another chance.  Also its cash only.
First ever post...I actually wrote a review for this spot! How is this even happening??This food so proper it brings music to a stormy dayPrices are premier like the premier league so tip well they're open til midnight!??If you've been rude today you don't even deserve to go here.Pan fried dumplings and udon noodleI love noodle
I've been here twice. The first time the food was mediocre and the environment is very fast paced. I wanted to give this place a second try due to all of the high reviews. However, this second time I was very disappointed. We ordered the Shanghai Noodles (which we were told had pork in it), Shaomai and beef scallion pancakes.The Shaomai was great and came quickly. The onion pancakes were way too saucy and took awhile.The Shanghai noodles which I was anticipating to be wonderful did not come with any meat and took FOREVER. When I asked about the meat, the server took it back and it was never to be seen again as I waited for 30 extra minutes. I finally got fed up and asked our server to remove it from our tab and cancel the order.Both the server and cashier were very rude. I will not be returning to this restaurant ever again.
I have a confession to make. I'm new to all that is soup dumplings. Yes, you heard it right. And yes, I know exactly what you're thinking: How on earth has she gone this far without having these foods in her life? Well thank goodness I went to Nan Xiang because let's be real people... I was hanging on by a thread. After a fun night filled with booze and more booze (YEE style), we headed here in search for late night bites.* Being that there was a group of us, we ordered plenty to go around. Pork Xiao Long Bao: I see that it has certainly lived up to its expectations. This is the kind of food you want to write a song about. It's that good, no GREAT. I've come to learn that there's a true artistry to the soup dumpling. Everyone apparently had their own "technique" from the transfer to the spoon, to the actual action of eating the dumpling. It's brilliant actually. I went the traditional route and pierced the skin and let the soup settle in the spoon before I slurped it up. The skin is delicate, the broth is savory and steaming, and the pork was scrumptious. Pan Fried Dumplings: Crispy. Juicy. Flavorful. It's all that you would want and expect. Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef: My second favorite item of the night. It was doughy yet crispy and not overly greasy (which a lot of scallion pancakes are).It came with hoisin sauce which was a great compliment to the dish. Thank you Ben L. for ordering this! This place really set the standard for all my future soup dumpling experiences. I'm officially hooked. After visiting Nan Xiang that night, I've been itching to come back. Anyone up for a trip? ________________________*If only during my college days we had Xiao Long Bao. It's seriously a great drunken food. (Aside from the usual pizza.)
Went here today for the first time with my boyfriend around 3 PM. The lady at the register ignored us for a solid minute before waving us to go into the back to be seated. We ordered the spicy bamboo shoots, scallion pancake, & pork soup dumplings. The spicy bamboo (cold dish) arrived immediately, they were boring. The dish wasn't even spicy & that is confusing as the bamboo was tossed in chili oil. Won't be ordering that dish again. Then the dumplings arrived. The dumplings were really tasty, they had a good amount of soup inside. I was annoyed that a table that ordered after us got their scallion pancake before we did; we waited another 10 minutes after to get our pancake. The pancake wasn't good either, it was fried well but nothing special about it. Overall, this is a cheap place to eat. My bill was less than $15 for 3 dishes. Beware, the establishment has a C grade on their window.
This place is awesome. Let's be honest about how it differs from Chinatown first:- The area is less crowded- Easier to travel to from within Queens- The waitstaff is way nicer to youThat being said, the food is pretty on par as well. When it comes to quality and price, the food holds up to Chinatown for sure. Nan Xiang Dumpling House has 3 full dining rooms to meet the demand they have (at least on a weekend night). 4 of us ate for $10 a person (tip included).We got 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings (6 in each order), pan friend udon noodles, rice cakes with chicken, and a small vegetable dish. One thing I will say is that they don't have a ton of vegetables on the menu. I like to add in some variety to all the pan fried goodness and there weren't many vegetable options here. Also, the rice cakes were a bit chewy but not bad.Overall, this place is totally worth it. Soup dumplings have at least 3 spoonfuls of soup in them... sometimes more if that's actually possible. The prices are good. And there is endless hot tea. I don't know if that makes a difference to anyone but to me, that's key.
One of the best restaurant in flashing the vegetable noodle soup awesome and the vegetables steamed dumplings so good , try it you will love it I know I will go back to try more of there vegetarian dishes .
I've been going here for a few years now, ever since I came to NY for school. Hands down, they make the BEST soup dumplings. I like both the crab and pork soup dumplings - you can't really go wrong w/ either one. Their noodles are also suuuuuper delicious, albeit too oily (but hey, that's Chinese food for ya). One of my favorite dishes is the beef w/ hot pepper noodles (dry). It's better than the other pan fried noodles in my opinion. I also prefer it over the noodle dish w/ soup. You should also try the scallion pancake - sooo good! Extremely affordable + super yummy. Definitely one of my favorite places (and one that I find myself craving pretty often!)
Amazing food!  The soup dumplings are one of the best I've ever tasted. But the rice cakes and udon are a great choice too. Go and I guarantee you'll want to come back soon.
Good in terms if authentic Chinese but unless you know what items you want to try it's very confusing. The staff isn't really helpful in explaining what items are, etc.Also, after the food offer rush (this is dim sum style) they staff rarely returns. We wanted more for but had too leave our room and hunt them down. Getting more water or tea was basically impossible.
It's affordable for sure! However, I wasn't very impressed with the xiao long bao. I have had better.  I recommend:  pork better than crab and pork soup dumplings. The combination taste was odd. I really like the scallion pancakes w/ beef though. That was good, but eat it as soon as it gets to you because it becomes oily and stale if it gets a little cold.
Tasty tasty food!We made a pit stop here before leaving flushing for the day, and we were not disappointed! We ordered pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, and hand made dumplings. All were excellent and full of flavor. I highly recommend this little place for a quick dumpling fix!
I'm not sure I would rate this higher than Joe's Shanghai. It is cleaner, their servers are not as rude as Joe's, and you don't exactly have to share tables with other parties (though you are still practically sitting on top of them). The soup dumplings here are okay. I think Joe's has a better taste (meaning more MSG?), and I do like that Nan Xiang has other dumplings to offer too. We also had the pan fried pork dumplings (they were only okay), and the spicy dumplings with peanut sauce. The scallion pancake with beef was pretty good, and we took some cold soy bean milk to go. The price point is great. No argument there.
Very good. I wasn't expecting this, but my wife and daughter actually like the soup Dumplings at Little Dumpling better! I feel they're the same. The veggie straddled dumps were good, and i loved the chive & egg fried bun. My wife liked the garlic cucumber. The service was pretty cut & dry service, complete with the lady who speaks pretty much ZERO English.
Went with a friend and it was a good time. We didn't really know what to get but the waitress helped us get all the popular items and we really enjoyed it. Their food is good and good priced. Will come back here again.
As a child of Shanghainese parents, I think it is safe to say I know a thing or so about soup dumplings aka xiao long baos.The dumplings are average, nice, meaty and juicy. However it was missing that flavor that makes a person go "mmmmmmm". One item on the menu that stood out to me was the sesame pancake. It definitely made me go "mmmmm" let me order another. I won't not suggest ordering the pan fried dumplings. They were extremely subpar. The service, however was excellent. Attentive and the food came quick.
Listed as closed but definitely not closed. I almost lost the chance to eat delicious soup dumpling again because of Yelp. Can't trust anyone these days.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is actually called Nan Xiang Long Bao. It is a dumpling restaurant in Flushing. Take the 7 train to the last stop in Flushing. They stop serving dumplings at noon on weekdays. I came at 1pm and so I ordered the bean curd and cilantro dish and the scallion pancakes. My meal was $9 total. They offer you tea and give a side of sliced ginger. The bean curd is a cold dish and comes thinly slides in some kind of oil. Really tasty and not too salty. The scallion pancakes come in 6 big pieces- two or three people can share one. Inexpensive and yummy.
Always busy, sometimes hard to get a table right away, but the food is worth it. Service is pretty good. The soup dumplings are amazing. Prices for everything is really good.
Good soup dumplings.  There are also a good variety of small dishes, like Chinese tapas.  The hot soy milk is great in cold weather.
We had many orders, my favorite are steamed pork and steamed crab meat. These 2 dishes reminded me the best Xiao long baos I had in Taipei and Shanghai, juicy and delicious. We could taste and drink the soup inside the baos, really good.  However, the pan fried pork buns were a bit dry and tough. I felt they were not as fresh as xiao long baos. We also had beef & chili pepper noodle soup, it was surprisingly yummy; especially those little chili!! I can't wait to come back soon.
I really enjoy this place a lot. Everything there id very cheap and affordable. Their soup dumplings are about $6 and theyre very good. I also get their scallion pancakes which are sooo good. I love them. Ive also gotten their pan fried noodles but those were a little too oily for me. I highly recommend this place when trying to eat good food but on a budget. The downside is that its extremely busy and sometimes theres a long wait. Also, since its so busy, they dont clean as throughly as I'd like. Also, they dont accept cash.
When is chinese food NOT chinese food ?When it is done by Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao; that is when.Even the ubiquitous chicken with brocolli came out different; made us go hmmmm.All dishes were a cut above regular chinese food.My chinese guests were impressed as well; they said it reminded them of home.Now if you will excuse me, BURRRRRP !!
Food is mediocre at best. They didn't have half the items I ordered despite being a Tuesday afternoon. They're prices are okay, but I'd prefer Chinatown Xiao long baos. If I ever had to wait for a table here I would just leave; it's not worth my time. The staff here are forgetful and slow. The table next to me had a piece of plastic on his soup.
Amazing. Absolutely a must-go if you're in the area. Simple menu but they do everything so efficient and perfectly spot-on with their flavors and authenticity.Spicy Beef Noodles were definitely big enough to share and broth was super flavorful if you're interested in getting that!
Amazing xiao long bao!!! I love this place and always try to stop by when I'm in the area. I lived in the NY metro area most of my life and never found a place better than this (except when I've travelled to Taiwan of course!)
Always a quick, reliable, and delicious meal. My family and I always leave full and satisfied. The soup dumplings are a must order and I recommend this place to anybody looking for a convenient meal.
The reason why this gets my first Yelp review is because I just ate here yesterday and it's as good as it was a few years ago. It has always has been very cheap and who does not like xiao long bao? the staff is very attentive and brought my food out quick. Nothing to complain about. Sure, it's not the most decorative restaurant in the world, but I dont mind. as long as my cravings are satisfied with no dent in my pocket. Feeling quite lucky to live in flushing today. So much good food and many more reviews to come!
The food is amazing. Their soup dumplings are very tasty. I will go back to try out other items on their menu. This was my first time trying it and I'm glad I did. The tables are a. It to close together but other than that the place is clean.
This is a good spot for soup dumplings. I always get the pork because for some reason the crab tastes strange. Also get the soybean milk here it's really good. As for the other food here, it's mediocre. The service here is average although the receptionist is rude, so one star down for that.
My opinion on Nan Xiang's diminishing quality is now confirmed. Nan Xiang is just above the mediocre level now. Sure, its name keeps this place popular since tourist and foodies still flock here by the dozens but a seasoned xiao long bao enthusiast would know where to get cheaper or better quality soup dumplings.The soup dumplings from my most recent meal still had thick skin and the soup was kind of thick with pork impurities. The flavor is still good but for some reason it had a beefy note to it.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($4.95) - Bland and barely any beef inside. There was hardly a coating of sauce to safe it as well. (6/10)Soy Milk ($1.50) - Good but its hard to mess this up. Comes with a plate of fried dough on the side. Dip the dough into the milk for the full experience. (8/10)Salt Soy Bean Curd ($2.50) - They forgot about this dish twice and when they finally realized, they tried to heat the bowl of tofu up in the microwave that is in clear view from the tables. The tofu obviously sat at the counter for some time since the quick radiation blast did nothing to heat it up. The luke warm feel and fishy (from the tiny shrimps) flavor was disgusting and this tofu was a huge disappointment. (3/10)
Best soup dumplings, period. Joes Shangai or Joes ginger can't touch the dumplings here. Been coming here for a while. They are spot on every time. The scallion pancakes are great as is the salted bean curd and soy bean milk. It's also fun watching people eating soup dumplings for the first time. It's quiet the task and can be dangerous!
Get the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. You won't be disappointed. Pros-Quick service-Delicious foodCons-Street parking is extremely hard to find, but I've always been pretty lucky. -Cash only
Service went down hill and sanitary conditions have gotten bad. How are the employees going to wash there hands without soap in the bathroom? I will not be coming back.
Food it good. We got the steamed crab pork bun. It was really good. The service is good too. However, thr hostess needs an attitude adjustment.
Definitely has the best soup dumplings in flushing!! Don't be a fool and go to Joe's Shanghai, this place is better and is bigger = less wait time!!I used to be a Joe's Shanghai activist till i was introduced to Nan Xiang. The soup dumplings are the best i've had ! You can't go wrong with either the pork or the pork with crab soup dumplings. Also make sure to order the scallion pancake with sliced beef!! Definitely a must have here. If you're getting noodles, the shanghai noodles pan fried nooodles are delicious but a bit oily.The food comes out really fast but the service isnt the best, however, this is typical for almost any busy establishment in flushing so you kinda get used to it. Its also a cash only place so make sure to bring money!! The place is relatively cheap so you won't be breaking the bank going here but you'll leave very full!
I've been wanting to try this place since we moved to Flushing last August, and we finally did this past weekend. My only regret is that we didn't try it earlier! This was our first time trying soup dumplings, so while I can't speak to how good Nan Xiang is compared to other establishments, I can say everything we tried was incredible. We ordered: - steamed pork buns- steamed crab and pork buns- cucumber with garlic - pan-fried Shanghai udon - scallion pancake with sliced beefThe must-try things, in my opinion, are the pancake, pork buns and the udon. The others were also really good- I would order them again, but could also go without them. The udon and the pancake are what I've really been craving ever since we went. I can't wait to go back!
Seriously!?Worst soup dumplings ever!  I couldn't believe how subpar the quality was, from the thick skin of the dumpling to the sad case of meat they called pork inside of it.  Color me spoiled by Din Tai Fung, but this sure isn't it.Spicy beef tripe tasted like formaldehyde.  The pan fried noodles were so greasy.  And the steamed dumplings my friend ordered looked like they were thrown into the microwave minutes before they were brought out.And while we're in the same vein, our orders were coming out literally minutes after we placed them.  Efficiency aside, am I the only one who thinks that's bad news?  I was getting skeeved out so much by the aspect of it all that I even started questioning the quality of the water when they came to refill our glasses.  Did they stick the plastic pitcher (that looked it it hadn't been rinsed off in weeks) underneath a rusty tap and call it a day?That's it.  I'm done.
Came in with much higher expectations, the xiao long baos were mediocre, as were the noodles.Xiao long bao skin was too thick at the bottom and too thin at the too making it impossible to pick up without breaking. But besides breaking, it just tasted too doughy.Their noodles were extra greasy and just tasted like american Chinese cuisine, and not authentic.The good thing was the scallion pancake with the beef, good and crunchy with flavourful sauce and beef.Business was busy, which is apparently the norm here, seems like the only big xiao long bao restaurant in the area, so not surprised. But I don't think it's worth it.  Wouldn't go again.
I've been going to this place for awhile and it's definitely become one of my go to places to take my out of town friends to. I mainly go for the soup dumplings as this place is known for it and I remember seeing this restaurant on the Chinese channel one time. Service for soup dumplings is quick. Only downfall about this place is they often run out of the red bean puffs which is one of my favorite appetizers. The past 4 times I've eaten here they've ran out of it. Service is okay. I often have to call the waiter and asks for refills of water/tea or to even place an order. Aside from all that, if you're looking for a unique authentic soup dumpling place, this is the go to spot.
Previously Michelin star recommended.  Key word, previously***.  I'm not going to hate on this place, but just stating facts.  If you come here for their crab and pork soup dumplings and scallion pancake, you will not be disappointed.  Otherwise, their pork soup dumpling was not that great.  There was a lack of seasoning for their pork filling.  Their seafood stir fry was ok, good noodles, but bad toppings.  The fried dumplings was also ok.  Their beef and tripe in hot chili oil was a little worse than ok.  The cut of beef is a thicker cut, making them chewier and less flavorful.   The staff is very nice, and service is good.  I'd recommend trying this place out, but don't jump on the hype train until you try it.
So yummy!! Too bad it's so far away from where I live in Manhatten :( Best soup dumplings I've ever had!! Idk why there was no line here! The dumplings have so much soup (that beats all the dtf's out there even though I was never really a fan) and the dough is soft yet slightly chewy. My bf and I ordered 6 pork and 6 crab soup dumplings, a beef roll, and a rice cake. We couldn't even get to the beef roll because we were so stuffed so we brought it back for the next day's breakfast. The only reason why I didn't give this place five stars is because their stuff is SUPER OILY. I can't drink too much of the soup dumpling's soup so I have to pour mine out at around the fourth one. The soup is super oily (hence why it's good) and the rice cakes were definitely soaked in oil. Good but so unhealthy.
I love this place so much. I'm a huge fan of their soup dumplings, crispy noodles, rice cakes, pork buns, crispy dough, and literally everything I've ever tried here. It's quite inexpensive and I think it's great quality for the price. It's super packed especially during lunch and dinner hours, but service is pretty fast and I've never had to wait for more than 10 minutes to be seated.
Nan Xiang soup dumplings [insert greater than symbol here since Yelp won't allow me to put one in] Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplingsMy most recent visit, I had to get the venerable soup dumplings brought to me as takeout, but they were still piping hot and fantastic. The soup is always ready to scald your mouth, so be prepared and careful. Order a side of scallion pancakes, and you're set. Budget-friendly too. Love this place.
Came here on a Sunday late afternoon, there was no wait. I have seen many people wait to eat here so we decided to try this place out. Had the crab meat soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, and shanghai udon noodles. Soup dumplings were okay, I still prefer Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings. The udon noodles were plain nothing special. Overall don't see the hype for this restaurant, definitely had better soup dumplings and shanghai udon noodles elsewhere.
I'm a die-hard fan of the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai and remain a fan even after trying out Nan Xiang.  I prefer Joe's because their dumplings are soupier and less meaty, and the skins are slightly thinner. However, I still had a great meal at Nan Xiang and would come back the next time I'm in Flushing. 2 of us came here for dinner and were seated promptly. We ordered the soup dumplings and the shao mai. I had no complaints about the soup dumplings (other than that they weren't from Joe's), but the shao mai was nowhere near what I was expecting. I ordered them thinking they would be like dimsum shao mai, but the ones that came out were filled with sticky rice and had a completely different (and yucky) taste. I would have loved to try to some other things on the menu if there weren't only 2 of us eating. The food took a while to come out compared to other Chinese restaurants I've been to, but service was fine and the waitresses were courteous.As with most places in Flushing, this place is CASH ONLY!
All introductory visits to Nan Xiang should consist of one thing: the Xiao Long Bao, otherwise known as soup dumplings. Believed to have originated in Nan Xiang, a suburb of Shanghai, in the late 19th century, these dumplings acquired their name due to the small bamboo ("xiao long") baskets they were often cooked in. Eventually, they made their way over to a cooking oil store turned restaurant called Din Tai Fung. The rest, as they say, is history.Nan Xiang Dumpling House is reputed to serve up some of the best xiao long bao in NYC, although those who don't live in or near Flushing, Queens may find it a bit of a trek. Thankfully, the restaurant is located a short walk from the Main Street stop on the 7-line and on a Friday afternoon, the dining room was mostly empty. We were quickly seated, given tea, and small laminated menus. Ordering was a breeze (remember, why else are you here?) and the dishes came to our table in short time.So: the Pork Soup Dumplings. The ones at Nan Xiang veer on the larger side, although it wasn't necessarily a good thing in hindsight. The skin was thin. but still with a good chew, and the broth inside the dumpling was piping hot and savory. The addition of a little vinegar sauce with ginger is a personal preference, but I find that it helps counter the pork flavor successfully. The disappointing factor, however, was the fact that 3 out of 6 of the dumplings we received had broken skins, a discovery that was quite saddening, to say the least.We also ordered two extra dishes: the Fuqifeipian and Pan Fried Udon. The first is near and dear to my heart as its origins lie in my hometown, Chengdu, a city in the Sichuan province. History lessons aside [1], the dish consists of thinly sliced beef and tripe doused in a chili sauce and served cold. While the version at Nan Xiang was tasty, the beef and tripe slices were too thick, and the chili sauce was unbalanced as well; the amount of oil was too generous, and I missed the extra dose of Sichuan peppercorns. The Udon wasn't particularly memorable either. Although the noodles had a good texture, they were stir-fried in a monotonous sauce, highlighted only by the sparse adding of pork and greens.While they still serve up a respectable (if not half-broken) tray of xiao long bao, I've heard that the quality at Nan Xiang has gone down over time. Perhaps it's true, but unfortunately, it's not a hypothesis I'll be able to test.--[1] The dish is attributed to a husband and wife couple who sold their beef and tripe slices out of their home in Chengdu, Sichuan in the 1930s. The dish was originally termed "husband and wife's offal slices", or "Fuqifeipian", but a traveling merchant liked the dish so much, he re-wrote the "fei" as the character for "lung", to make it somewhat less unappealing.
Best soup dumplings ever! The scallion pancakes with beef and the udon noodles are delicious as well. Service is fast. On weekends there might be a wait and it's crowded but it usually moves fast. And it's cash only. But I absolutely love their food! Would definitely recommend.
I love the food. Had the famous soup dumpling. Definitely the best I've had. The atmosphere was well noised. Not too quiet. Sometimes a bit loud. But I still love it.
The soup dumplings here are very good and flavorful. It's good for the cheap price. Only took off a star because the service is just okay.
got the scallion pancake with beef, steamed pork buns, and soup dumplings. all very tasty and very solid. would come again.
I love me some good soup dumplings. Nan Xiang has some of the best soup dumplings. It's the only reason why you come to this place.I really enjoy the crab meat soup dumplings. The soup is so delicious. I love slurping the soup. Then poceed to eat and enjoy the rest of the soup dumplings. I could eat a dozen plates of those. Yummy!!
The food is reasonably priced, tasty and served fairly quickly for a packed venue. Enjoyed vege dumplings and seafood soup with noodles. Bathroom needs immediate attention.
I have nothing to say but good things about this place! One of the many things I miss about living in Queens. It can get busy here so if you plan on visiting at a peak time, be patient. The ambiance is pretty mediocre - I would have to say they could do a better job keeping it clean but it's not authentic if it's clean and doesn't smell.My favorites are the steamed vegetable dumplings, the xiao long bao, the scallion pancakes, and the fried Udon! If it's your first time going, definitely try the xiao long bao and scallion pancakes. The service here is pretty hit or miss...sometimes you can have great, friendly service and other times you will have the worst customer service. Honestly, the food and price make up for that!
Incredibly well priced if not well presented but not trying to be fancy. This is your Chinese grandmothers dim sum at basement bottom prices. We walked out of there with satisfied and full for a little over $25 including tip for two. Their soup dumplings are out of sight and the beef Short rib chive pancake is also exceptional. Definitely worth the trip to Flushing.
The price is good and the food is great! I've been to Joe's Shanghai so many times and to be honest, I like this place a little more! The Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) is a must get. It was really good and juicy. The crab xlb.. I can't taste the crab as much but its still really good! I recommend you order everything all at once because they took forever to give me my scallion beef pancake. Oh but let me tell you... IT WAS SOOOO GOOD! Worth the wait! I want to come back and try other things but I'm from California. When I come back to visit... I'll be going here instead of Joe's.
love love love! For the price, quality, and quantity you're really getting your money's worth. I love bringing my friends here cause they always order at least six different plates of soup dumplings. While I always order their scallion pancake and shanghai noodles. Their soy milk is really good too! If you go during the peak hours you might have to wait an hour or more but the food comes really quickly so thats a plus.
Apparently its Michelin star rated, which i was surprised about. Service is quick, and I was able to get a table of 5 within 10 minutes (the place does get packed though). The braised beef noodle was goood, and filling. It comes with lots of noodle & about 6 pieces of sliced beef. But come here for the  xiao long baos of course. Theyre tasty, flavorful, and the texture of the bao was just right - not too thick & not too thin. Becareful - it's super hot once it hits your table so let it cool for a bit.
Very competent soup dumpling, competent side and other dishes.Not much wrong with the place, but not five star quality food.
i hate it.. shitty service and cashier is a real piece of work she was on the phone while an elder lady stands there waiting to pay.  cashier told the lady that was her husband on the phone and he was more important. i was lit.. just go to joe shanghai it's only 2 blocks away and much better soup dumplings.food is mediocre at best not sure what the hype is about .
The namesake soup dumplings were very well made. Skin was perfect and held together without breaking throughout the course of one person polishing off 5 by himself. Great flavor as well. The real standout for me was the beef scallion pancakes. Wrapped with hoisin sauce and fried for a bit, these things were incredible. Great decision to stop by before my flight in LGA
The place is very disorganized and does not look clean! Food is really not that great either. There are better places in Flushing!
Just had Sunday brunch this morning with my family, eight of us.  Xiao long bai (4 orders) and a lot of tasty dishes. Drunken chicken was not available again.  I was so impressed by by the waitress memorizing the entire order and repeated the long list without a mistaken.  We did not wait long and everything were fresh and timely.  Plenty of time for my niece to catch her flight.  Hope drunken chicken is available on my next visit.
Good soup dumplings for the area and NYC to be honest.  However, service is almost non-existent.  Even getting the check is a chore.  They sometimes have only one server for the entire room.  I don't ever see non Chinese folks in here, as they're the only ones who can tolerate this kind of treatment.
The soy milk and the rice cake is great, will come back and visit. Only down part is they make us squeeze in on those little tables.
I'm hesitant to wright a review because I don't want to blow-up this amazing secret!! But here it goes. Yes, go. It is amazing. I've been there numerous times with many people, every one loves it! Of all the great thing to order, 3 are my favorite the soup dumplings (of course), cucumber in garlic and the "shao my" (bad english spelling), which is a steamed open top dumpling with what's looks like some type of rice in it.
Some of the best dumplings I have ever had. Pork soup dumplings are phenomenal. I found this place on my way to LaGuardia, I had an extra hour to kill before my flight so stopped in for dumplings. This spot is only 15 minutes from the terminals. If you have a layover and need to burn some time hop a taxi over.Also the garlic cucumbers were surprisingly tasty and an item I had never seen at a Chinese restaurant before.
Amazing food! I'm not sure what else to say beyond how great all the food was. The only negative thing I can say is that the customer service needs some attention.
My mom was in the mood for Shanghainese food last time we were in Flushing, so I led her here based on the strength of the reviews. Yelp never lets me down, because all the food was delicious! The menu has helpful pictures of all of their signature dishes, and we quickly put in an order for soup dumplings, as well as a host of other goodies. First to land on the table was the beef noodle soup, which was excellent and had a generous portion of beef. Better yet (and my personal favorite) was the scallion pancake with sliced beef, which was greasy and glorious. Imagine a giant piece of fried bread, smeared with hoisin and stuffed with braised beef. Chinese food doesn't get better than that. My mom doesn't even like fried food, and she admited it was tasty. My other favorite dish of the day was the rice cake with shredded pork and preserved mustard. It was executed so perfectly, so simple but done so right. I liked that they didn't make the rice cakes too salty and just let the flavors of the preserved mustard shine through. The Shanghai shao mai were the only thing I didn't like. The combo of sticky rice and rice wrapper was too much for me, and I thought they needed a little more flavor. My mom, however, loved them, and they were super filling. The main event though was the soup dumplings. Try to put in an order of these as soon as you sit down, as they take the longest to make. They were wonderful, with delicate skins barely containing the hot broth inside that just bursts out as you bite into them. Not the best soup dumplings I've ever had, but probably the best I've had in Flushing. The only complaint that I have is that they're very rich and heavy. I had 3, and it put me into food coma territory almost instantly. For a Flushing restaurant, it was pretty clean, and service was prompt and efficient. Everything is super affordable. We spent $30 on food for 3 people, and we were pretty full. If only I lived closer!
Food was really good and afordable! We got Rice Cakes, Xiao Long Bao, Fried Udon, Spicy Beef and Tripe, and 2 beers and it came out only to about $35. Noisy any Chinese restaurant, but the service was fast and they were nice. A bit of a wait though since it is a popular place. Cash only.
I was expecting the line to be ridiculously long but I got lucky and got some seats. I think the best time to go there is around 4 where it's a little earlier than dinner time or you just have to get lucky. I came here to get some xiaolongbao and I have eaten xiaolongbao and many different places. I thought this was going to be the best one I've had but it wasn't! It was still good though. I also had the scallion pancake with sliced beef because that was something new to me. It was actually pretty good and the flavor was nice! It was just a little oily though but I do recommend to try it.
I love soup dumplings and this is the spot to have them. They are so delicious, but be careful the soup can be extremely hot. They offer either pork or pork with crab soup dumplings. I always go for the crab. They are the tastiest. I've also tried the spicy beef noodle soup. Oh so yummy. The beef is so tender and the noodles freshly made. The noodle soup is so filling. I usually share it with another person. It does get busy however the wait is not long maybe 5-10 mins at most. Definitely make sure to bring cash since it is cash only. They offer refills in tea just dont hesitate to ask. The staff is friendly and the decor is simple. The food speaks for itself. Utterly delicious.
When I first got to know DTF, I thought to myself: this is the best XLB I've ever had. Then I moved to the city and got to try Shanghai Cafe. I thought THAT was the best XLB I have ever had. Well, now that I have tried Nan Xiang, this place - hands down - has the best XLB.XLB costs only $5.5 here. HALF of the price tag when compared with DTF. But it gets better from there. The individual XLB portion is comparably bigger. If you let the XLB cools down a bit and stuff it in your mouth in one bite, you will be at the happiest place on earth. No, not Disneyland. I came here for lunch and was delighted to learn that breakfast items were still available. I tried the hot soy bean curd and it was freaking delicious. I couldn't believe it! So freaking good!My only "complaint" is that I don't really know why its cold appetizers are priced much higher than other menu items. I got the beef tripe and it was over $7. They were pretty generous with the dish amount but I still found it slightly expensive.The service was good. The restaurant is huge and can seat lots of people. I will be back for sure!
Delicious food! I am shanghainese, and would definitely say this place is worth trying out for the most authentic shanghai food in the area! Beats joes shanghai, I (and my mother who is a Shanghai native) can guarantee you. $5.95 for 6 soup dumplings is also one of the best deals you'll ever find. You cannot come here without trying the soup dumplings!!
You know some place is special when you've eaten there weeks ago and you keep dreaming about it day after day till you start messaging people you don't even like to go with you to eat there. Ugh. I'm so hungry now. This has one of THE best fcking dumplings I have ever eaten. Pan fried yo. And xiao long bao? Two kinds - normal pork and pork and crab. Ahhhh it has so much tears of joy soup inside. Beats NYC chinatown any day. Joe's Shanghai? More like No Shanghai. Go here. It's better. And they can also wrap that stuff up frozen if you order in advance. I'm going to order 1000. And then I will warm one dumpling up each day till I run out.
I went there again last week since it was the only place opened at 9:30am. I had their salty soybean milk which was ok. Their claim to fame -- crab pork dumplings were really sad. The dumpling skin was thick and crude but the worse is the lack of dumpling soup and flavor. There was absolutely no crab flavor! It was so disappointing to waste a meal in Flushing. I got an order of their kau fu from the cold appetizer section to-go which has been good in the past. While the flavor was fine, I found a piece of black plastic in the food -yuck. Hope I didn't consume any. There are so many better places to spend your money and meals in Flushing. I DO NOT recommend this one.
Came to this restaurant with a friend because we were both craving buns for a while. Needless to say, it satisfied both our cravings!We were quickly seated since the restaurant is pretty spacious! Staff and waitress were also nice.We ordered scallion pancakes with beef (a definite must), pork buns, and crispy noodle with beef. They were all delish and not too oily or greasy. The food came out in a timely manner despite the busy lunch time.Definitely coming back here again and trying the other food on the menu!
Best Shanghainese food in Queens.Their soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and cucumber are must orders.They also have good noodle soups, as well.Their only downfall-long waits and if you're not Chinese or Asian, it is a struggle to get a table. You must be very aggressive.
I was looking for some knock dead Xiao Long Bao and found this location at the top of the list.Arrived there at 1:00 pm on a Tuesday. It is caddie corner on same street the new Hilton is located in Flushing. This should tell you street parking is non existent. So good if you find parking in parking lot either across street if lucky, or better three blocks up where there is a massive two story garage which is usually also a challenge to find a spot.Small cafe sized location. I should have known there was going to be an issue when they were handing out wait numbers. Not good if you have to get back to the office from lunch on time. So what am I saying? Think sardine can, where people had to wait outside because it was so crowded waiting inside.Wait staff need some training in courtesy. Since we were not able to get a seating we ordered take out - we decided to eat elsewhere but I had to try their claim to fame. One order of Xiao Long Bao - you will wait 15 minutes!!! Okay, I bit the bullet and waited. I kid you not when within that long 15 minute wait I watched four .. FOUR separate groups of people walk in, were told they had to wait, and then just went elsewhere. Wow! Really popular, BUT they weren't willing to wait as us smucks.Finally got the Xiao Long Baos ~$7+.It was a fair amount perhaps 6-8 (don't remember)Packaged properly, came with sauce, chop sticks and napkins without having to request.Getting back to office after we had lunch at Asian Jewels around corner - wait was 2-3 minutes, I tried out the baos. Here's my verdict:Decent, but there is place along side LIRR that is a bit better and the wait is not so insane - and what you get is much better. Not worth waiting 15 minutes for a take out, and certainly the 20 -30 minutes it will take you to get seated if you are on a schedule.Don't trust the reviews. They must have had someone pad it. My patience, taste buds, wallet and ability to find street parking validates a honest and straight forward assessment on this particular experience at this specific time period.Bon Appetite
What was ordered:1. Steamed Pork Bun2. Crab Meat Pork Bun 3. Shao Mai4. Rice Cake w Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard5. Spicy Beef and TripeWe're rating this restaurant entirely on food. If you're particular about service, then maybe this isn't the best Chinese restaurant for you. Also, the place is small and locals eat here, so expect to wait for a table. Once you've ordered, the food comes out in a timely manner. The food is great! Flushing is the place for Chinese.  You can rely on this place to give you only the best. We recommend trying, my personal favorite, the Rice Cake with Shredded Pork & Preserved Mustard. It's packed with flavor and you are sure to enjoy the rice cake texture. This place is known for their xiao long bao,(soup dumplings) so, don't leave without having one. We really wished they had a bigger drink selection though. @TheHungersons
I've gone here since I was a baby and would only be able to eat the silken tofu with honey for breakfast! This place holds near and dear to my heart because over the years I've grown up with craving these soup dumplings time and time again. With more soup dumpling places opening up in flushing, now there's really no need to go here only BUT i still choose to because it's a part of me. The quality has gone down i must say unfortunately but i also know how hard it is to keep up with demand and rising costs for food and rent in an area that is developing with dessert fads and slow gentrification. They have expanded over the years to include the space from the two restaurants they neighbor because lines would be out the door regardless of what time you try going there. The soup dumplings are still hand made behind the register in front and it salvages the authenticity of what i grew up on with my parents coming here and needing a booster seat
Can't believe how rude and how unprofessional their waiters is! It took me forever to wait till one of the waitress came to order my food, then once she order she told another waitress that she forgot what I had order and told her to come Oder my food again.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has continued to do a phenomenal job at satisfying my soup dumpling cravings as well as many classic asian snacks such as scallion pancakes, fried dough and top it all off with soy milk. I highly recommend trying some cold side dishes, Fried Bean Gluten which is comes with shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shoots and everything in this side is extremely flavorful as it has probably been marinating for a while! If you like spice and spicy, definitely try the Spicy Beef Tripe bursting with szechuan peppery goodness! It has been over 5 years since my first review of this amazing soup dumpling spot and the soup dumplings are still bursting with flavor and the perfect ratio of skin to meat to soup. Not the best soup dumplings but definitely the best Queens has to offer. I also recommend trying the wontons in spicy peanut sauce as it is very flavorful and the peanut sauce is great!
Stopped here on a whim, and boy was I glad I did! Everything looked and smelled fantastic, and the soup dumplings are some of the best I've had in town. I will definitely be back soon!
i have been to this restaurant for breakfast and lunch for some time, the vegetable dumplings are so good that i have it evwrytime i was there. but the cashier was always busy with the phone orders, besides this, this place was good for Chinese dumplings.
Had the opportunity to visit this restaurant on the last view visits out in NYC and food has always been consistent.  The soup dumplings were nice on a cold night and also tried the beef noodle soup, which was okay.  As with any asian restaurant, come for the food and affordability and disregard the customer service.
I called in to order take out for my pregnant wife. I was on hold the first time for 17 minutes no one took my order. I called back and the host who picked up the first time answered again. Her name was Amina, she was very rude and said that the restaurant was busy and put me on hold again. I was on hold another 15 minutes and was cut off. I call back one more time and Amina answers again I tell her I was cut off. In a aggravated tone Amina quickly say please hold. I'm now on hold for the third time. A gentlemen named Jose picks up and takes my order literally walk into the restaurant. There's no line and very few customers dining in the restaurant. I ask to speak to the manager. A women walks up to me doesn't tell me ( I later as Jose, he tells me her name is Kate) her name. I make my complaint, she says "oh that's not acceptable and basically brushes me off. I shock the your key staff members are so rude. I found my experience to be extremely unpleasant. And if not for my wife's crazing I would have said forget it and cancel my order.  I don't think I well spend my money else where in the future. This is a poor representation of the Cheesecake Factory brand. Do better Cheesecake Factory
Attentive service for tea refills and the scallion pancakes were very tasty. Ate alone and  scallion pancakes and steamed pork dumplings were more than I could handle. Nice price at $12.
I was here on a Friday night with two friends. We waited twenty minutes for a table. Not bad of a wait. I can't say much about this restaurant. I had the steamed vegetable dumplings and thought it was really good. It was generously stuffed with vegetables. I also had the beef scallion pancake. I though the beef scallion pancake was good. The sliced beef was lean and had savory brown sauce over it. Coming from someone who is more of a vegetable fan than a meat fan, I wish it had more scallions on it. Service was okay. I wish I had my tea refilled more often.
Small yet great menu. The soup dumplings with crab and pork are great! Could eat them everyday! Also had the scallion with beef! Amazing! Ordered fried pork, didn't think it came out so soft and yummy and just perfect!  Will definitely come back soon!
Awesome Dim Sum place! obviously anyone who knows dim sum, the prices are just ridiculous for the quality and amount of food you are getting. We ordered three and were completely stuffed and struggled to finish. The crab meat and pork steam buns, the pan fried pork and the pork in spicy peanut sauce.Free tea and fast service. Would easily come back after a Mets game.
This review is just for what I ate on that day... Need to come back to try other dishes..After watching so many China' & Taiwan's Drama, I wanted to eat Crullers and drink Fresh Soy Milk...Crullers: fried, not sweet, just taste like dough and oil.Hot Fresh Soy Milk: light taste, couldn't stop drinking it... It's better than the one from the box ...Cash Only!Clean place!Nice service!
Must have Soup Dumpling... Love the Spicy Cold beef and tripe appetizer...Their rice cake is great and shredded pork noodle is must...
Made the hike out to Flushing from the UWS and ordered 6 pork and 6 pork & crab soup dumplings. The hike was completely worth it as both were great. However, next time I go back, I will stick with just the pork and crab because there was something more flavorful and delightful about the broth. I also had a beef dish, but my friend ordered it and didn't catch the name. I thought it was good, but not as good as the soup dumplings! I can't wait to go back for those.
Great Yelp find! Dishes come out super fast and everything was delicious!! Obviously order the crab pork Xiao long bao - soup dumplings. They're amazing! We got there around 6:30pm and only waited 5 mins. When we left the line was around the corner!
Their soup dumplings and their scallion pancakes were delicious! This was my first time coming here but it did not disappoint. My only complaint was that I wish the staff was more attentive, we were there for about 45 mins but they never refilled our tea or came by to ask how our food was. That being said, the food was very tasty!
So juicy and yummy. Recommended by friends and ended up here. Didn't regret, the soup dumplings are really good. Too bad I can't eat any gluten, regardless, I ate the soup and the meat inside, still very delicious.
Things you need to know:- If you like soupy dumplings and have never been here, do yourself a favor and go NOW.- Their soupy dumplings will lead to pure ecstasy.- Definitely get the beef scallion pancake.- I made the mistake of going there on a Saturday for brunch and the wait was RIDICULOUSLY long.- Service is not excellent. You'll get your order eventually.I honestly cannot get over their soup dumplings. There has been times when I craved it so much that I dined there like three consecutive times.
Folks, if you're on a budget, this place is a must. Not only is it incredibly delicious and filling, it's so cheap, the only guilt you'll feel when you leave is from being a glut. There were 4 in our group and with tax and tip, we all left feeling very full for only $10 each.I had bookmarked this place exactly a year to the day before I dined here last night. That totally wasn't planned but I thought it was funny how things work out sometimes. I was in the area after watching the Mets Opening Watch Game at CitiField and suggested this place because it was the closest venue from all my other bookmarks, but I digress. Let's talk about the food.If you didn't know, Nan Xiang is known for their soup dumplings and judging by their ever creeping expansion, it looks like they know a thing or two on the subject. They initially started off as a single space but took over the spaces on both their right and left, creating a three room restaurant. Unfortunately, their menu isn't very vegetarian friendly but I did manage to find a couple of things I could eat. The meat packed soup dumplings were out of the question for my plate so I'll leave it to you to rely on the hundreds of other reviews recommending them. Instead, I'll advocate to the small number of vegetarians who knowingly walk into restaurants with a 99.9% meat based menu with their carnivore companions, and boldly ask the waitress* (who believes scallions are a type of meat) if there's anything else that doesn't contain meat. *To her credit, she did warn me about the shrimp powder that's in a lot of the foods that doesn't list meat in the description.They were out of the obvious choice: Steamed Vegetable Dumplings, so I settled on Youtiao (kind of like a long flaky doughnut - so very good that I ate as is without dipping into the sweet soy sauce), Cucumber & Garlic (they forgot to add cilantro in the description, which was the best part!) and Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don sans meat but with extra bokchoi (they did not give me extra bokchoi!).
I came here a few days after trying Joe's Shanghai (granted that was around 11pm) and my first reaction is that it's much better than Joe's Shanghai. It could be that my last experience was late at night but the XLB was less dry on the outside and the other dishes we tried were pretty good as well, however, they were oily and overly salty in Canto style. Our server was nice and patient and we had no problem with the service or the speed. There were plenty of other non-Asians eating at the place on a weekday at noon, my only complaint is that the other customers were a little loud.
I've came here multiple of times during the day and the their soup dumplings and noodle dishes were really good. There's always a wait line when you come here in the afternoon and peak time. Their prices are not too expensive either which is a plus! One night, I was craving for soup dumplings after my classes and one of my friend told me it was open until late. I really had no idea and I was excited to go because I haven't had soup dumplings for a while. The restaurant was pretty empty (only two other parties) and the person at the front had be waiting for about five minutes to be seated... Meanwhile she was busy talking to her friend. Like really? You could have at least seated us first. There were multiples of tables open, but the waiter wanted my boyfriend and I to sit next to another pair of couple. I get it that you don't want to have to wipe down an extra table at the end of the day.. But .. Really?! I don't think that couple would appreciate such company when there are tons of other seats. I would like my personal space also. Anyhow, we ordered soup dumplings and the Shanghai fried noodle. My excitement for soup dumplings was thrown down the drain when I took my first bite :( All our dishes were definitely not fresh. The soup dumplings were not hot and the noodles were cold and hard. It tasted like they microwaved the plate of food and brought it out for us. Not tasteful. I was very disappointed. On a regular basis, I will definitely give this place AT LEAST a four star because their food are actually really delicious and yummmyyyy! But this night experience was very unpleasant and threw me off. I'll definitely know next time to not come back at night.
I was in the area and was looking for some xiao long bao. The service is really lacking in this place. The waiter had to be flag down to get refills on beverages. Our food came out fast. We ordered pork xiao long bao ($5.75) which was very standard. I highly recommend the Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don which was really amazing. The dish has great favor making  it stand out from other dishes. The pan fried dumpling ($6.50) took longer then the other dishes. The pan fried dumpling was okay but the dumpling skin was very thick and greasy. I would avoid ordering this dish at this location. It was my first time ordering the scallion pancake with sliced beef was good. I highly recommended this dish as well. The scallion pancake covering the beef was very thick. The slicked beef was delightful.Overall, meh. I would probably come back in the future
We used to love this place but it looks like the ownership/chef changed because everything here is super salty, oily, and full of msg.  Our pork chop noodle soup had a few pieces of wilted bok choy, stale pork chop, and cloudy soup base with enough salt & msg to make you gasp for water.  The noodles were meh.  The stir fried rice cake with Pork was undercooked, oily, and had black burn marks.  At least the soup dumplings were passable,  but you can definitely taste the extra salt & msg.  Go elsewhere for your soup dumpling fix.
Maybe there have been changes in their kitchen team? Came back for dinner recently after not having passed by in a long time. The dumplings are just not the same anymore - thicker skin, not as much juice. Still well worth for the price though!
Had the seafood Udon noodle, very tasty and filling. Service was quick even on busy sunday eve and reasonably priced. Looking forward to the freshly fashioned dumplings i watched them make
This place is my family's, friends and boyfriend spot to go too! We love their soup dumplings mixed with crab meat and pork, their sautéed vegetables, shredded pork, dessert dumplings, their soups and their customer service is great! I love this place, on the weekends you may encounter a wait, it's a small place but amazing !
Order from a menu, not from rolling carts.  Made fresh to order but very quick.Very good soup dumplings.  Scallion pancake with beef outrageous. Server was very helpful, efficient, friendly and spoke perfect English.  Hand made dumpling very good   CASH only.  ABSOLUTELY worth a try.  We'll be going back.  Four star experience elevated to five since their prices are so reasonable.
3 things you must try: the soup dumplings - 小笼包, spicy beef and tripe - 夫妻肺片, and the scallion pancakes with beef. Their service was great, the food were authentic, and the price is reasonable. The soup dumplings were super juicy, one of the the best I've ever had! I would highly recommend this place!
I don't think I've have such delicious soup dumplings for a very long time!! I was starting to get bored of all the soup dumplings I've had at most places...but then, my sister took me to Nan Xiang Dumpling House!!! The skin is perfectly thin but chewy (how is that possible, you ask? I don't know how they did it either!), and the soup inside of the dumpling was plentiful and flavorful. Good sized, and came out quickly. We also tried their chives & egg fried bun (i think that's what they called it), it's also one of the best ones I've had. Even better than the one my dad makes at home (shh...)! Those are the two dishes that dazzled me most. I also tried their spicy wontons, but those were less than mediocre. It was very plain, so we ended up putting a bunch of soy sauce and vinegar with the wontons. Not what you're supposed to do...but oh well. Like all restaurants, they have good and not-so-good dishes. You just have to know which ones to order!
Just got hired at a job in Flushing and, being that I am the unofficially appointed caucasian 6God of Asian cuisine, I couldn't be happier to work in Flushing. As a self-proclaimed non-shitty-human-foodie, I was eager to try this spot out. I'm from Seattle, and I think soup dumplings were invented there like a year or two ago there, so excuse my prior ignorance. The place has no English signage on the exterior, so I struggled-walked past it, giving a confused look into google maps yet pretending to know where I was going. Definitely walked by it, then walked by it again, then found it. That being said, places without English signage are usually the real fuckin deal. It's like either it's going to be a good, authentic restaurant, or maybe a massage parlor where a shorty will play with your dillz at the end of the massage.I couldn't really understand the menu, but I know Eddie Huang said to just order the soup dumplings, so I just asked for "soup dumplings" and was rewarded. Having never tried soup dumplings, I googled "How to eat soup dumplings" which led me to watching a fat white guy tell me (a skinny white guy) how to eat this Chinese dish. I mean cuz really only a white person would search that, let alone make a video tutorial. Whatever man, I searched it. Anyways, shit was pure, scorching-hot greatness. I sat at the table for a moment after my first bite, basking in the glory of my present lituation. You already know I mass-texted the photo I took to all of my non-Asian friends in an effort to flex and claim my spot on the throne of white people who eat cool food aka I'm a fucking herb.Oh also, they don't take card, so I had to walk to the nearest ATM which is hella far. That's a pretty shameful walk imo.
Very good dim sum. We ordered so much food. Loved the soup dumplings! The prices were great!  Very well worth the travel from Brooklyn to Flushing! :-)
Food is good, but the waitress would not let people sit down when they have plenty of empty tables, trying to create a sense of popular. Very stupid management style. Waste of time
Hole in the wall place, doesn't look pretty but the food was amazing. I was visiting the area and ate here twice!
The pork crab soup dumplings and rice cake with shredded pork and shanghou Mai were all amazing!!
Soup dumplings and the soy milk were the only things that are decent.  Nothing special.The chive pie and the udon middle were so oily.  The pan fried pan bun were doughy and thick.  Not worth it.Cash only.  Services were lacking and the servers were playing on their phones.
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao makes the soupiest soup dumplings I have ever had. I went on Sunday afternoon, around 2-3, and the line was still out the door. The wait time itself wasn't too bad since people don't linger after finishing their food. It seemed that everyone was drawn to the restaurant by rumors that these soup dumplings rival, or even trump, those of Joe's Shanghai. By the time we were seated, I was famished. We ordered the regular pork soup dumplings, husband and wife tripe, scallion pancake with sliced beef and baby cucumbers. All of the portions were extremely generous.The tripe was extremely flavorful- it certainly didn't lack any spices. There was also a lot of beef slices. Most cucumbers are just dumped in garlic sauce and lack flavor but these baby cucumbers were definitely marinated. Scallion pancake is an all time favorite dish of mine and I'm a firm believer that meat makes everything better. Naturally, I ordered this. It turned out to be a little overwhelming, merely because of how large the portion was and how much meat they gave us. Three slices ended being super filling. The pancake was thick to begin with and then stuffed with meat. As for the soup dumplings, I can't decide who has the better soup dumpling between Nan Xiang and Joe's but I am certain Nan Xiang has more soup and more filling. Overall, it was a very filling meal and great value for the price.Another great tip is that if you want any of the food from other restaurants, you can order it and have it delivered to your table because the owner owns all the joints in the block.
All the things are so so compared to me. And I came during a busy hour. But that doesn't give them an excuse to just make the udon soup literally taste like they put some water in it. Not only that but they only give about 3 small pieces of beef for my beef pancake. And not only that, but some of the things are dirty too(utensils and cups).
Came here for a late dinner around 11PM on a Saturday night. We thought the restaurant was closing at midnight but it closed at 1AM. The restaurant was very busy throughout our entire meal. Pros: - All of these dishes tasted amazing: Beef Pan Fried Noodles, Pork Soup Bun, Crab Meat Soup Bun - I personally liked the pork soup buns better - We all agreed that the hot Soymilk drink tasted better than the cold one, and it was cheaper by 50 cents. It's less sweet than the cold one. Cons:- One coed bathroom - The scallion pancake was going to take 30 min so we didn't wait for it
No doubt the best place for xiao long bao. The only drawback is that I only like their xiao long bao, the rest is just so so...
First timer here on a Saturday with my group of friends after a late run. We got here at around 11:30pm-12am. It took a while to get us seated since there were still many people that late. The staffs weren't rude but they weren't the nicest either. After getting seated, we ordered and the waiter that took our order decided not to write any of our orders down which included 2 cold and 2 hot soy milk, 4 soup dumplings (xiao long bao), noodles and scallion pancake. The soy milk came quickly and it was so delicious. I highly recommend their soy milk on hot or cold. Then 2 batches of soup dumplings came. It was very flavorful and delicious. After receiving and finishing the first 2 batch of soup dumplings. We waited a long time wondering if the waiter had forgotten the other 2 batches. Turns out he didn't even get the order right. We even cancelled the scallion pancake off the list because he forgot that too. We weren't going to wait another half an hour for be scallion pancake since it was close to closing.
I was really excited to come here and taste the food but I have to say I was disappointed with the service, taste and cash only option. I won't be back.
Ok I'm a foodie, so this review + rating is independent of my thoughts on the service. Soup dumplings are ok, nothing to get mindblown over. Scallion pancakes were definitely good. Other things to try: the pan fried udon is good, as well as the pan fried rice cakes. All in all, this place doesn't really live up to the hype.If I were to give a review on the service, they get 0 stars. Awful service. Sometimes they blatantly ignore you waving your hand at them. Recommendation: Normal XLB, and go to Kung Fu XLB instead.
People say you are what you eat, but I don't remember eating disappointment. I came here for xiao long bao, but the skin was too thick and they are not juicy. However, their other dishes are good and the portion is just right.
The best soup dumplings in town. I usually get soy milk with it during the summer time but just beware cause sometimes it goes bad before they give it to u last time i had to exchange it cause it gave a funny aftertaste and the replacement was from the same batch and I just kept it and didnt drink it. The waiters arent that attentive but at the same time i dont really care cause im there with my friends and usually they give us what we need before walking away
Amazing and so reasonable! 4 of us eat quite a bit and the bill was $46 + tip. Great Tripe, Fried Pork buns, Udon noodles and Crab and pork dumplings!
Great for that "late night" dining experience.(( Scenario: You're out on a Saturday night, have had a little too much to drink, or maybe just a mere a sip of your whiskey sour, and you leave the bar say at 12:30am. Dang, I'm hungry you think to yourself.. but lo and behold, there's not a single place open at this time of day, and you're not craving the all you can eat hot pot down the street... but then... BANG. There it is. Xiao Long Bao.You step in - already you smell the soupy delicious awesome goodness - and you think to yourself is... hell. freaking. yes. lets do this. ))Need I say more? Their xiao long bao really are soupy deliciousness, perfect for those nights where you just want something warm and gratifying after a night of (potentially) questionable calls.Side note: A bit chilly if you're sitting in the room where everyone enters and exits, wasn't because of the door being opened and closed, maybe it was the air conditioning system, or maybe I'm just constantly chilly.
The subway trip from Manhattan to Flushing is approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Are the xiao long bao (XLB) at Nan Xiang Dumpling House worth this commute? Hell yeah they are. After having XLB in California, the DMV, and many, many times at Joe's Shanghai, I can confidently say Nan Xiang's are the very best. The skins are not too thick and not too thin; flexible enough to hold the soupy filling, but never cracking. The pork and crab filling is flavorful and plentiful. The dumplings, themselves, are the plumpest I've seen; it takes at least four -- yes, four -- sips to finish all the soup in a dumpling. Anywhere else, only two. I had a chance to try one of their traditional Taiwanese breakfast items: chinese donuts (not like American donuts at all) and hot unsweetened soy milk. I did not think this was worth having again. Save your stomach space for dumplings only! Nearby are large Taiwanese malls with amazing food courts, so the long commute to Flushing is definitely worth it if you start early and have at least three hours to kill. That way, you can have breakfast AND lunch! I'll definitely return here on subsequent NYC visits.
Love their service. Very kind and quick. Scallions pancakes are delicious. And gotta say, the soup dumplings are one of the best in NY. Gonna go back here more and try more stuff :)
This is my favorite restaurant in flushing! My go to place especially in the winter for the soup dumplings. I Love love love their xiao long bao! Freshly made and relatively quick. However, there is always a long line. But it's definitely well worth it. Always satisfy my soup dumpling cravings. Also recommend their Shanghai noodles and dumplings!
This is a great place to visit if you want to try some authentic Chinese food. The food here is delicious, and there's a great variety of food, with traditional dishes that originate from all parts of China. Some of the dishes are small and relatively cheap, so you can try a bunch of them.
They gave me a fake 5 dollar bill. Some girl who worked September 13, around 630pm. I asked for change of 5 dollars and they gave me a fake 5 dollar bill. I'm am so upset. Don't go here they pass on fake money
Delicious.  Soup dumplings, salty soy milk, and sticky rice log - yum yum yum.  Would definitely come back and try the other items.
I will come to this place again and every time thereafter when I'm forced to visit this overpopulated neighborhood. The beef and chili noodle soup is SPICY af so beware (but still so good). Soup dumplings (classic) on point. The end.
Stop overhyping this place. I mean for those of you who give this place 5 stars, have you ever had real good soup dumplings in your life? If you ever had real legit soup dumplings or any real good Chinese breakfast in China. You will know everything this place offers are merely average at the best. I mean i've been to this place a couple of times and it never impress me in any way. Don't get me wrong, their dishes are not bad tasting or horribly wrong in any way. But seriously, if you think this place is good, then most of restaurants in Flushing would receive 5 stars. Branch out and try different things. For example, Kung Fu xiao long bao offers better soup dumplings. And Red Bowl Noodle Soup offers better breakfast menu. They are all on Main street. Try them now. You can thank me later. :D
Love this place! Seriously, if you are in search of Xiao Long Bao then you have found it! The wrappers are so delicate and thin which makes the meat/soup the real focal point of the dumplings! Free hot tea upon being seated, smiling servers, a price point that is on the mark (under $6 - for the Pork).If you are taking the time to Yelp this place specifically looking for "soup dumplings" then do not hesitate and go!
This is one of my favorite places to get xiao long bao. Both regular pork and the crab/pork mix are great. I love their scallion pancakes too. can sometimes be a little oily, but so good.Wait time can be a bother depending on when you come. Weekends are hard. And it's CASH ONLY so make sure you hit up the ATM beforehand.Parking is the worst in flushing, so good luck if you're trying to come here on a Friday night.
I'd have to say I had high expectation for this dumpling house because of its popularity. I got the crab and pork soup dumpling,pan fried pork dumpling, spicy beef and tripe, cucumber and garlic, fried bean gluten, soy milk, and pork chop noodle soup for around 43 bucks total. BEWARE: it is a very small appetizer portion except for the soy milk and pork chop noodle. The dumplings come in 6 pieces for around 7 bucks and everything else on the menu is around 7-9 bucks. Overall favorite: spicy beef tripe and I wish they have bigger portionDUMPLINGS: both dumplings were alright. I expected more flavor and nice texture to the skin but it was just like any other dumplings I've tasted. CROWDS: it got crowded during weekend nights!
This restaurant used to be decent with dependable service and a friendly staff. It has gone only downhill since then. As I am writing this, I am still waiting for my shao long baos. It's very depressing when you arrived before everyone around you and everyone has paid and left before you. The staff is less than lackluster at best. Upon multiple friendly reminders of my missing dishes, the staff continued to focus on her other tables (it's was only 12:30pm mind you- a time where shao long buns are not craved by the general Asian population). I left hungry and will go to another more respectful place that places their customers first.
Came on a Sunday late afternoon (around 11AM) with 4 people and didn't have to wait. All the food came out very quickly but we had to wait for the pork buns and soup dumplings for a while. We ordered:Salty soybean soup 4/5Sweet soybean soup 5/5Oil stick 3/5Beef in scallion pancake 5/5Pork buns 5/5Soup dumplings 5/5Turnip cakes 4.5/5All of the dishes were really good; first time in flushing for dimsum and I enjoyed it a lot. The soup dumplings were as good as its hyped up to be. Highly recommended. Bill came out to $40 with tip and tax for 4 people.
I finally got to try the infamous soup dumplings! The pork and crab soup dumplings were delicious and hit the spot on a cold winter night. It was not as crowded for a Friday evening as it normally is which is why my visit has been delayed for so long haha. The menu items are decently priced and not a overwhelmingly large selection. The service was okay, I could see some improvement in that area and also the service is not as fast and strangely inconsistent because tables next to us that come after us get their order of the same items earlier than us when we ordered earlier. Sometimes they take the order via memorizing then forgot our order. But the staff is nice so they try to compensate for the inconsistency. The noodle soups are pretty tasty; the fish fillet goes well with the pickled cabagge which I would have never guessed to combine the two items in a noodle soup. The spicy beef soup was flavorful and hit the spot. I think I will try the other small side dishes next time since many people seemed to order it and enjoy it. Remember it is cash only so definitely prepare for that.
Are the soup dumplings better than Joe Shanghai's? Prob on par, but the rest of the food is so much better. I have been here at least 10 times and I have always been pleased with the meal here. The other stuff at Joe's is very mediocre, flavors are definitely white washed. I love the fact that this restaurant expanded a long time ago, the waits here were always crazy and rightfully so.The food:Steamed Pork Buns- this is the reason you come here. I prefer the original over the crab addition. I feel the crab doesn't offer much in terms of flavor nor texture. The dumplings are excellent. They are dumplings filled with a pipping hot broth that you slurp before you consume the dumpling. There is also a vinegar ginger dipping sauce that cuts the richness of the dumplings quite well. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef- I like the flavors of this dish but it tends to run on the oily side. It's a scallion pancake with slices of beef, hoisin and scallions. Kinda reminds me of Peking duck, but with beef. The oil magnifies even more when it gets cold. I like this dish but it can be tweaked. Also, the pancake is pretty on the thick side and it's filling as shit! yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef & Tripe- I really like this dish a lot. It's kinda like a spicy beef and tripe salad. The beef and tripe are super tender and the flavors are explosive. This dish is awesome with beer. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Spicy Beef Tendon- it has the color of a nuclear orange. It's kinda weird looking but the flavors are nice. The tendon is tender and unctuous and the chili oil complements the tendon well. It's a good, not great dish. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pan Fried Pork Dumplings- I was pretty happy with the pan fried. The bottom was crunchy and the filling was juicy. I was really happy with this.Pan Fried Pork Buns- seems like the general trend is all the pan fried dishes are oily and this dish is no different. The flavors of the dish are good but I thought the bun had too much dough.Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce- this dish was kinda weird for me. The wontons are boiled, then put in a bowl with chili oil and some kind of sesame sauce that really resembled thinned out peanut butter. I didn't think the flavors went well together.  I would skip this dish.Shanghai Shao Mai- This is not what you think of when you think of shumai. This sucker has pork and sticky rice. The sticky rice completely threw me off. I liked the fact that the dish is home made but I wasn't crazy about it.Seafood Pan Fried U-Don- I like this dish. It's a stir fried udon with bok choy, shrimp, scallop, fish etc. This dish is not an exciting dish and the flavors aren't explosive but it is a very solid dish. The chew of the udon and the flavors of the seafood with the combination of the soy work well.Rice Cake with Beef- I liked this dish as well. The rice cake offer a nice chewy dough with tender pieces of sliced beef and cabbage. It's not really a exciting dish but the flavors and textures are nice. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Pork chop noodle soup- Got this with the chop on the side. The pork chop is excellent, has great flavor and is super tender. The broth and the noodles are pretty straightforward. Nothing too exciting really. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Crispy noodle with seafood- A pretty standard pan fried noodle dish. It's pan fried noodles with a seafood gravy on top, it's a good dish, but nothing exciting really. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Ultra crowded on Friday around 4pm. Long wait for food. Got the beef scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. The beef was inedible - all fat and gristle. The pancake itself was good. The soup dumplings were fine- pretty standard. Overall, the food was not worth the wait or money ($14). This place is overrated.
Loveeeeeeee dis place. Omgah. My stomach wants dumplings NOW lol. I wish they had another establishment in Texas. Came to eat here my 1st time while visiting NYC during winter break and it was so damn good... Mmm. Ordered pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and was it pork fried dumplings?? I forgot.. I need to go back and look at my NYC pics.. The soup dumplings = on point. Idk how they per-fect it, but kudos to them. Just because they are "small" , don't underestimate the power of those dumplings because you will get full! Scallion pancake didn't disappoint either. I love the crispness and greasiness. Cash only!!!! They also serve you hot tea :) You will not regret coming here.
I highly suggest Nan Xiang if your looking for dim sum and small Chinese dishes in Flushing.My favorite dish was the scallion pancakes with beef. They were crispy and delicious. I also liked the pork and vegetable wonton in a spicy soup. The soup sauce had a delicious nutty element too it. It was an unfamiliar taste for a soup. I really enjoyed it. It wasn't too spicy.The service is fast, and the staff brings out your dishes as they're ready...so be careful, they might be hot!! The staff kept our tea and water cups filled.An all around, great experience. I'm eager to go back and try other dishes like the pig ear, rice cakes, and jelly fish.
When you absolutely need to have traditional Chinese food, with fast service, no need to look further than Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao. I had a simple meal of a Scallion Pancake with an order of Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns. The food was traditionally prepped, and delicious. (Be careful with the crab meat, pieces of shells are still in there.) For travelers, this restaurant is just a block away from the Best Western, Hyatt Place and Sheraton hotels.
Amazing authentic Chinese food. Definitely worth the trip. Some of my favorites were the scallion pancakes, Shanghai udon noodles, steamed and friend dumplings and pork buns. I can't wait to come back!
After eating soup dumplings at different establishments, I have to say this location is at the top of the list by far. Flavourful, just the right amount meat-soup ratio, & CHEAP (a good thing in my opinion). Their other dishes are incredibly delicious as well. My favorite go-to's besides the dumplings:-scallion pancake w. sliced beef-cucumber w. garlic-rice cake w. pork-pork buns (the bottoms get nice & crispy mmm)There can be a wait. Most I've waited was 15-20 mins...it really depends on when you go.I've seen people order the crispy noodles as well so I want to give that a try next visit.Plus, they are Michelin star rated - that has to be a good thing, right?The trek from Brooklyn to Queens is worth it.
Best xiaongbao in Flushing, still. I went for lunch this past Saturday at 2p. Surly dismissive service from host and waiters as is typical of Flushing places thus a lot of the bad press, but go for the food instead. Seating is very competitive but waits are short as the waiters hurry patrons in and out of their meals. Lots of tourists and non-Chinese so it must be listed in tour books and sites. Interior is bright and clean with high efficiency seating arrangement thus no privacy, nearly every table touches another, but a very large seating area and large glass windows makes it feel less claustrophobic than it might otherwise. Service is partial English & certainly Mandarin and preferably Cantonese. Ordering is straightforward with a bilingual menu with photos for all items, ingenuous way to handle the many tourists. All I need to say is they're perfect. The skin is thick enough to tolerate use but not to get in the way. We ordered 2 pork xiaolongbao's (6 per bin) and 1 scallion pancake. The soup inside is just right, a careful recipe of real chicken gelatin in it with nice filling. The scallion pancakes are fried right and not excessively greasy.
Two out of five relative to the hype. The food and service arent really much more than a three out of five. They have a few dishes on the menu that are rarely found but the execution is just ok. Xia long bao is just average. Menu range is limited relative to other shanghai restaurants. There's better shanghai food across the street, imo.
My go-to joint for XLB. Food is cheap, filling, and delicious. No complaints on my end, other than the long lines during Friday-Sunday brunch and dinner hours. Service is pretty quick with no frills. Nothing I have a problem with. For two people, two orders of XLB and one side is enough food to leave you feeling like the michelin man. I've never left Nan Xiang feeling less than stuffed. Also, to the white guy who said he prefers Joe's Shanghai - nothing's stopping you from going to that tourist trap. Bye, Felicia!
Cheap and tasty. It's a restaurant in flushing. I expect the bad service. I'll still return because the food was good.
All I want to say is, why can't they bring this over to the Bay area? I have tried Joe's ShangHai and Din Tai Fung from different locations, I like Nan Xiang the best!The dumpling is big and full of soup, you have to be careful to not have the soup drilling out of your spoon. They make it fresh after you order. We probably waited for about 20 minutes. I also found out that if you order equal or more than two different kinds of dumplings, they usually wait until all flavors are cooked then they bring them together to you. So if you see your next table neighbor got their dumplings first while they ordered a bit latter than you, don't worry, it's not that they forget about your order, it's that they are trying to be efficient and want to bring all your dumplings together all at once.Funny thing was, we went there on a Saturday afternoon, there was a long wait, but the worker told me it was a 20 minutes wait. So I got my number, went to eat at the new food court for about an hour, then when we came back, we still waited 5 minutes for our table! So whatever the worker tells you about your wait time is not correct.
It's been 4 years since my last review and 4 years since I've been here. They have expanded so there was no wait when I arrived friday afternoon around 4pm. I ordered:- Pork soup dumplings- Crab & Pork soup dumplings- Soybean soup with the long fried sticks of dough (not sure what the name is)- Pork & cabbage noodle soup- Scallion pancake with beefThe pork soup dumplings were delicious, just how I remember it. However, for a soup dumpling place AND a shanghainese restaurant, they should know that shredded ginger is important to serve with the dumplings. They bring out a measly amount and when I asked for more, they gave again.. a measly amount. The 'crab' and pork dumplings, tasted EXACTLY like pork dumplings!!!! No sign of crab anywhere! That's when I asked the waitress whether it was crab & pork dumpling. She first says 'I dont know what that is' after showing her the inside of my dumpling. Then she makes a remark saying that i ordered 'PORK AND CRAB' and i'm like I KNOW, where's the crab? She responds by saying 'ITS NOT ALL CRAB.. Yea I know its not all crab, I was pointing out, where's the crab?? All I see & taste is the pork! Did I get 2 orders of the pork dumplings??? The waitress starts muttering to the other waitress in mandarin that I clearly do not know what I ordered. Mind you, I may speak shanghai dialect but I understand mandarin perfectly. By then, I gave up. There was no point in arguing with the chinese. Going back to the food, the pork & cabbage soup was bland, I would not order again. Scallion pancake with beef was a hit with the bf and I thought it was delicious too! There's def hoisin sauce in there. The soybean soup with the fried dough brings back childhood memories and was perfectly crispy & chewy at the same time! All in all, it is def not a 5 star establishment as I remember it to be, the pork dumplings are definitely good but if the pork and crab dumplings DO in fact taste like the pork dumplings, just go ahead and order all pork dumplings, its not worth the extra dollar & confusion when they taste identical.
Joe Shanghai was my go to a few years back for soup dumplings....it's now my 2nd option.  Space is large enough for a big group, but they don't take reservations.
The soup dumplings both pork and crab are always delicious here. Best rice cake with mustard cabbage in Queens!
CASH ONLY. NO DEBIT. NO CREDIT. Okay now let's talk. I loved it. I loved loved loved it! Having been in the Midwest for so long, it is SO nice to be able to sit down and eat a legit xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Especially after taking over an HOUR to get here from a flight into La Guardia (Friday night traffic I suppose). Loved that there was seating right away, cuz this girl was dying to try this place! So I love how juicy and savory these soup dumplings were! The skin was well made too. Both the pork and crab/pork were DEEEE licious! The beef noodle soup was also legit. I wish I were related to the owner/workers so I can eat here all day every day. Behind the glass, you can see the ladies making these yummy little things. I can't wait to go back. Next time I come to NYC I'll be back. No doubt about it! Even with the 1 hour commute, but I'll wisen up - no more Friday night landings into La Guardia.The only thing is the bathroom is not very clean. So, go to the bathroom before coming and eat your heart out and leave before needing to go is the moral I think.
Really good food, Dim Sum etc...  The place is always packed be prepared to wait.
I've had NYC's XLB once in Manhattan's Chinatown so I don't have much to compare Nan Xiang to but it's a solid four stars. We came on a Sunday night with the hope of snacking our way through Flushing so we only got XLB, sheng jian bao (pan fried), and a green onion pancake. In order of my favorites:- Holy smokes, the green onion pancake knocked my socks off! It might be one of the best ones I've ever had - extremely crispy and chewy, light and airy, perfectly salted. Great texture.- XLB was great, though maybe not the best I've had. They're a bit doughier than what I'm used to (see Richmond, BC) and there wasn't as much of that fatty porky flavor in the juice. Still delicious but I wouldn't pick it as among my favorite XLBs. Also we didn't get ginger - not sure if you have to ask for it but oh well.- Pan fried buns were good, not great. That's all I have to say.All in all, Nan Xiang is good, worth checking out, but there are better Shanghainese places in North America.
Made famous by Eddie Huang (VICE is my jam), this place lived up to its' hype. The couple times i've come here, it hasn't taken me longer than 5 minutes to be seated. The space, especially in the area right when you walk in to the restaurant is a bit cramped, but it is bearable.The atmosphere is quiet, service is average, but the food is amazing. If you're like me and you enjoy being able to hear your friends speak over dinner, this is a great spot to come chill and enjoy some bomb XLBs.I've had the crab and pork XLBs (Soup dumplings), the scallion pancake (w/ and w/o beef), and a noodle soup. This is usually my go-to spot just for soup dumplings so my review may be a bit narrow in variety. But these XLBs are delicious. The soup packs a punch, not too greasy, and full of flavor. The crab in my opinion is not really worth the extra buck because the flavor is so masked by the black vinegar (please stop poking holes into your XLBs). On its' own, its alright. The scallion pancakes with beef are good as well, but may I recommend this... Get the scallion pancakes. Put sugar on them. Then immediately access yelp, come back to this review, and thank me for making your life wonderful again. Overall, it's quiet, dimly lit, and delicious. And theres a snowdays next door so you can cooldown with some dessert after!
I've heard a lot of people say this is the best xiao long bao in NY so I've had this bookmarked for a while. And when my boyfriend and I went food hopping in Flushing I made a point to include this stop. After all, my boyfriend have never had xiao long bao before. Since we were already pretty full we only ordered a serving of xiao long bao. It was pretty late on a weekday night so it wasn't crowded and service was quick. The soup dumplings themselves were quite good but I have to admit it was a little overshadowed by everything else we ate beforehand. And I do need to revisit Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai cafe before I once again decide which is my top pick out of the three. Until then this place is getting 4 stars.
Came here for the soup dumplings of course! I've never had to wait too long to be seated, and the food comes out pretty quickly. The soup dumplings are a good size, and have a great broth inside. They're thick enough that they won't rip when you pick them up, but thin enough so that they're not so doughy. Cheap too! The place may not be immaculate, and the service is mediocre but that's normal for Flushing. Can't hate on it! Even if you don't have much time, you can be in and out of here pretty quickly - they don't take much time giving you your check back when you're done with your meal (a pet peeve of mine)
Shanghai pork soup dumpling are very good. Not as good as Din tai Fung in California. A bit too big to be authentic.Rice cakes are average. Too small and peppery.Scallion pancakes are very crunchy and worthy. Not a lot of scallion flavorSoy milk and yau tiu are good.Cash only sucks.
This place had long wait time, but the service was fast. I mean they weren't the best at serving but their soup dumplings are good. They have good other dishes too, but I ordered 4 crates of soup dumpling with my friend sooooo.... try it and you will see for yourself.
Worth the wait, usually a pretty fast turnaround time. Love the fresh soy milk. The cold tripe and beef dish was delicious with the cilantro, highly recommend! Best crab and pork soup dumplings I've ever had! The skin was super thin and the broth inside was very tasty. The fried dough was good but nothing special. The pan fried buns are another item I recommend to get. The scallion pancake with beef was ok, kinda dry.
The soup dumplings here are amazing. And the prices are quite reasonable. Most things on the menu are actually pretty good too. This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings aside from Din Tai Fung. Note that it will be pretty full around meal times but they do get people in and out somewhat quickly.
Good food, good prices. Xiaolongbao hits the spot. Probably my favorite next to the not-so-average Joe's. Their other stuff is pretty tastey too, especially the beef wrapped in scallion pancake or the pan fried buns. You know what, close your eyes and point (defeats point of pictures on the menu). I haven't had the soup noodles but it'll probably be good. They're always busy, so be prepared to wait. Unless you're a really early bird. Then try their breakfast. yum.
Xiao long bao, bitch!This is legit as it can get. Salute to Eddie Huang for putting me on this spot. We trekked all the way from the city for this on our last vacation and it did not disappoint.Make sure to walk around and look for the carts with beef tongue and other bomb ass skewers.I am reminded of Jin's infamous 106 & Park Freestyle Friday battle when dining here. One of the realest ever, son was straight cold with the bars "had my eggrolls and my dumplings in her mouth!"
I don't see the hype surrounding Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao... Don't get me wrong. Their food is good. The one time I came here with my parents, we ordered the usual.. Crab meat soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. For me, if a Chinese restaurant wants to impress me, make good scallion pancakes. If you can't even get this BASIC Chinese staple correct, you've got NO chance. On that note, Nan Xiang did not disappoint. Their scallion pancakes are pretty good. But my parents and I, weren't so impressed with the soup dumplings. Taste and quantity-wise, we'd prefer Joe's Shanghai. I'd rather pay $7.95 for 8 delicious soup dumplings, than what they offer you at Nan Xiang. And overall, I prefer the menu at Joe's Shanghai.
I love this place. I usually get the pork dumplings and the scallion pancakes with beef. If you get there early enough, definitely try the soy milk. great place for cheap eats in Flushing.
Better than the soup dumplings in mainland, China imo. Be prepared to wait in line if you come during a busy time.
L-o-v-e Plump full bodied soup dumplings!!! These Xiao long baos are not shrivelled or mushy at all. An order comes with six mouth watering delicious hot dumplings. These dumplings are much bigger than the ones I've tried because they are filled with so much soup( Great thing) !! The skin is thicker than I prefer but it holds in the soup so well and still remains delicate as a Xiao long Bao should. We ordered both the crab XLB and pork XLB. Both were delicious but if I were to come alone and could only handle 1 order I'd say go for the crab XLB. Other than their XLB, Nan xiang looks like they also have a lot of other items that are worth ordering at ridiculously low prices. We ordered the jelly fish dish out of the cold items list and it did not disappoint. Their soy milk is also something that you must try.Overall, absolutely delicious! Home run! So good that I can disregard their C grade from the health department! There is absolutely nothing that will stop me from seeking out these little dumplings every time that I'm in town.
soup dumplings is what you get there, yes small place - could get crowded- The best kept secret in flushing- worth the trip- great prices
I'm late to post my review on this gem of place in my hometown of Flushing. I have not returned home in 7 years and had list of restaurants I wanted to visit but after seeing the Fung Bros Flushing food crawl, I knew I needed to eat here first. When you arrive you will be greeted by the groups of people waiting inside and outside to be seated. Do not get in line you need to go inside and get a number. I waited about 25 min but it was well worth the wait. Once inside it's very busy and you are immediately engulfed by the wonderful aromas and watching the waitresses brings towers of dim sum to the table near by.  You are given hot tea with a small dish of ginger, I thought it was for my tea but it really it's for the soy sauce regardless the tea was good. I ordered xiao long bao which is pork soup dumplings, pan fried udon noodles and pan fried dumplings.  The soup dumplings was everything I expected it to be, a hot soupy pork filled dumpling of deliciousness! I literally was in heaven! The udon noodles were delicious as well they had the right amount of sauce on it as was flavorful but the Pam fried dumplings were standard as any Chinese take out restaurant. I had no complaints about any of my dishes.If you happen to be in Flushing this is a must try, you won't regret it. I want to go back home just so I can go eat here again!
Was a regular customer here for more than 6 years and just had the shitest customer service here, again. The receptionist With a million false lashes had no manner and even though the food was great and the price is reasonable I'd not give it another dine in experience. we stood in front of her waiting to be served but instead of turning back to look at us she continued chatting with others for two straight minutes. Because my mom knew she was plain on ignoring us and told her we had 4 she said one word, "inside". There's two sides and so it wasn't immediately clear where exactly we had to go so she rolled her fake looking Barbie eyes to the left and repeated "inside" 3 more times, each time louder than the previous. I mean, come on, can't we hire some well mannered and educated receptionist?
What the restaurant lacked for in ambiance, they made up in flavor. Prices were extremely cheap, and portions were large. I would reccomend the spicy wontons or the crunchy seafood noodles. Would highly reccomend and go again.
The soup dumplings are the bomb! So delicious! But The cups in which they serve the tea always look a little gross   I think it's time for them to Order new ones.
Great soup dumplings! Among the best we've had.Love that Xiao Long Bao is in the name of the place!
So overrated. Rainy weekday evening no line so we decided to stop in for dinner. Haven't been in years because I always felt it was dirty here. The tables weren't greasy this time, but the food certainly isn't worth waiting on line for.
The greatest soup dumplings in NYC!  Better than Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown by a mile.    Now they even expanded into a new extension so the wait is a lot shorter.   Highly recommended and try all of their other dishes too!
Good dumpling place. I saw super high rate on yelp hoping for some amazing 小籠包It was good but not the kind I like. Maybe it's just a different style. Restaurant was rather dirty. Just like typical Chinese restaurant. It wasn't busy but the service was very slow:(
The food is spot on. The service isn't (as expected from any typical restaurant in Flushing). Quite rude staff, but the orders come quick and precise.
One of my favorite places to get soup dumplings! They have really good stir fried rice cakes with pork, scallion pancakes with beef and cold soybean milk! There is always a line, but the food is worth it.
Bye Joe Shanghai !! Found my new favorite Soup Dumpling spot!I was surprised at how nice the employees were especially since Asian restaurants are notorious for terrible customer service :P Aside from the pork soup dumplings (I ate 3 to myself noms) you MUST order the garlic cucumbers, Beef wrapped pancakes, and Shu Mai :) the Shu Mai reminded me of the Dim Sum dish (Lo Mai Gai) with sticky rice wrapped in a Lotus leaf YUM! I wish Flushing wasn't so far from the city bc Flushing food is so much better!!!
There is a good selection of authentic Chinese food here.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the soup dumplings are the main attraction here.  The scallion pancakes are also quite good: not too greasy but also not too chewy as some other places'.We went late at night and were seated instantly.  Have not been here during peak hours but I hear there is always a long wait.  Be warned that this establishment, like many others in the area, is cash only.
Decent Shanghai restaurant. We ordered a variety of small appetizers to share.Pork Xiaolongbao - Not sure if it's the absolute best, but one of the better ones. Skin was a bit thicker but dumplings were full of soup.Spicy Bamboo Shoots - Could have been a little more spicy.Spicy Beef and Tripe - Well flavored and spiciness was just the right amount.Shanghai Fried Udon - Noodles were a bit hard, but flavor was great. Was a little bit oily, but not as oily as other places I tried.Glutinous Rice Shao Mai - Never had shaomai with glutinous rice before, but I would love to eat this again.Clean restaurant and staff always kept our tea cups filled.
Totally disappointed with the *Xiao Long Bao* here but enjoyed everything else we ordered... Can't win all the time, can we?Let's start off with the under par classic and most popular dish...#failures1.  Steamed Pork Buns - SIGH!2.  Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns - SIGH SIGH!!The extra large Xiao Long Bao kept breaking on us!!!  Soft, thin-layered skin - somewhat soggy on the bottom!  Wth... The skin was too soft and sooooo thin that most of the xiao long baos easily popped with the soup leaked and spilled all over the place.  So SAD!!!  We were all being extra careful while picking the XL xiao long bao out of the steamer but nothing worked!!!  There was just too much soup inside!!!  If only they made the xiao long bao smaller than maybe it would've held it together properly like the way it should.  The soup was more on the greasy and salty side.  The meat was just ok.  Honestly, I didn't find this dish to be outstanding as per other Yelpers.  We didn't feel like eating it after awhile.  Unfortunately, my high/overhyped expectations backfired.  Whyyyyyyyyyyyyy? *poutNow, all of the other dishes we ordered were much better...#winners3.  Scallion Pancake - Order it... order IT.. ORDER it!  Fluffy and crispy at the same time.  Filled with flavor.  Not greasy.  Fried perfectly.  THE BEST I've had so far!4.  Iced Soy Bean Milk - Sweet goodness!Found it strange when the waitress asked my friend, "do you want iced or cold"?  errr, thought it meant the same thing?  LOLs5.  Pan Fried Dumplings - YUM!  Outer layer fried just right.  Tender meat.  6 pcs were not enough!!!6.  Rice Cake with shredded porkSmall pieces.  Easy to chew.  Loved it.  7.  Shanghai Pan Fried U-DonFood came out fast.  Fast service.Last note - Maybe we'll come back and give their Xiao Long Bao another try or maybe we'll just stick with KUNG FU XIAO LONG BAO since our first experience was so much better over there.
The soup dumplings are amazing! Cheap and yummy for any group. I also really love the scallion pancakes. The beef scallion pancakes aren't my cup of tea, but my family loves it. I've been here quite a few times, but the reason why I took off a start was because of service. Previous times they had staff members check on your table for tea or water, but yesterday the scallion pancakes came out before giving tea or water to the table.
This shit is the SHIT! YUMsomeone needa bring this shit to Cali cuz DIn Tai Fung aint got shit on this.
Been here a few times and always order their soup dumplings and spicy beef and tripe. Really like it! Just don't bother getting their crab soup dumplings.
I love Nan Xiang and am always willing to make a hike from Astoria to get my fix of soup dumplings for such an affordable price. The pork soup dumplings and scallion pancake is a must! All of the soups, noodle and rice cake dishes are definitely worth a try as well.
The food is good but not as good as Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. We tried several dishes, Shanghai-fried Seafood noodles, crab meat soup dumplings etc.
Food is pretty good dont get me wrong. But the shitty, service, and slow times. Not worth it. Other places have soup dumplings that are as good.
Best xiao long bao place in Flushing hands down! They have a simple and authentic menu that is very reasonably priced. That's why there's a line at this place at all hours of the day! And worth the wait every time. I love the soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes with beef inside!
Best soup dumpling spot in queens. There's usually a line here but it goes pretty quick. Usually get the original and seafood mixed. Don't forget to use the sauce. The noodle here is great too, in case you aren't full from the dumpling.
I have been craving everything we ate since I came here.I don't ever order Chinese as I don't ever crave it...until now. OmgThe soup dumplings were the best I've ever had. Best scallion pancake I've ever had! Love love loveeeeeed it!!
Probably the best soup dumpling spot in flushing/ queens. The place gets pretty crowded but the wait is never too long. Service could be better but the food makes up for it. Scallion pancake with beef is a must! Also, crispy dough and soy milk is bombdotcom if you're looking to get some chinese breakfast. Overall, food is good. Come here if youre ever in flushing.
Just simply wow. I was really a non-believer three or four years ago in 010'/11' when I came. At the time, the soup dumplings were really small with barely any soup. But now they seriously keep stepping up their game! They've officially gained my last star.Nan Xiang always had the better food as Joe's Shanghai's food well... just sucks. I recommend getting these at Nan Xiang's:Beef Scallion pancake- so perfect and delectable. The outside skin has a perfect flaky crispy skin, then when you bite into it the pancake is soo soft with delicious beef fillings and the sweet sauce to cut the scallion and salty grease taste.Spicy beef & tripes- I can't handle a tad of spice at all it but I LOVE this dish. The hot spicy oil flavor is soo great that it's worth me crying and burning my tongue over. Also the beef cuts are my usual fave that I get at shanghai cuisines and at home (beef shank) And though I hate eating tripe due to my list of certain food phobia... But just yesterday my bf convinced me somehow to try it and he's right. You can't really tell or taste it's tripe. It's softer and tender than other tripes and just not creepy and icky.The xiao long baos(soup dumplings) here are much soupier than Joe's and they've even stepped up their crab meat too... But Joe's still has more crab meat and crab taste in theirs. Also Nan Xiang has a better put together skin, it's firm but delicate at the same time plus their skins not too thick. I also give props to them for being consistent! This place overall hits the spot for sure.
A lot of great reviews here, but even still, I wasn't impressed with the xiao lung biao. They were good with a very delicate skin and a good amount of soup in both pork and crab, but I think the ones at several other places are still better (Joe's, Shanghai Heping, Joe's Ginger).  What bothered me was that those other places, for about the same price (+/- $0.50), you get 8 XLB's vs NX's 6 per order.We also tried the rice cakes w/ seafood and was mediocre.  The scallion pancake w/beef was tasty, but we should have ordered another.  The pan fried pork buns were good, but again only 6 per order.  After all this we were still hungry, so we ordered Shanghai Fried Udon and Pork & Salted Cabbage Noodle Soup.  The udon was cooked with way too much soy sauce and not enough ingredients and the noodle soup was just meh with not a lot of ingredients either.Nan Xiang is more of a Shanghai snack bar (mainly breakfast & lunch) because their menu is not full fledged, lacking in any dishes you would serve for dinner.  What Chinese restaurant doesn't have rice dishes (fried or otherwise)?  Even so, with all that we ate, the bill was just under $50 for 4, so it was still bargain eats.
Delicious soup dumplings - the broth was so flavorful and the pork so tasty. We also got the udo noodles which were very good as well. A hidden gem!
This place is as good as described by my fellow Yelpers. The pork and crab dumplings were delicious, as was everything else. Alice our server was so nice and helpful. Don't miss out.
Honestly, I often live by "If you can't say something nice, don't say nothing at all" - Thumper. There is a need for people to know what they might encounter going here. First, let's talk about service. We sat at the front of the room on the left side of the restaurant. We were a group of 5, not big nor small. You would imagine that it is unlikely that they would miss us right? Took a few minute to decide on what we want. No one came to greet us, or give us water. That is fine. After we all have decided what we want, we noticed the server took orders from 2 tables that sat down after us. After a few more minutes, we cannot wait any longer for anyone to come take our order, so we waved/called over a busboy, and requested him to please get our server here, so we can order. Server came shortly after, and took our order. By the time the first appetizer came, water has arrived as well. It has been at least 20 minutes since we sat down. Ordered 2 of the same appetizer, one came in the beginning, and the other one at the end. I have always been a fan of xiao long bao, and quite frankly I do not know how they are Michelin Recommended for so many years. Seeing that many recommendation, I had high expectations walking into this restaurant. I was not impress/surprise by their xiao long bao at all. I have had better at Shanghai Cafe Deluxe on Mott Street. I can say that the rice cake with shredded pork and mustard plant was really good though!
I've been coming here for almost eight years now and it has always been my favorite spot in Flushing. Back then this was a homey restaurant, now it is another tourist attraction in Queens.The past few five times I've been here, the soup dumpling has been bland and tasteless. The crispy noodle is literally DRENCHED with sauce and lettuce but barely any meat.If you disagree with what I am saying, it's probably because you haven't tried the soup dumplings here 5 years ago.Despite its dip in quality, this place is still one of the better soup dumpling place in NY, but it's time for me to explore better options.
3.5 starsMy favorite place in NYC to get soup dumplings. They expanded the restaurant several months ago so the wait isn't as ridiculous as it used to be. However, fair warning: I saw there was a C health rating when I went to eat on Christmas (says the woman who answered my call, "open 365 days"). And that is why I am taking off 1.5 stars :(If you can get past that (I really REALLY hope that grade improves), their soup dumplings or "xiaolongbao" are pretty darn good. The skin is thinner than Joe's Shanghai and not as sticky, and with careful maneuvering should not break on you. As a general rule, I always stick with pork, nothing with seafood, because I find seafood xiaolongbao always tastes fishy -- and that's not delicious.I also order the scallion pancake with beef, some warm soy milk (and for breakfast, fried dough for dunking), and some cold dishes like "kao fu" (marinated tofu and mushrooms) and cucumbers. The stir fried noodles are standard and good for sharing, I like lao mein with chicken.Overall, this place has solid and reliably good Shanghainese food. Just get that grade improved and I would love to travel all the way to Flushing on a weekly basis.
Heard about how good the soup dumplings are so we went there today around 6pm to have dinner. Restaurant wasn't crowded when we went in and they sat the 4 of us again the front window of the restaurant. Waiter was most unpleasant when taking our orders. Pretended not to speak English or Cantonese, only Mandarin. We placed order for 3 noddles and 2 orders of soup dumplings.  Place started filling up, which meant all these people waiting for table is now standing between us and all the wait staff who stay in the back of the restaurant.  No one comes to refill our tea or see how we are doing for 20-30 minutes until the noodles dishes came out.  No soup dumplings, ask the waiter, he's mute.  But we can hear him calling out #s in English in a really loud voice.  Another waitress came by and we asked about our soup dumplings and order another noodle dish.  No response on the soup dumplings.  After another 15 minutes and she said it's coming.  When we are all done with all the noodle dishes, still no soup dumplings.  My husband finally walked up to the register and corner the wait staff and she brought over a single order of soup dumpling. I asked what happened to my 2nd order, she again said it's coming. In the meantime, the table next to us who sat down 30-40 minutes after us got their soup dumpling and finished eating and ready to pay, the waitress came back saying our 2nd order is 3 minutes away.  I was ready to slap her, but I was calm and said no thank you, just give me the check.  We paid the $36.04 bill exactly with 1 twenty, 1 ten, 1 five, 10 dimes and 4 pennies. I wrote on the check that service is horrible, incorrect ordering and will follow up with yelp review stating as such. The waiter avoided us and a different waitress picked up the bill with the notes and made a face. Since the restaurant is busy, I don't think they care one bit whether we complained or not.  We will never go back to the place even through the food is decent but we definitely had much better soup dumplings else where.  Definitely not worth the good reviews that people had given them.  One thing we noticed is that if you are not Asian, they treat you nicer, talk about reverse discrimination.
These soup dumplings rank among the best I've ever had in the world, including places in Hong Kong. The dumplings are just full of savory, tasty soup. When I try to eat the xiao long bao here in one bite, there's just an explosion of soup in my mouth and it's one of the greatest feelings. The beef scallion pancake is super fresh, and the sauce inside the pancake is incredible. Everything here is made fresh daily, and it's definitely the #1 go to dumpling place for anyone living in the Midwest or East Coast.
This place ranks very high on yelp, but to be honest, the taste of xiaolongbao here is just average. I would recommend "kongfu xiaolongbao" over this place. Plus, this place does not take cards
Mm..good, cheap food exists in NYC and it's a pretty tasty xiaolongbao to boot! I came here with a group of people and ordered three or four orders of both the seafood and pork soup dumplings which were piping hot-I had the mouth burns to prove it,delicate and tasty. We also got the donuts with the rice congee. It was like an unsweetened churro with a condensed milk/rice bath it most richly deserved. A good way to end a meal, kind of weird to have it in the middle of it.The beef scallion pancake was all right, just an okay piece of fried dough wrapped in a couple of thin slices of beef. goodness The beef noodle soup had more beef flavor and for me, was gone in seconds. There were 7 of us and it came out to 9 bucks a person, including tip. I didn't think a price like that for being so full in New York still existed!
Party of two on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend calls for a change of taste from the usual Dim Sum/Yum Cha realm.We indulged with three platters:* Rice Cake with shredded chicken at $6.95 which was okay but entirely swimming with oil and grease.  A Shanghaiese favorite as I've experienced better while in Shanghai's The Bund.* Vegetable noodle soup at $4.95 broth was entirely too salty but the noodles alone were very good.  Personally, I love noodles and in a soup form.* Shanghaiese steamed soup pork dumplings (Xiao3 Long2 Bao1) at $5.50 which were extremely good yet served in scaling high heat temperature that burnt my mouth.  The dumplings were very juicy for a classic Shanghaiese staple: soup + dumplings = Chinese comfort food!Patrons wait for a table outside of the door as there is no proper waiting area.  Corridor entrance is very narrow and small.  Service is prompt for small parties of two but a long wait for larger parties.  I do not recommend parties above five as seating is not equipped in this small restaurant setting.  Menus along with Chinese Green Tea are already waiting for patrons at the table upon our seating.  For three platters it foots the bill very reasonable under $20.00 including tax.  Facilities are small for unisex as the kitchen is direct opposite where the strong stench of soy sauce floats above.  Staff are fluent in both English and Mandarin.  Yes, a takeout menu and business cards are readily available which is now added to my ever increasing collection.  Outside by the entrance is a small garden complete with a water windmill surrounded by man made rocks.
I've got to say that I'm a pretty big fan of this place. The food is spot on when it comes to authenticity with their mainland counterpart with less than stellar service to match.The food will be on the greasier side so make sure to either bring in your own tea or drink the hot green tea they give you. Don't order (ice) water.The dishes are small and are for 2-3 people to get a taste of it so if you've never ordered Hong Kong dimsum style, this is similar in that you'll end up ordering at least 4-5 dishes per person.Also, seating is limited in that it's always crowded and when you do get there and after you've waited for seats, you'll be seated practically next to your neighbors so don't plan on having highly sensitive conversations here unless you're a terrible spy or an idiot government official.Parking is what you'd expect, very limited, timed, metered, and rare. Plan on parking in the structure a few blocks down and walking to the restaurant.Parking: Very limited metered street parkingPrice: $10+ per personWait: 10-20 mins to be seated
Friendly staff.  Food was delicious and piping hot so this is definitely a place to visit for the winter.  We arrived for a late lunch around 1pm and they were packed.  Didn't take too long to have us seated.  I've been here a few times but my friend hasn't.  We ordered the soup dumpling ( both regular and crab meat ) the regular was as good as I had remembered but the crab meat wasn't so memorable,  it seemed to lack a certain kick to it.  The spicy wonton with peanut sauce and spicy sauce was delicious as usual.  And the rice cake with pork was the icing to the cake.  Our waitress had a great attitude and smiled a lot so for a Chinese restaurant that was a breath of fresh air making my friends experience better.  Happy to have recommended a place he enjoyed and he will be returning to try other items on the menu.
Don't get discouraged by the crowd... eventually they will call your number.  First couple of times at this restaurant, it is so overwhelming as you're waiting in a small space nearly hovering over the people who are enjoying their dumplings - but luckily so speedy service, the turn around is usually quite quick.There are so many places where you can get xiao long bao these days but I gotta admit this place is really damn good.  I went back to Joe Shanghai's and in comparison not nearly as good there any more.  For 2 people, we ordered the crab and pork dumpling, scallion pancake with beef and the crispy noodles with shredded chicken.  So content with everything - leaving only with the need for a long walk.  Remember to bring cash with you!
This place has been at a steady decline. I've been coming to this restaurant for years and used to come back because the food is a solid 4 stars despite service being 1-2. Now what has changed? Since their renovations and Michelin recs have lead to lines out the door, food quality has been atrocious. Xiao long baos are still decent but they have been cutting corners everywhere else. Their Shanghainese noodles are about half their original size. The jelly fish with turnip is now 90% turnip when it used to be 50/50. We were there today at 10am and they told us they didn't have spicy beef tripe nor turnip cakes. How is that possible? Especially the spicy beef tripe which is a staple cold dish.
The food is was good several years ago but area is getting more competitive therefore its becoming normal Xiao Long Bao,, the fried dumplings are better...
This place is incredible! My girlfriend and I come here whenever we crave pork soup dumplings and udon noodles. I have also tried the scallion pancake with beef. All three dishes are fantastic. I have tried the crab and pork soup dumplings but I prefer the pork ones. The udon noodle is incredible. Try and go outside of lunch and dinner hours and there won't be much wait, if any. Great food! Quick Service! and Amazing prices!
Excellent soup dumplings and shen jian bao. I also love the cold appetizers, including the beef tendon and beef and tripe dish. There isn't much to say, except that this is the best xlb in the five boroughs (even beating my beloved Shanghai Cafe Deluxe in Manhattan Chinatown). Now that I live 20 minutes from Flushing by 7 train, you'll find me here more often. Save some xlb for me!
I consider Nan Xiang to be one of the best places to get Xiao Long Bao (XLBs) outside of China itself. We come here on a regular basis whenever we're in FlushingThe scallion pancakes are some of the best I've had. That side, it's sometimes on the oily side, so might not be the best healthy option, but chances are if you're ordering it (or the beef variant) the health value of the meal is not your main concern hahaAnd of course, the namesake XLBs are must haves. There's the option to get Baos with shrimp fillings, but I still think the regular ones are the best
Everything is on average. Food and price is OK. The appetizer is not good at all. Really crowded and need to wait a long time to get the food.
Decent Food and Crappy Service Had brunch here and enjoyed the following dishes:-Beef scallion pancake -Beef noodle soup-Pork soup dumplings -Pork and crab soup dumplingsThe dishes were decent but could have better. I think a better quality of beef would have done the trick.The servers are not friendly and rush to get people in and out, but this is no surprise for a dumpling house. CASH ONLY of course, this is Flushing, hellooooo.
There's a reason why this place was named the best soup dumplings restaurant in NYC. It was delicious!! Ordered pork and crab dumplings, scallion pancakes and a cucumber dish with garlic. All amazing and so fulfilling!I would definitely be visiting more if it wasn't so the way in Flushing. But if you're in the area, this is a MUST!
They are famous for their xiao long bao, aka soup dumplings. After trying them several times, both pork and the ones with crab, I must say that Nan Xiang Dumpling House has done a good job but not a fine one. The xiao long bao's skin are delicate, the right thickness, a bit chewy. The "soup/stock" inside is aplenty but nothing to write about. The fat ratio is a bit too high, leaving a very greasy after taste that not even the dip sauce (black vinegar+ginger) can cut through. While their noodle dishes are about average (too much starch and not enough of quality ingredients), I would suggest you try breakfast items like salty soy milk, fried dough curls and scallion pancakes. Their scallion pancakes and the scallion pancake with sliced beef are decent renditions, however, I don't recommend take outs on these as being in a container will soften the pancakes. It is preferable to consume them crispy. Their soups have surprised me. They add more than the bare minimum to the stocks, such as shrimp skin and chopped scallions. This reminds me of my mother's cooking. My beef with Nan Xiang is that their food in general are too oily. I wrap up my meals there when I feel too greased up, not because I'm full.
Awesome soup dumplings   everything else is just as good. Place is small and get crowded really fast service is also good
Dare I say best soup dumplings in NYC? Definitely better than Joe Shanghai. Get the crab with pork instead of just the pork for $1 more. The scallion pancake with beef is pretty tasty as well if you are looking at a second option.
Excellent place and I would recommend this to anyone.  The menu is elaborate and the staff is amazing.  Although is it it is not a kosher place their bottles of water or Poland Spring or the sunny are good and their bathrooms are always clean. Since I'm always on the road giving driving lessons they let me use their bathroom without a problem and are always very polite
I've been coming here for a while now and it is still my favorite soup dumpling place in the nyc area. Compared to the very popular Joe Shanghai, I still prefer this place. It is homey and expanded in recent years to accommodate more people. A regular order of 6 dumplings runs at $5.95 per order. I like to pair it with the shanghai udon noodles. It's definitely a place where you come and eat family style. If you haven't been here yet, you must come. You will not be disappointed. They're open til 1:30am on weekends and parking at the small municipal is free after 10pm; the parking lot is across the street.
The food was good and cheap we ordered the dumplings but it took a long time to come out. The place is really busy it was a line out the door when we went. We also tried their soup which had a really good flavor good stuff.
Got this dumplings towards the end of a gluttonous tour of Asian food in the area and geez were they good!I'm not ready to say if I prefer these to the other soup dumplings I had a few days ago in Manhattan's Chinatown but these were simply amazing. Even at 3pm in the afternoon there was a 20m wait for a table, however.These were well wroth the wait, you won't regret it. The "C" restaurant inspection grade sitting in the window lets you know that the food must taste really great.
When in Flushing I must eat Chinese food but really do I have any other options? No. I had this place bookmarked and can't remember how I found it. Glad I did and seized the opportunity to take a ride to Flushing last night with my dad and his best friend. Decor is nothing to talking about here but the place was very, very clean. There are three rooms you can be sat in and all table service. It was very crowded but I understand why and we had to hold a ticket and wait no more than 5-10 minutes. They gave us complementary tea that was sweet and our waitress was always there to refill. We ordered three things and I think everything on the menu was under $10. Such a great deal. I had the salted pork and cabbage soup with noodles ($5.95). It was delicious I shared with the table. I couldn't finish the entire thing alone. The salt wasn't overpowering. My dad had the vegetable dumplings- he thought it tasted like "a great egg roll stuffing." I passed.. I was all about the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings came in a portion of 6. They were scorching hot, moist and the dumplings stayed together. The broth was succulent and fatty delicious. My type of comfort food on a freezing night. The entire meal was under $25.
The soup dumplings were pretty good but not mindblowingly so. Go for the regular - the crab meat ones have a slightly odd taste to it. Would not recommend the spicy Sichuanese wontons (the ones drenched in chili sauce). They also have a good offering of cold side dishes like bean curd and seaweed. Service was suspect - the person that took our order simply listened without jotting anything down on a notepad. Of course, we had to remind them of one of the dishes we orderd after everything else had arrived. I don't think this is the norm at this place and that person didn't look like a server (was not wearing a uniform) but was from the kitchen apparently... still, if you're going to take orders, do it like you mean it.
I'd come back again and again forever. Just for their crab soup dumplings. Seriously, I delight in my trips here. Everything else is good (beef pancake, fried pork buns, regular pork soup dumplings), but not grrrrreat. Overall, 4.5 stars.
The dim sum menu lacked many of favorite dishes. All of the dumplings were either pork or veggie. No chicken, beef, or shrimp. The steamed bun selection was minimal. No red bean buns. The sticky rice came in plastic wrap instead of wrapped in a leaf.The food we got was good, but the selection was not.
Yes, the soup dumplings here really are fantastic and it's ridiculously cheapBut the service is gasp worthy brusqueIt's totally a no frills joint, but be prepared to have your guard up bc they will yell at you! There was an error on the check and we got chastised for an item we didn't even receive! It's *almost* comical, but not really
It's really shocking for me to give this place a bad review. I love dumplings, usually any dumpling and this place Is probably the most highly rated dumpling house in nyc. I'm just not a fan.Nothing here, maybe except the scallion pancake with beef is worth returning for in my opinion.I'm by no means a soup dumpling expert but I just didn't enjoy these compared to the ones from joe shanghai or even lesser known dumpling houses. The skins were indeed thin and expertly made but the flavors were just off. Another aspect of why I didn't love the experience here was probably because I felt terrible afterwards. Do not get the shanghai noodle dish. It was probably the greasiest dish I've ever had anywhere. Yes, I fully understand that most of these dishes are meant to be greasy and I shouldn't be complaining but it was really just over the top and had little to no flavor. By the end of the meal I was desperately searching your more water ( that never came) and any vegetable possible.The one thing I did really enjoy was the scallion pancake with beef. Very unique and tasty but even that was very greasy and I probably couldn't handle eating more than 1/3 of it without feeling a bit gross.I know people love this place but I just can't. Mock me now if you must.
OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE. We came on a friday night, and it was packed. Surprisingly, it only took about 15 min to sit my party of 3, even though there was a ton of people waiting.This was my third time having soup dumplings ever and they were by far the best ones I've had. We ordered copious amounts of the pork buns and the crab meat buns. The soup dumplings did not break and they were so good! I preferred the pork ones, but the crab ones were good too. In addition to that we ordered the beef scallion pancakes, regular scallion pancakes, pan fried dumplings, steamed dumplings, Shaobing and fried udon noodles. Everything was great! There was not one bad thing that we ate. Overall it was pretty darn good, and so cheap! I can't wait to come back again!
Place has gone down a lot for the passed couple of year. The only thing that's somewhat good is their pork soup dumplings. The shanghai noodle is way too oily and the veggie came with it is not well washed sometime. Service is what you expect from a typical Chinese restaurant, not there.
I been this place for so many times. The taste of food is good.  Also the place nearby 7 train at Main Street, which is a plus.  But the service is kind of bad, they don't really care of you as a customer.  And Cash only is kind of inconvenience for customers.
This was the fastest service we've received, probably in our entire lives.Came here after spa castle on a snowy Saturday night and it was packed but there's always an empty table somewhere. We ordered the beef scallion pancake sort of thing, the soup dumplings (called buns on the menu) and the pan fried udon noodles. The scallion pancake thing was awesome and hit all the spots after a couple of drinks. The soup dumplings, however, were a little bland. The broth was boring but the meat tastes more like actual meat than I've had in other dumplings. The fried udon noodles were delicious, even after some of them went home and were reheated. Great place to go if you're looking to be seated fast and eat quickly, but I think there's better food in the area.
Can't say enough how great this place is. Always wanted to try it and glad I made the leap. Definitely one of the best places around.The food was great and a few of my friends frequent the place and none of us ever had a bad experience. The service was slow but really friendly. It gets pretty busy so its understandable. Maybe I'll drop in when its a bit slow to get a feel for it.
Wonderful soup dumplings (crab and pork). Beef scallion pancakes are out of this world.
Cash only. Must try the dumplings, delish! Great place to order a bunch of appetizers and share with your group. Great price for a meal for 4 - about $60.
As a West Coast Asian-American, I've always wanted to spend some time exploring Flushing, but have never really gotten the chance on my always too short visits to New York. I finally made the trek up the 7 on a rainy morning, for a visit to a Korean radio station. I had lunch plans afterward, but refused to leave the neighborhood without making at least one attempt to eat something delicious. I got on Yelp and found Nan Xiang Dumpling House, within walking distance of both the radio station and the train. It was exactly what I was looking for.I walked in at around ten o'clock on a Thursday morning, and the place wasn't full, but it was definitely already busy. I got a table near the entrance, so I didn't see the rest of the restaurant, but I had the sense that it was big--I figured it had to be, as what I saw of the staff indicated a pretty large-scale operation. I was eating alone, and figured this was the kind of place with little ceremony and high turnover, where I could be in and out in ten minutes if I chose. My snack took a little longer than that. Service was fine--I got my order taken quickly, and my server was polite--but the dumplings took longer to come out than expected.They were worth the wait. I got an order of the xiaolongbao, which came with six piping hot soup dumplings. They were delicious, with thin skins and a meaty filling of pork enveloped in savory, velvety, fragrant soup. I'm sure I looked like a fool eating them. I feel like I relearn how to eat xiaolongbao every time I order them, then forget all those lessons by the next time. I'm always over-cautious on dumpling #1, then burn my tongue on #2, then spill all the soup on #3, etc. etc. until #6, when I finally eat without embarrassing myself. (My two main techniques, for the record, are 1) puncturing the skin, putting a little soy sauce/vinegar sauce inside, then blowing vigorously over the hole and 2) waiting long enough that the dumpling can be eaten in a single warm bite, molten juice and all. And yet I am rarely able to execute either of these smoothly for more than one or two dumplings per order.) But ineptitude aside, these dumplings were splendid, well worth a moderate amount of shame and physical pain.I want to spend more time in Flushing on future trips to New York, and will keep Nan Xiang in mind next time I visit. An order of xiaolongbao is a light breakfast or midday snack, and I'll squeeze one in whenever I can.
Food is good, but the service def needs some work. The hostess will ignore you to stay on her cellphone , even if you say excuse me multiple times. The servers are a mixedbag. You get some that are super attentive and some that you wave down. Overall their food is worth the wait, but if you're looking for a quick bite I wouldn't recommend it since you're never sure what you're gonna get with wait time.
I love the pork buns here...the only thing I dislike was the fact that they only take cash
Wow! Amazing experience. We arrived at 11am on a Saturday and had to wait 5 minutes, not bad. Once we were seated, tea was poured immediately and we placed our order. Food came out really quickly and everything was insanely good. The highlights of the meal:- pork buns: best pork bun I've ever had. My two little kids also loved them. - soup dumplings: amazing. World's most perfect food. - scallion pancake with beef: most surprising item of the lunch. Crispy, tender, and it had lots of yummy hoisin sauce in it. We had many other amazing dishes, those are only the highlights. By far, the best dumplings I've had in NYC. Better than all the ones I've had in San Francisco too.
The dumplings here are really good and deserves the hype. The prices are reasonable and the service is fast. However, outside of the dumplings, the food leaves a lot to be desired. We had rice cakes with pork and preserved vegetables. That plate was pretty plain. We also had jellyfish with turnips and all we got was a plate of turnips with a few jellyfish as garnish. If you plan on coming to Nan Xiang, I would recommend just sticking to the dumplings which is definitely what they do best.
Service: 1/5 but that's how it is in almost every authentic Chinese place:) Pork xiao long bao: 4.5/5 Really juicy but kinda doughyPan Fried dumplings: 3/5Good but sooo doughyyy Shanghai fried noodles: 2.5/5 on the dry side. Wish there was more meat Soy milk & crispy dough: 1/5 meh. Meeeh.
My family has been coming to this place when they had just one dining room which is now 3 dining areas. The soup dumplings are great and they are always crowded so make sure give yourself extra time.
Yummy in my tummy soup dumplings! This place is probably one of the better soup dumpling places on Flushing! I prefer this place over Joe's Shanghai (as their food is a little more americanized! Stick with the authentic kind!I usually just order the crab meat soup dumpling, noodles, soy bean milk, and cucumbers with garlic!
It was 'aight but I think there are better soup dumplings to be had in Flushing, and definitely in the world. The broth is very good but you don't end up with that sticky feeling on your lips that comes from tons of gelatin the broth that incredible unctuous feeling. The skins are good and have a great chew to them; could be thinner.The fuqi feipian (beef and tripe in spicy sauce) is excellent and very flavorful. The scallion pancakes with beef was disappointing -- the pancakes are greasy and slightly cold, the beef is dry.Decent but definitely not worth the hype and better to be had in the area.
Legit Shanghainese soup dumplings! With over 6 years on Michelin's food recommended guide and  1800+ reviews on yelp, this place has got to be good and it certainly was. Very good food with the prices to match. Was not disappointed. Was very surprised to find out they have soy milk here as well. I myself loveee soymilk so I'm glad they have that here. Yum
HOW CAN A PLACE BE SO GOOD AND SO CHEAP AND SO FAST?The sliced beef pancakes and pork soup dumplings may be two of the best things I have ever eaten in life. Ever. I want to come back and eat everything on the menu. Will probably only cost $40. GO HERE NOW!
The pork soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes. Nothing more to say.
Wonderful xiao long Bao for the cold weather. CASH ONLY is the preferred method of payment in the Flushing area. I enjoy the crab meat and pork xiao long Bao. The pork chop is tender and delicious. The dish is perfect size for individual or small group.The scallion pancake is superb and crispy unlike any others I have tried before.
Their spicy beef noodle soup is good. Udon noodles are OK. Steamed pork dumplings were disappointing. Maybe the pan fried dumplings are better. However, the place was crowded on a Sunday afternoon. 15 minute wait for 2 people. Other people seam to like this place, but I think I prefer schezwan food.
A spot I'm really happy to have made the effort to visit. For this diner I had to take the Number 7 train all the way from midtown out to the end of the line in Flushing. A short walk in the rain and delightful baskets of steamed sour dumplings awaited us. We had the pork and crab/pork dumplings with a side of seaweed with garlic (spicy, excellent!). We also had the spicy wontons which are served in a peanut broth with a bit of a kick. Very nice!Tried to order beers but our server honestly didn't seem to understand us. It was no bother, really, as the hot tea was sufficient. The restaurant was pretty packed at 8:45. By the time we finished it was thinning out for the evening and we received nice smiles from some of the kitchen staff upon leaving.There's just nothing like visiting this part of town, particularly if you've had your fill of Manhattan and just want to get away. Looking forward to a return visit to Nan Xiang and more baskets of dumplings filled with savory broth.
My friend was told Nan Xiang's soup buns were better than the famous Joe's Shanghai.  We decided to venture over to Flushing and give it a try. FOOD:*Steamed Pork Buns ($5.50, 6 buns) and Steamed Crabmeat Pork Buns ($6.50, 6 buns) - Good and worth a try if you're in the area.  The buns were large and full of flavor.  I do wish their soup spoons were a bit larger to match their buns because part of my soup spilled out.   In comparison to Joe's, Nan Xiang's had a better soup flavor.  However, I wasn't a big fan of the thicker skin or a stronger ginger mix to their pork mixture.*Shanghai Shao Mai ($2.95, 4 pieces) - Good, though it wasn't what I thought it was. Instead of a pork mixture wrapped inside a sui mai, sticky rice was the contents and topped off with a pea.  WHAT TO KNOW:*Cash only*The buns take 20 minutes to come out*Service is decent, they come around to refill your tea cups but they're sometimes hard to flag down*We were seated immediately on Tuesday at 1pm.  I hear there's a wait on the weekends
Our go to place for Shanghainese food.  In my opinion, Joe Shanghai's crab meat soup dumplings are better but everything else here is much more authentic than Joe Shanghai.  Great place for no thrills, fast service, real Shanghainese food.  Their Kau Fu, Salted Soy Milk and Rice Cakes are very yummy.  Sometimes their noodles can be a little peppery but overall worth it.
Amazing menu assortment, nostalgic and delicious. Better than any xiao long bao I've had before. This is my go to place every time I'm in New York, I have and always will beg my friends to spend some time with me in Flushings to grab those freshly made dumplings and a couple bowls of fresh soy milk. Small and a bit of a unassuming place, but the best places usually are.
My favorite soup dumpling place in Flushing. Not a fan of Joe's Shanghai only because its always a crowd of tourists there now. My favorite order is : crab and pork steamed buns, chili pepper beef noodle soup, iced soy milk, beef scallion noodles.Their prices arent too bad and its a good choice for a weekend brunch or just a regular lunch. Parking gets packed in the municipal across the street but, what do you expect? its flushing.
Every time we come here we are incredibly satisfied. The food is delicious. It comes out quickly. It's inexpensive. It's awesome. The pan fried udon noodles, the steamed pork dumplings (which are soup dumplings) are TO DIE FOR. Their scallion pancakes are the best you can get. We have tried many, many places between flushing, china town and throughout the boroughs. Seriously, come here. It's so good.
Hands down the best dumplings I've ever had. I also had the shanghai pan fried udon, which was also delicious. I definitely will be coming back here. Cash only though, make sure you go to the atm.
I used Yelp help to locate this restaurant will staying in Flushing before our flight out.Yummy.The best dumplings. Everything we ordered was delicious. Our experience was superb and the service was friendly. Cash only was odd.
Yes, Yes and YES! You checked this place? You wanna eat Chinese food? REALLY good Chinese food?Come now! NOW!The line is long but if you decide to come earlier then you'll get a seat, around 11am. The week is easier to eat here, the weekend is NOT!Everything here is amazing, as many other Yelpers state. So the disappointment rate is pretty low with many people I've introduced to this place. The dumplings, soup dumplings, soy milk, fried dough, seafood crispy noodles, and noodles and more dumplings... AHHH!!!! just get it, you won't spend much because it is not so expensive and the portions are very good for more than 2 people. Enjoy and live long!
Amazing food... huge portions...great price. Be prepared to line up, which is always a good sign of a quality meal
Food: 4 out of 5Of all the soup dumplings that I've tried in Flushing, this is probably my favorite. Their pan fried pork buns are very good too. What's not so good? The pan fried shanghai noodles are too greasy and the fried dumplings are mediocre at best. Service: 3 out of 5The service is pretty much standard Chinese restaurant service. Once in a while, you might find a nice waitress/waiter, but that is a rarity in Flushing. Hostess: 1 out of 5She's always doing her nails or staring at her phone. A few times I ordered take out and waited right in front of her for my food, my food came out and she could not be bothered to tell me that it was my food and let it sit there until I asked for it. But beware, ask her too many times, she'll get annoyed and roll her eyes at you.
One of the few places I would highly recommend for soup dumplings in NYC. I especially love the soup dumplings with crabmeat. Also good are the scallion pancakes and cold Shanghai-nese cold side dishes. I usually also order a bowl the salty soybean drink if I get there early enough. Lines are to be expected when you get there... Pricing of the food is fairly good for food in Flushing and well worth the wait! Sometimes, my friends and I would startout here with a order of crabmeat souple dumplings each as pur appetizer, and moving on to another restaurant for the main meal.
Food tastes terrific but they can get very crowded with wait time. Do not arrive starved.
I don't know what the hype is all about. I got dinner here and ordered a few soup dumplings. I got the crab and the regular pork ones. Both were very fragile. The dumpling pouch kept busting and all my soup was lost with probably 2 successfully being slurped. The broth was very tasty but the the dough was a disappointment. Probably won't be coming back seeing there are so many other dumpling houses to try.
Flushing Appreciation Day, Stop 6 - The venue: Nan Xiang Dumpling HouseThe DL: I come here for one and one reason only - their soup dumplings, aka xiao long bao. While some may consider paper as China's greatest invention, I personally believe it to be the soup dumping. After all, how can one craft elegant reviews on an empty stomach? Answer: you can't. Also, this place gets hella packed, so be ready for some waiting. The must try: Crab soup dumping. Otherwise, pork soup dumpling if you're not a fan of seafood. Pro tip: place your dumping onto your soup spoon, take a bite from the top, sip the soup inside slowly, and then enjoy the meat once it's cooled down enough. The verdict: 5/5. Hands down my favorite go-to spot for soup dumplings in the Big Apple.
Best pork soup dumplings anywhere in LA or NY. They burst with goodness in your mouth, and the creaminess of the fatty pork is so delicious!The udon noodles are also spectacular, as well as the vegetable dumplings and scallion pancakes.
Came here for Xiao Long Bao and wasn't disappointed. As good as I've ever had for a good price. Got a table straight away, restaurant was half-full around 6.45pm on a Friday. Quick and friendly service and no rushing us out the door to free up the table even though place was full and people waiting when we left.
Traditional spicy hot pot!!!nice tasty! We have been here for many times! It is a good place to choose for dinner!
Tasty food at reasonable price. 80% authentic flavor as compared to china. Would go again.
I was very disappointed with tonight's dinner. My issues with them are two things: wrong order and very bad customer services.The story is as follows:We went into the store and were quickly moved to an empty table. I was very happy about that. When we were ordering steam bun, we asked for the regular ones and not the crab one due to the fact that one of our members has food allergy with carb. **NOTE: we confirmed twice with them for the regular one and not  the crab meat one.By the time we finished eating, we asked for the check and it applies we ate the crab one. Therefore we ask the lady to come over and ask her to charge us for regular one.The lady initially agree to change it but then her colleague decided to step in and said "It was just one dollar and of course you can't taste the crab meat because it was just one dollar extra."When I heard that sentence, I felt really upset because one dollar is very light weighted but a human life is very heavy. I didn't want to argue with her because she has no idea of how food is vital to human life.To those who liked this restaurant or thinking about going to this one, I will strongly ask you to not go because they don't show any respect to customers nor their decisions on choosing the food. VERY DISHONEST FOOD RESTAURANT.
*Must Try: Scallion Pancakes with Beef.*Crispy Seafood Noodles are greasy, but amazing.*Excellent soup dumplings, but be cautious of the HOT soup inside!*expect a very long wait.
My husband and I trekked out to Flushing to try out Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  There was a crazy line outside, which was good to see, as it seems as if it's a hit among the locals.  You go inside the restaurant and you tell the owner how many are in your party - he writes the number down and gives you a numbered ticket.  The line actually moves along pretty decently, which was good!  There are actually 3 sections, and we got to sit in the main area, by the windows.  The restaurant offers breakfast items, dim sum, soups, cold and hot appetizers, entrees, and beverages.  We came here for the XLBs, so we ordered the Steamed Pork Buns; I also tried out the Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce and a cup of (cold) sweet soybean milk (in which you can also request hot).  The XLBs were just okay - I thought the broth itself wasn't as flavorful and in-depth as the other places we've tried; even the meat seemed a little tad underseasoned; the outer skin is a little thicker, but I didn't mind that.  I think there are better XLBs, so it was a little disappointing!  However, I was a huge fan of their wontons!  The wontons themselves were handmade, tasted fresh, and was coated in this 'spicy' sauce that wasn't that spicy to begin with; it was creamy and had a peanut-y taste to it.  I also dipped that in soy sauce just for an extra oomph; I could have eaten 10 bowls of these :D  These alone make it worth the trek.  The cold soybean milk was refreshing, and it literally tasted like a sweetened tofu drink - so, if you love the taste of tofu with some added sugar, you can check this out.+forget about their XLBs+Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce worth the trek!+cold sweet soybean milk (refreshing)
This place was overall really good. Service was diligent and instantly gave out menus, took orders and brought out food in no time. I came here for one thing and one thing only, their famous soup dumplings and it definitely did not disappoint. If you're in the flushing area, come check this place out !
There has never been a restaurant as obviously overrated. The food was bland at best and the service was deplorable. I've never been so disrespected as a customer. It was as if the staff detested their jobs and customers. They ignored their table and getting anything from them was like  pulling a tooth. If I could I would've given them less then 0 stars.
I came here with 2 of my co-workers during lunch time and it was PACKED, no where to stand and an order of steamed dumplings to go would have been 20-30 minutes wait - we decided to pass and go to another place since we had to go back to work. Later during dinner time....My cousin and I only came here for the xiao long bao and basically just ordered 1 plate, and I must say, it is a great snack/meal to come and have. The xiao long bao was on a larger side but worth the taste. My cousin also said the noodle dishes here are good too, so I now have a reason to come back not only for the xiao long bao but to try one of their noodle dishes.
I really like their food especially soup dumpling. It remind me my hometown. I went there several times with friends. Sometimes I take out. Usually you need to wait for a while for the seat or their soup dumpling. However, i think waiting is a worth thing for the good food!
Not necessarily "as good as it gets", but those pan fried buns are definitely worth the wait. I thought they forgot about them because it was a good 40+ minutes before they came out (after we devoured the rest of our food) but when it came out, baby- they were perfect. Big, fluffy, juicy, umami, and perfectly crisp on the bottom. The XLBs were not as good as Joe's Shanghai but were pretty good nevertheless. I could have done without the cold sliced beef and tendon (too much of the Sichuan peppercorns- I'm Chinese but I hate those things! Practically a Sichaun peppercorn paste!) I disliked their version of siu mai, which was glutinous rice mixed with fatty beef with a pea on top, definitely not what I was expecting.
I've finally found a place that serves straight out of Shanghai, comfort breakfast food! It's crazy how simple the menu is but you can't find this stuff in manhattan chinatown anywhere. Thumbs up to this place serving all the traditional foods that my grandma and mom were raised on in the motherland. You have to start off with a bowl of sweet soy bean milk (hot) dou jiang or if you prefer the saltier version - salty soy bean milk. Pair that with fried dough (you tiao) and you have your breakfast base. Now add some side dishes - try the scallion egg bun/pankcake - it's pretty good, I've definitely had better but it's good. I also tried the garlic seaweed - the one here was wayy to sour - don't get this, it definitely should not taste that way. And of course you can't forget the famous soup dumplings. The filling was made fresh and very good. The dumplings were plump full of juices. The only problem was the skin, it wasn't strong enough to keep the filling from falling out. I have to give it to Joe's Shanghai, they still reign supreme in this aspect. This place is an excellent option for traditional shanghai breakfast/street foods.
Still the best soup dumplings on this side of the Pacific. For newbies, this is not a restaurant for a long family dinner. It's a sit down, order the best Shanghainese food, eat it and leave kind of place. Service is incredibly fast (once you get in which can be hard during peek times). We've tried almost everything on the menu, and haven't found a dish we can say is bad.
Wowow silly dragon lady over here gave us some serious attitude. She really over stepped so crucial boundaries by tossing our respective chopsticks and straw at us. The food seems to be on the decline and the service becomes ever more diminishing. In an era where Yelp reviewers cast judgement upon every detail this lady really over stepped her boundaries. TOURIST TRAP.
After many many visits here, I also have to recommend their spicy beef with tripe - it's served cold and it almost has a pickled taste. It's DELICIOUS. Our usual order:As many xiao long baos as we can eatSpicy beef with tripeShanghai noodlesAmaze balls!I also love that they've expanded so less of a wait than before!
Had great shanghai breakfast here. Service was a little brusque, but to be expected for a 老外 like me. The 油条 were great, as were the 小笼包 that the place is named and famed for. The restaurant was clean, service was fast and the food was delicious. overall experience 非常好!!! Well worth the schlep out to flushing, would recommend!
First time here..the dumplings we had were ok (we had steamed vegetable dumplings, pan fried dumplings and the Shanghai Shao mo). They all were good. We also had the scallion pancakes (with and without meat). The place was clean and the hostess wasn't very welcoming. I definitely will come back and try the other dumplings. Service was straight forward.
The dumplings are good but deinitely have fallen from the top notch scale. They continue to get away with enforcing Cash only which any taxpaying citizen should be furious about.They really were the best soup dumplings in NYC at one point so it's obviously recommended to go try it but the best ones is a small store front in Shanghai..Yeah I'm dead serious about traveling to try food.
This place is rated better than it should be. It's passable but that's it.  The dumplings are not bad but nothing hits my tongue like Joe's Shanghai. The spicy tendon wasn't bad but not spicy either.  The Beef and Scallion pancakes are a disaster.  Greasy, oily, and some weird sweetness made it inedible.  Too bad I wanted this as another spot hit while in flushing.The food truck across the street happens to be awesome.  I would skip this and hit the food truck anyday
Uninspiring food, terrible service, incompetent staff. You can get this quality of food from the dollar hole in the wall vendors all around Main St. Flushing. Stop tricking yourselves into going here. It is poor quality. D+
This is one of the top restaurants in all of NYC. The kitchen is incredibly focused and consistent.They deserve two michelin stars, not an honorable michelin mention.I like that the menu is very focused on classic Shanghai food and doesn't need to stray into items meant to please the American palate.The spicy beef and tripe cold dish is a great way to start off.Make sure to order at least one basket of crab and pork xiao long bao the second you sit down.The scallion pancake w/ beef is the best example i've had.Treat yourself to a side of fried pork chops.The Shanghai Siu Mai contain sticky rice and are one of my favorites among a menu of winners.Don't expect overly warm or coddling service, but the wait staff is efficient and friendly enough.
The best soup dumpling place in flushing. Everything on the menu is super cheap and worth getting. I personally dont like crabmeat because it has that particular smell to it. I love their panfried noodle and scallion pancake!
Amazing XLBs. Also get the beef scallion pancakes. The pan-fried pork buns are good, but not incredible. The shanghai noodles are wonderfully chewy, albeit oily and could use more beef/veggies. Gets very busy on weekend evenings so come early! My go-to Shanghainese restaurant.
Really tasty spot. Very affordable, huge portions, cash only. Nothing much else to say other than that I left satisfied.
Food is ok, average level as a Chinese restaurant. But their service is just like shit, waiters keep ignoring you in not typical busy time. Not accept credit card.  Anyway, never again.
If people ever tells me that Joe Shanghai got the best soup dumplings i will definitely ask them if they had ever tried Nan Xiang before?  Personally I think Joe is overrated and a tourist trap but that's just my personal opinion.Nan Xiang started with one store front and eventually expanded to three, just that shows how popular and how good the dumplings are here. If you come to Nan Xiang, there is/are really only ONE or TWO items that's a MUST GET and you guessed- PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS and CRAB SOUP DUMPLINGSYes the pork soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings are so freaking awesome!! they are made to order so before you even sit, tell them you want to start with the soup dumplings and then proceed to read the menu.Soup dumplings here have a very thin layer of dumpling skin so when you bite into it (make sure you don't burn your tongue) you'll get this soft chewy yet not so greasy bite of meat and skin.  try to eat it as quickly as possible cause when these thing turn cold, they are really not very good.The cold dishes here are not too shabby neither, I especially enjoy the braised bean curd and the spicy beef tendon. and for appetizer I would recommend getting the scallion pancake or the scallion pancake with beef.  both offer excellent flavor and texture. The Shanghai Stir fried udon was not that good here, there was literally no meat in it and it's extremely greasy (how much oil do they put in it?)  food were really cheap here, after picking soup dumpling, stir fried udon and braise bean curd, totally came out to be around $25- super worth it!Nan Xiang is a great place to eat at and offer excellent value for the quality of food they serve.  Just make sure you order the soup dumplings!
Joe's Shanghai is the chain that is popular. However, Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing is the best place for soup dumplings I have tried. When I crave soup dumplings, I think about this restaurant. You will burn your tongue if you bite straight into a dumpling. My technique is to bite a small hole in the dumpling and slowly drink the soup before eating the rest of it. The fried bun is also great if you want to avoid the hot soup. Moreover, the scallion pancake and noodle dishes are excellent. Although it is a trek from Manhattan, it is walking distance from the last stop on the 7 train.If you are visiting New York and looking for recommendations for Asian food, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my personal lists of great spots in the city, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.
Very bad and rude service, they run their business like Wall Street, don't go. Everything is overrated.
Luckily, I stopped by on a weekday so no long wait. While everyone is raving about the soup dumplings, the spicy beef tripe was the real winner for me. The soup dumplings were on point though! But oh my goodness, the spicy beef tripe so yum with the perfect amount of spiciness. Loved the tofu fa (sweet bean curd drink) as well, which was lightly sweet, super smooth and warmed my belly.Surprisingly, I wasn't too fond of the scallion pancake with beef. The sauce with the beef killed it for me :(
OHH MAAA LAWDD!!!If you are in Flushing neighborhood and wonder what to eat this is the place to go!!I mostly come here after I study at Presso Cafe and then get a good meal for a cheap price and right after I would go for shaved ice at Snowdays! But back to the dumplings! But why talk about things when you have the Pros and Cons List!!Pros:Great Food! (Dumpling. Enough said)Cheap Price (Bring like $15~$20 and your set)Pretty Good Location for dumpling house.Seats about 60 ishFast Food preparationCons:CASH ONLY!!NO WIFIBut Honestly Trust me. You are not going to regret spending $15 on this place.Just go have some dumplings. What are you still doing readings this dumb review? GOOO!
Don't get takeout. It takes at least half hour. I'm still waiting for my food and the service people really don't care.
I've been craving for dimsum and this place was just the right place! Visited around 11 am. Didnt have to wait for the table but still the place was pretty packed! Had crab/pork dimsum, vegetable, and spicy peanut sauce wonton!!! Amazing!!! Will def be back!!!!
This place was ight. Had high hopes going in but was hugely disappointed in my xiao long baos tearing apart on the bottom when i picked them upCan a brotha get a leaf of cabbage underneath his baos?!?
Crab and pork xiao long bao. Compared to the regular pork one, you can taste the difference. The crab meat isn't really visible because it has been blended with the pork, but the flavor is definitely there. I suggest getting a platter of each and try them both. Their scallion pancake is good too, but make sure you get it with beef. It is different from the regular thin ones. You can tell this one is deep fried because it's thick and a slightly crunchy, golden brown layer on the outside, but chewy on the inside. It comes with tiny scallion pieces and hoisin sauce.I haven't had the radish cakes before but other people seem to like them. But these are the 3 main things you should get while dining here. The dining area seems small at first when you walk in, but they have a lot more seating to the right and the back.
Great Chinese food, all reasonably priced. The service is quick and you don't have to wait long for the food to come out. I'm docking points for the fact that they don't accept card, one of the waitresses was too busy with her phone to seat us and that my spoon was dirty and was stuck to the napkin.
The quality of the xiao long bao (little soup dumpling) has definitely dropped from what it use to be in my opinionIt is still better than most other places but within the last year the skin has gotten thicker and isn't the same as it use to be.  Still worth getting compared to the other shanghainese placesI highly recommend the spicy beef, Or the scallion pancake with beef, little soup dumpling and or the soy milk
Delicious food, good prices whats not to love. We felt like we went to China gained 10lbs and came back :)
One of my go-to places for expertly handmade, Xiao Long Bao (aka "soup dumplings"), a signature food of the Nanxiang area (aka Shanghai). Thus the eponymous name which definitely does not disappoint.I have to admit i only go there for the XLBs so i can only attest to those delicious morsels, again perfectly handcrafted - the dough just the right satisfying amount of chew, thin yet sturdy enough to hold the juicy meat filling and that wonderful broth, seasoned with creamy slightly lardy pork or the addition of sweet salty crab fat, unctuous and silky - add a slight touch of the supplied ginger black vinegar and the entire bite is a perfect symphony of classic flavors that transported me back to Shanghai.The price is right, the wait if there is is justifiable and definitely worth the schlep to this great corner of Queens. I don't wanna hear any complaints about the trek - i drive from Connecticut!
I go here probably once every other month, and it has quickly become one of my favorite spots in Flushing. Some must order items are the pork and crab soup dumplings (educate yourself on how to eat these before attempting...you WILL burn yourself if you just pop the whole thing in your mouth), scallion pancake with beef, and rice cake with pork and preserved mustard. The restaurant is clean, very affordable, and conveniently located near the 7 Train on Main Street. I'm knocking off one star for the service. I never expect warm and friendly service at any restaurant in Flushing...the service here isn't unfriendly, but I can't remember one time I have visited when I didn't have to flag down a server for tea refills or the check. Basically, this is five stars for the food, two or three stars for service.
When it's a cold winter's day...When everybody's too broke for the normal fancy food...When you and all your friends are all super hungry and can't make proper decisions...Nan Xiang is the place to go. I've been coming here for years now for many, many times, and the best thing about this place is of course the soup dumplings. My favorites are the crab and pork soup dumplings-and the beef scallion pancake. The service here is adequate. The decor is simple (perhaps falling into a category of Asian zenful bare). What shines is the food, price point, and hours! (I've been here at midnight before...opened until 1 AM on weekends.)Come here and scald your face off from greedy eating. BTW, accepts cash only, so make sure your wallet is full.
Came here last night, very busy on a sunday night so you know its good. Had the cucumber and garlic and seafood rice cake both which were very good, also had the beef rolled with scallion pancake which was awesome! Wanted to try the veggie dumplings and soy sauce tofu but they were out, next time!
i went here based on all the reviews and i was not impressed. the soup inside the dumplings wasnt hot and i didnt think the flavor was anything special. the scallion beef pancake was too sweet and nothing special. the woman at the cash register looked like she was waiting for a bus. Everyone says this place is so cheap but I can get much higher quality food for $12
I wonder who are these ppl that gave this place all these amazing superb five star reviews. Seriously after living in Flushing for over 9 years. We finally decided to give this place a try. It's all street style food serve in a sit down restaurant, no dish in the menu worth mentioning. Hence why I NEVER wanted to come here. But we decided to try it out. (Shoulda went next door 66 or smth) Anyway, here's what we ordered: 1)Scallion pancake, this has to be the worst I ever had, DEEP FRIED and drenched in bad oil. It should always be pan fried !!!! 2)Stir fried rice cake with slice pork and chopped up green veg? Tasted okay, but the veggie were NOT cleaned/washed completely, after the very first bite, there was that dirt/sand stuff mix in it all together. Absolutely unacceptable. 3)crab/meat soup dumpling. They were ok, nothing spectacular. You could get the same just about anywhere else in Flushing. 4)pork chop noodle soup. The broth tasted like hot boiled water with added msg and chicken broth powder. Noodle were definitely not hand made, it was all stuck together to the bottom of the hot water broth. Pork chop is again super deep fried drenched in oil.Save yourself the money, go to any spot next door on the same block !!We will never come here again....
Udon noodles with pork were really good and filling. On top of that we ordered soup  dumplings and scallion pancakes all were so good. Food here was delicious, fairly priced and the service was very good as well.
Best Chinese food I have ever had. I am vegetarian so we ordered vegetarian dumplings and scallion pancakes to share and the veggie udon stir fry (I asked to make it vegetarian so it has no shrimp powder). And my friend ordered the crispy noodle chicken. He said it was also the best Chinese food he has had outside of his Chinese friend's home. Everything was delicious and they pour you tea upon being seated which is great. Quick service and seriously amazing flavored. Could eat here every day and night no joke!
We walked in and thought the language barrier would be difficult but it wasn't. Really digged the pork and crab soup dumplings even though I clumsily spilled some of the soup on myself because it was extremely soupy and tasty (oops). We also had the scallion pancakes which I didn't particularly enjoy because it was bland and just crispy. We should've gotten the scallion pancake with beef :-( oh well. And also, we got the hot soy milk (salty) and it wasn't what we expected, it was alright but was quite odd! We also got the fried udon noodles which were quite oily and enjoyable and filling. I'd honestly only go back for the dumplings. The total came out to about $20.13 in total and it was super satisfying! Next time I know what to get. Will be back!
This place is definitely worth a try if you are in the area. The interior is pretty plain and boring but the food is interesting. We ordered 4 items, although it was presented as dim sum, all of the dishes were pretty large and 4 for 2 people was way more than enough. We had the pan fried pork buns, they were like steamed bao's with the bottoms fried crispy. The meat inside was not bbq pork but more like ground pork that you'd find in a dumpling..... Which was our next dish, pan fried dumplings. They were good, had better, had worse. 3rd dish was a spicy wonton in peanut sauce, again good not great. The peanut sauce was very thin and had only a very light flavor of peanut but good spice level and pretty tasty. The star of the show, by far, was the scallion pancake stuffed with sliced beef. They were crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with a thin sliced beef filling in a sweet and spicy sauce. These were worth the visit on their own!Prices were very reasonable.
Chances are that if you ask me to go eat cheap, delicious Chinese food... I'm 99% in. That's exactly what this place is. You can get 3-4 dishes for just about $20. What a steal!This is one of my favorite soup dumpling restaurants. Seriously so delicious and so satisfying. Get either the pork or the crab meat soup dumplings - you can't go wrong here. Scallion pancakes are also a must! If you're craving a noodle dish, go for the Shanghai fried udon noodles. Yum, yum, yum! My mouth is watering just thinking about all these dishes.CASH ONLY and the place is small, so go at an off-hour so you won't have to wait!
Their food used to be really good. Now it's just okay. Still the best soup dumplings in Flushing- but the other stuff isn't as great. (Rice cake, Appetizers, Noodles/Rice)Service is also mediocre now. Really disappointed with them.Their food has gotten really greasy and there's a lot of MSG.Real reason why it's still three stars is because there aren't other options around unless you go all the way to Kung Fu XLB.
I hate the shitty service here. I took my parents here they wanted some traditional Chinese food. Their food is not bad. But not impressive or excellent. Start with ordering, the waitress was extremely impatient and rude. Then I asked for 3 bowls to share the noodle. I asked a waiter, he rolled his eyes and walked away. No, he never brought the bowls to us. Not saying all the staff here are bad. At least one guy helped us out and very polite. Finally comes to the check. My dad was not sure how much to tip. The person at the receptionist told my dad whatevs. Then I asked for the receipt. She was like you want the receipt? Then wait. Jeez no matter how good their food is (it's mediocre) I wouldn't come back here ever again for this kinda shitty service. I live in Manhattan so I can find somewhere better. Just hoped my parents can feel some warmness from the people from the same country and eat some Chinese food that's it. Ridiculous place.南翔的服务是翔 (:
This is my first time trying nan Xiang xiaolongbao. It was really good but nothing too "wow" about it. By 1pm they have already sold out of the pan fried pork buns and the beef&stripe dish , which was kinda disappointing since we don't live in New York and would like to try everything of the menu. Scallion pancake with beef was a tasty dish to have as an appetizer, although it is a bit oily but it's the oiliness that made this dish so amazing. Think about it, fried dough with beef , what's not to like about it ? Service was really nice , our waitress was very accommodating. Will be back next time in New York .
I came here specifically for their soup dumpling and was not disappointed at all. It took about 15 minutes from the time i placed the order to the time the dumpling came out. The filling for the dumpling was very flavorful! Beside the dumpling, i also order the recommended Scallion Pancakes. I got the one with the sliced beef. The texture to the scallion pancakes were light and crispy... and a somewhat oily, but it's still really good!
Good food but bad service. I've been here several times and the service is always horrible. Last time we got there right after lunch rush and the place was half empty... It still took forever to place our orders and get our food. The soup dumplings are still worth it I guess. I rather come here than joe shanghai. Try the spicy bamboo shoots... it's served cold with chili oil over it.
Came here to grab a quick bite mid-week around 5:30pm. Was seated immediately and we proceeded to order both types of soup dumplings and the shanghai noodles. The food was good but not out of this world. I tried really hard but couldn't differentiate between all the other places for soup dumplings. The food was cheap so worth it. Our check out experience was slow and we finally got fed up and just went to the cashier directly. The girl who was handed our check decided to start texting instead of bringing it to us - we were the table right next to the cashier.
I can't find no place like this that offers affordable, authentic, and amazing food. I tried other soup dumplings, but for some reason this place has me coming back for more. It's favorable and comforting at the same time. I absolutely love the scallion pancakes. It's my favorite over there, and combine with the hot pepper paste or hot oil. It sure makes a winning combination for me. The line can get long because the place is popular here, especially the weekend. Beside the pork dumplings, there's also the rice cakes. These are definitely to try!!! I highly recommend this place if your craving for soup dumplings. Should also try the soy milk here if you can. They are awesome both hot or cold!
Absolutely awesome!  Love the soup dumplings.  Better than Joe's as it's not as oily.  Fresh, hot, juicy.  Our waitress was surprisingly friendly and helpful for a Chinese restaurant.  Price can't be beat and nice atmosphere too.
After having dumpling soup from here. I feel like I am spoiled! I can't have any other dumplings from any other places! This place is great!!! Especially those dumplings, the skin is thin, the meat is juicy! And I love it!!! If i live closer, I would definitely come every other day.  Delicious!!!
I came here on a rather drunk debauchery filled night.  But apparently I was still sober enough to order what I craved.  Win.The thing to get from this place is the soup dumplings (steamed dumplings with juicy goodness sealed inside the bun).  Yes, the "soup" that comes out when the dumplings pops in your mouth will be SCORCHING so I'd make sure you eat it with a spoon so as to not waste the "soup".Personally, I'm not a big fan of soup dumplings because I'd much rather have soup with dumplings or dumplings soup.  But in the days of Cronuts, and Doncrois, hybrids are the way to go.The thing I ordered for myself was the beef stew.  Standard staple at any Chinese joint really and you also really can't mess it up.  Well, you can but that is like burning toast, totally avoidable.Service was good, I'd even go so far as to say BETTER than most Asian places where service isn't why you go to eat there, prices & good food is.So many places to eat in Flush town and this place didn't really stood out to me.  But I will give them a second try in hopes that it really gives me that WOW factor.
Like people say, you only need to do one thing better than everyone else to succeed in the world.  And that is how Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao expanded from one store front space only to now occupying 3 store fronts in the very competitive Flushing restaurants business. Been  going to this place in the very beginning.  Back then, the seatings were very uncomfortable as they cramped tables together. You barely had enough elbows rooms. Except for the soup dumplings, which is the best, the other dishes are very average. The menu was very limited in comparison to other establishments in the area. Nowadays, the menu is very limted. The soup dumplings tasted just as good. The seating arrangements greatly improved but I kind of miss the cramped tables like the old days. Otherwise, you could expect at least 15 mins wait time on the weekends.
Have gone here several times for breakfast.  Pros:   Their food is consistently good and tasty.Cons:   They want to seat us RIGHT next to someone else even when the restaurant is not full and we can have our own table.  Their employees are not the friendliest and customer service is so-so at best.  During one outing, I saw the waitress' thumb touch my salty bean curd soup as she was setting down my bowl - eww.
First time trying soup dumplings and man they were delicious. We got the crab and pork and pork ones. We also ordered the hot soy milk to dip with the fried dough. It was an acquired taste. I am just use to eating those fried doughs plain.  We also ordered seafood rice cake dish to try and spicy beef and tripe and beef scallion pancake which was also good.   The only thing I was not a fan of was the Shanghai style pork shui mai it was mostly rice inside.
3 of us came here for lunch on a Saturday around noon. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table so not too bad. We ordered both the pork and crab soup dumplings. Both were very good, and I don't recall liking one more than the other so you can't go wrong with either!We also ordered the beef scallion pancake which was as delicious as everyone says, though also as oily as everyone says. One thing I did like was that they have a bottle of vinegar at the table so you can use as much as you like. In my case, I like to dunk my soup dumplings AND my pancake in vinegar so it worked out quite well for me!Also tried the egg and chive pancake which was more like an empanada stuffed with leeks, but still good. Finally we all shared the braised beef noodles which came in a spicy sauce. The noodles were very long and we suspect they were hand pulled. Very delicious (though it is in fact spicy so be warned) and the beef pieces were just the right amount of tenderness. Would definitely recommend this place. There seemed to be a lull in people around 12:30/1pm. It's like all the tables opened up at that point!
The best steamed, fried, and soup dumplings ever. Worth the wait. Right in the middle of Flushing Chinatown. Dumplings are the best. They may not be very fast with your order, but the chef is a genius man! Scallion pancakes pork dumplings a must. I will try the Pig ear next time!
I've heard so many good things about this place. I've been dyinggg to try it out. I finally did :') I came here on a Friday night around 9:30pm with my boyfriend. It was busy but not so bad. We didn't have to wait to be seated or anything. We went cray cus we'd been dying to try the food here so we ordered dumplings, soup pork buns, scallion pancake with beef & udon noodles. I absolutely LOVED the scallion pancake. It was to die for. Perfect sharing portion too. The dumplings were so fresh and delicious. The udon noodles were ahhhmazingg. Everything was sharing portions. One thing that got me a bit eh was that the pork buns were so tiny! Why so tiny!? If they were slightly bigger it'd be better. But that's okay cus they tasted delicious. My boyfriend ordered a regular coke to drink & I got soy bean milk! It was cold and so good.   I def. recommend this place to everyone & anyone who enjoys dumplings and soup and all that kind of good stuff. The pricing was great. Me and boyfriend shared all this food & STILL had some left over to take home. The staff was so nice & kind too. I am 110% coming back here very soon.
Every time we visit NYC we make a point to come here for XLB.  They have the best XLB in the area.  Unfortunately, the lines can be long so come early for lunch or early for dinner.  Fortunately this time around we just stopped for a snack at around 3 pm so we were seated immediately. Ordered fried dumplings, XLB, and the spicy tendons.  All was really good as expected. We haven't had a bad food experience here yet.  Service is your typical Chinese service so don't expect too much there.
They will tell you there is a 10-15 min wait. Don't believe that. The place is packed all the time. Being on the Michelin guide helps. At times it seams chaotic and unorganized. It's quite the opposite, a gracious dance of beautiful, delicious dishes. And as always, thanks for reading. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY
Excellent as usual!!!!2 seaters are cramped but u come here for the food Fast turn aroundEfficient staff and most are friendly!!!Definitely a must stop for NYC trip!  7 line takes you to the end and it's a short 5 mins walk to address!!!
The waiter was unconcerned. Not the best food neither. Dont waste your time
Absolutely love this place!!I have been coming here for years. You know they are good because they keep expanding. The restaurant takes up a good portion of the block and is still usually packed.The soup dumplings here are amazing, the soup is good and the meat is good. The crab dumplings are my favorite but the pork one is good too. You don't have to wait too long for it to arrive and it is so flavorful.  They also usually do not break while you are picking it up. The beef wrap is alway good, crispy and full of goodness.  There is a good amount of beef unlike other places.The cold dishes! So so good. The kafu is one of my favorites. It is beyond good. There is a good mix of everything. The cucumbers are also very good.Also the noodles are good, especially the beef noodle.  Go try it now, can't go wrong with any of the dishes on the menu!
I couldn't stop thinking about the cashier episode(read the review) and didn't feel good about giving this place 4 stars even though the food was really good, hence the 2 stars.Sometime I wonder, how did we ever exist in the pre yelp days.I cant even imagine.So while driving back home from Lido Beach we saw the exit for Flushing and we could almost sense the whiff of Dumplings.Checked with Aunt Yelp and she steered us towards Nan Xian Dumpling House.There was a parking lot at $3 an hour right at the corner from the restaurant.Service was extremely spotty and although the restaurant was busy there were at least 3-4 servers just waiting around talking to each other.After one of them was taking a break from his break, he came over with the menus.We had already browsed through over the 100 reviews and the pictures and knew exactly what we wanted even before we saw the simple small unchinese like menus.Hubby got the pork soup dumplings and I got the vegetable dumplings and rice cake seafood noodles.The dumplings were totally outta of this world and we couldn't help ordering a second round each.I have never in my life seen vegetable dumplings with such generous amount of green filling.The rice cake noodle was good but somehow did not fit our taste buds.I prefer the soft rice balls to the chewy rice cakes.While we were still working on our dumplings we saw the lady at the cashier ill treat a customer over few pennies literally.She apparently short paid at the cashier but had left a decent $5 tip at the table for the server for a single order of noodle soup which was probably less than $10.We were appalled at how rude the lady was to the customer for a measly few pennies which I am sure was not the customers intention.Saddens me every time to see places like these who treat their customers like a piece of s*** and yet we shamelessly patronize these places all in the name of love for food.
I have been coming here for years. The food was fantastic. Ever since they've expanded, it's gone downhill especially with the service. The past three times that I've been here is the reason why I'm giving it 1 star. I have given this place three chances with the last one being a total disappointment. After putting our name down for a party of 3 on a busy Saturday afternoon, the hostess tells us to wait outside so that we're not blocking the entrance. We waited outside BY THE DOOR for about 45 min and started to realize that ppl who came AFTER us were getting seated. So my mom went in and asked the hostess. She tells my mom that she already called our number from inside and that we should've paid attention. Umm excuse me? We waited outside like we were told and now it's our fault for not being able to hear our number from inside. The hostess carried on with her attitude and eventually got us seated with no apologies. Once seated, the waiters would take orders from tables all around us first. It took about 15 min for them to finally take our orders. We had to ask for tea multiple times because they would just walk right past you even though you've made eye contact. The typical black vinegar with ginger sauce wasn't even on our table from the beginning and asking them would've taken another 15 min. We waited about an hour for our food. We watched people who came after us, finish their food while we were still waiting. At this point, I was about to get up and just leave. It seemed like they catered to all the non-Asians first before coming to us. Well guess what? They're not the only ones writing Yelp reviews! As for the food, the soup buns were good but there are other places comparable. This was by far the worst experience I've ever had. I would never come back to this establishment again.
Mediocre. I was expecting something more but I'll give this place 3.5... Walked in from blistering cold.. Guy tries to give us seat right by the door constantly swinging open haha no. Like do you not see me shivering, teeth chattering and all.... Lol..takes a min for waiter to realize we're waiting to place our order.. Ordered the soup dumplings they were pretty awesome and the rice cake with shredded beef... Eh. Very gummy the rice cakes were and there was like no beef.. Two strands maybe.. No one checked on us at all during the meal and it was just eh.. I mean I did love the soup dumplings tho... I just wish the whole experience was better !
Since I only had the dumplings at this Flushing Chinatown spot, I'll hold back one star, until I'm there again. The dumplings were outstanding! One word of warning though. The "pork buns" are really pork dumplings and they are FILLED with a warm, delicious broth. Don't bite into one or you'll get doused! Plop them in your mouth and enjoy. Also, the veggie dumplings were outstanding, though no broth was encountered.
This used to be my fav soup dumpling place. The soup dumplings are always fresh and filled with soup, which is important! Otherwise it would just be called dumplings. I always get 2 baskets of soup dumplings, a beef scallion pancake and a salty tofu soup...yes all for me :-)But since I found a better soup dumpling place this place has lost all appeal to me. Especially because it's really popular now and often there is a line out the door. Check out my channel youtube.com/strictlydump… to find out which place has the best soup dumplings in the city.
Love this place. First time hear ! Make sure u come early ! This place is crazy packed ! Family style food ! Their portions are so big. Try the seafood noodle soup , garlic cucumber , scallions pancakes ! Is a must.
Great Great Great Food! Best scallion pancakes YOU WILL EVER HAVEThe rice cake is excellent (something I haven't tried before I went here...loved it). It's casual modern dimsum, fun place to try out.
These are excellent soup dumplings!I tried the scallion pancake with beef. It is probably just me, but I don't like the sauce in there. Pancake a bit oily. Sauce made it taste off. Guess I would prefer shredded pork with BBQ. I will tried udon noodles or fried noodle next. The soup dumplings are amazing!!Cash only. Quick refills on tea. Clean.
Pay with exact change. Every time I come here, they shortchange me by a few cents. I even got a dirty look from the cashier when I pointed out that she still owed me the rest of my change. It's not the amount of money that annoys me, it's the principle. Seriously, if my bill is $10.96, that's what the business is entitled to get from me; if I pay with a twenty, I expect to get back $9.04, not $9.  You just know they'd raise bloody hell if I decided to pay $10.90 of a $10.96 bill!Let's do some fake-Asian math, shall we?I think Nan Xiang has a capacity of around 150 people. Let's assume the cashier shortchanges each of 75 checks (to account for different-sized parties) by $0.03 and that all the tables are turned over every hour for ten hours. They make $22.50 an hour just from those three extra cents. That's $157.50 in extra untaxed revenue they're stealing from their customers on a weekly basis, and $8190 every year.  My indignance re: their shady money practices aside, the food is good. The soup buns, while no longer the orgasmic experience they once were, are still good: full of soup, nice flavor, tender, and the skins are toothsome. I used to like their beef-filled scallion pancakes but the quality of this particular dish is really inconsistent. Sometimes it's beautifully crisp, not greasy, and full of scallion pieces to complement the braised beef inside. At other times, the pancakes are heavy, drenched in oil, and devoid of scallion flavor or bits. I'm uninterested in playing the odds with this dish, so I no longer order it. It's too bad because when it's good, it's truly a wonder to taste. Their hot pepper noodle soup is wonderful and something I'd order again. It's not at all spicy despite its name; the beef broth is rich and flavorful, though you should know there is msg in it. Overall, Nan Xiang serves some excellent grub. They lost a star for their shady short changing and another for their inconsistent food quality.
Since we've been staying in Flushing, we've gotten to try a ton a ton a TON of Chinese food, which has been awesome. It's all concentrated around Main St. - sit down, take out, food courts, carts on the street, whatever you might need. It's all delicious and reasonably priced -  and Nan Xiang is no exception. I'm assuming they're known for their dumplings, hence the "Dumpling House," and it makes sense considering the bomb-ness of their soup dumplings. They're perfectly cooked and all under $10 and man oh man are they good. We also tried the noodles and beef-cake-patties (I'm terrible, I should really get to know the names) but all the food was amazing! We left happily filled. But now for the three star rating... that service, man. I thought for a moment that it was because I was there and quite obviously didn't speak Chinese - I get it, it's frustrating when someone who has no idea what things are or how to speak the language is trying to order. However, I was with my Chinese-speaking boyfriend and his mom and it was amazing how many times we were either straight up ignored or dismissed. We had to ask for water a million times before they finally brought it, and even to order our food, it took us a long time to get a waiter to stop for us. It seems pretty disorganized and while it's always busy, it's not a very large restaurant. Throw a smile on - or not even that, at least get the orders right when we do order! That'd help me enjoy the overall experience of this place a lot more.ALSO cash only too!
The food is ok, but service is very slow. Soup dumpling without provide spoon. No tea refill, and server is standing far. Pass my table multi-time without refilling my cups. Hard to get a hold of server. But hey, this this a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Who cares about service anyway. They only sell fast food, just eat and get the heck out ASAP.
first thing to order is the xiao long bao. about one or two trays per person. it is that good. it is dumplings with a soup inside the dumpling. the rest of the menu is gravy ... but good gravy ....
Cash only but amazing xiao long bao. Best I've had on the East Coast!If you're in Flushing. GO!
Excellent scallion pancakes and pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao) at reasonable prices. Probably the best soup dumplings I've tried in NYC.
By far my favorite soupy dumpling spot! Been to Joe's Shanghai many times, for the distance and hassle, it's not worth it now after coming here. Thin and very juicy crap soup dumplings... Yum! They also have delicious cold spicy beef appetizers. Would definitely recommend this place!
A new go-to place in Flushing. Great food for a relatively budget friendly price. Went in a day before Chinese New Year(just to look for tikoy) and a Sunday and it was packed at 2pm. Thumbs Up with the sweet bean curd we had and the scallion pancake with beef. Will recommend this place.
Cold appetizersSoup dumplingslong lines in front of the doorsmall placechefs making their creations right in frontthis place is so good!!!
Lunch for two. Had to wait 15 min for a table, we got seated in the inner room. It was crowded and we sat so close to next table that you can listen in to each others conversation. So this place is not for any intimate chat or dates.We ordered a cold dish, beef tripe (spicy), rice cake, salty cabbage and fish noodle soup and also the famous soup dumplings.The cold dish came first. It was delicious, the spiciness was not overpowering. I'd like more of this yummy cold beef. Then came the noodle soup which was mehh... The noodles was soggy and the soup bland. Worse was the fish that tasted earth/dirt, I forgot to ask what kind of fish they used. I tried to finish it but the mudtaste grew stronger!The rice cake stir fry was a bit oily but still ok. Reminds me of the hk style beef noodle.Soup dumplings finally arrived but by then I was pretty full. It was ok but remember I've had better before or it might be I'm not that hungry. I'd probably come back for another try and order less food.The other buns that came last we just packed them with us.The service was ok but it was busy so it took awhile before we got the bill. When it finally came it was the wrong bill, haha....more wait to get it fixed but they apologized when we got the right bill and said it was busy so our table got mixed up.
Found my go to spot for soup dumplings! Wait on the weekend is bit long, but totally worth it. Standard pork dumplings are $6 for 6 of them, pretty reasonable price. Great place for group or causal dining.
WISH I TRIED MORE! the dumplings melted in your mouth, so easy to pop those suckers back!
Authentic Chinese Shanghainese cuisine! I've been coming to this places for years now and they've expanded the restaurant over the years but they're still busy as ever and sometimes the lines go out the door and down the street. Definitely plan on a wait when you come. The menu is has stayed the same, with cold dishes like fried gluten and preserved veggies and edamame, hot appetizers like scallion Pancake and salty douhua, small entrees like Xiao long bao soup dumplings which is what they're known for and other Chinese stir fry dishes. The dumpling skin is made fresh and thin which takes skill and they're steamed perfectly. The service is on and off because they're so busy but for the most part, they're quick on getting your order and very quick on serving it. The chive and leek pockets are not as good as I'd like them to be cause the skin is too thick and the stuffing is too little. The soy milk here is very rich and delicious!
I surely am a fan of Nan Xiang Dumpling.  For our recent very very short stay in Flushing, we actually went there twice.  Which is pretty amazing since there must be like more than two dozen restaurants/eateries I wanted to try.  The first night we arrived in NYC, I wanted to go because, well, I really really want some good xiao lun bao.  I've heard of Nan Xiang (of course) and have tried them in Vancouver, BC (in a food court).  So when I learned our hotel is a mere 2 min walk from this place, it was a no brainer.I ordered the XLB, dumplings, and wonton.  And it was a nice 1 AM feast (really bad for me, I know).  The food was not the best I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good.  So the very next morning, we went back because I wanted to try their breakfast as well.  And by breakfast, I mean soy milk, Chinese donut, another round of XLB and pan fried small buns.  If I live in Flushing, I'd probably come here every week....
I dream of these XLB...oh why do I have to live so far away from Flushing? The stern-looking owner or manager guy who tended the front was fun to watch. He looked like he was about one or two sentences away from unleashing some can of Kung Fu whoop ass on any customer that pushed him slightly the wrong way. Maybe this place gets so busy, and rightly so, that the pressure on him is too much. Whatever, what they've got going works well, and the food is a joy. In additional to the ethereal XLB's (and I liked the pork better than the crab and pork), the stir fried rice cake with pork was really delicious. This is a perfect place for a comforting Chinese breakfast to start your day off right. Just make sure to keep your mouth shut around that guy in the front and no sudden moves. I don't need him going postal on your skinny butt and ruining my favorite XLB restaurant!
Quality, authentic Chinese soul food! You will not be disappointed, I promise. I brought a friend here and we ordered veggie dumplings, warm soymilk, fried dough, shumai, scallion pancakes, and fried (soup) dumplings (?) (Not sure what they're called in English but trust me, everything was GOOD.) Come here!
This is a long overdue review because I came here after a Flushing Yelp event and karaoke way way back in early March with a group of Yelpers. Though, I remember distinctly what I ordered and all of it being delicious and having enough food to take home for seconds the next day. Steph ordered the traditional soup dumplings, which I tried one of and the skins were cooked perfectly and the taste was on point. I had ordered pan fried pork buns and they were way more enormous than I had expected with a generous sprinkling of sesame seeds on the top of each round dough ball. Dumplings and buns is where this place excels. Noodles and soup were just average. At least, from what I remember Anderson saying about his noodle soup it was just alright. My Shanghai Panfried udon noodles were just alright as well and on the point of being bland and boring. I could have left satisfied without ordering them. One thing you should get though are their scallion pancakes! They were perfection and some of the best I've ever tasted.
Excellent food at very reasonable prices. We had the soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes with pork and the pan fried udon noodles. All delicious!
This is the best xiao long bao in flushing areaI gave this place 4 stars bcoz of the service was horrible and the server was not friendly and gave us shitty face not even smile but atleast i got the good food
+ Amazing XLB. Most soup I've ever seen in one of these. Only thing I think Din Tai Fung does better is the thinness of their skin.+ Scallion pancakes were fantastic~ Other chinese dishes were solid~ Get there early
Tasty food, especially the spicy beef tripe. Prices are in line with the prices of a lot of places in Flushing, that is, very cheap. Nothing much to say or expect with the interior or ambience, you're only going for the food. I would recommend what they're famous for, the xiao long bao, it's one of the better ones in NYC.
Cheap, fast, and delicious. I make sure to get my soup dumpling fix in before any flight. Love the red bean puffs too.
CASH ONLY!!!!Chinese food here are very delicious.  Portion is very generous.  The wait doesn't take very long, so just be patient.  You will get the seat very soon.Really recommend the soy milk!
The food was okay, but it gave me gingivitis afterwords,Probably due to them not fully cooking the food and not removing the bacteria from the meat.THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!! WATCH OUT!!! BEWARE!!!!
Delicious xiao long bao - not the best I've ever had but it certainly hits the spot. We had the salty soy milk and fried dough which was great. The pan fried dumpling could have been left on the pan longer. The service was quick and food came out reasonably fast. MOf note: my neighboring customers had their orders mixed up with another table and they were able to fix it though the customers were grumpy because the waitress kept insisting they didn't mess up.
Verdict: Food is pretty good, but the service really slow.I would rate this above Joe's Shanghai but below Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao. The xiao long bao here are typically pretty good. The texture of the skin is done well and the flavors are there. However I generally find the other dishes are too oily. Namely the Shanghai pan -fried noodles and the Beef pancake( both dishes which I consider a staple in Shanghai Cuisine).This would definitely be 4 stars if it the service wasn't so slow. Last time I went on a busy saturday, it took more than 30 minutes for the xiao long bao, and took FOREVER for us to get our check after we asked for it. Overall not bad if I'm in the area, but if I'm craving XLB I'm going to Kung Fu.
Fasten yer seat-belt, this place if off the charts delicious! If you're ordering dumplings or baozi be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes, that's just the time it takes to steam them up fresh. Otherwise check out the beef noodle soup, which is delectable!
Only came here for the soup dumplings - and I can say that I was not disappointed at all.I've had my fair share of soup dumplings.. from super authentic ones in Shanghai to famous ones from Din Tai Fung and Joe's Shanghai. Compared to those, these from Nan Xiang are definitely the best soup dumplings I've had in America. The thickness of the skin is perfect, almost too thin that you really have to demonstrate technique when picking up the dumplings or you'll be left soupless. The soup/porkfat is AMAZING and so delicious. Every dumpling was consistent in quality. I normally don't dig the crab + pork soup dumplings, but got it here just to try. So happy I did because they were BOMB. I highly recommend them, but of course you can't go wrong with the classic pork.Flushing is far far away and there's almost always a wait here, but I'll make the trip over any day to get myself 2 orders of these little pieces of heaven.
Great late night food that's also inexpensive.My only complaint is that the place gets so busy, that you're seated real close to other customers.  Privacy is always lacking.
Solid 5/5... Great alternative if you're in Queens and in the mood for XLB. The rice cakes were cooked to perfection and the broth in the dumplings was just right. Will be coming back often.
The service was really bad here. The crab and pork soup dumplings were mediocre. Joe's Shanghai has better dumplings. Take your business elsewhere.
Love the soup dumpling, must try Steamed crab meat  & pork buns Mmmm!! Also love the fried dumpling, service is fast prices are great.. Family friendly,
Probably one of the best if not THE best soup dumpling place in NY. Here you'll see the live action grandmas making the dumplings from scratch. One rolls out the doll into tiny proportionate circles. The other applies the filling and forms the dumpling. The last prepared the cabbage and placement for steaming. Dream team of soup dumpling making.The rest of the menu is really good and incredibly authentic. There isn't anything here I don't like. Well, except for the scallion pancakes.  It's very greasy. Dumplings better than Shanghai manor? Yes. Everything else better than Shanghai manor? Nope. But this place is the spot to hit if you get that soup dumpling Shanghainese craving.
Not the best xiaolongbao I've had. I think Joes Shanghai is much better. But the scallion pancake with beef was delicious, but not enough beef inside. Seafood with noodle was good but a bit greasy.   overall a solid place.
This place never disappoints. Winter, spring, summer, or fall, this has been and still is my go-to place for Xiao Long Bao when I get the craving for it. The service is quick and there's enough room to get seated quickly, and who doesn't want to eat breakfast food for dinner?!The scallion pancakes with beef are a must-have with your soup dumplings. Deep fried goodness. You won't regret it!If you're looking for soup dumplings without having to wait a long time during peak hours like you would at Joe's Shanghai, give this place a try. Cash only, so be prepared!
I had the best Xiao Long Bao in NY there! Everything we had was very fresh. Steamed Vegetable Dumpling was my favorite! This place totally lives up to the hype!
I came here expecting amazing food since I read all the Yelp Reviews. My boyfriend and I were seated quickly by the host who didn't even get up to greet us. It's Flushing so I didn't expect much service anyway. We ordered the beef scallion pancakes, fried dough, hot soybean milk, fried Shanghai lo mein, and two orders of the crab and pork soup dumplings. Our food was pretty good until we saw a bug in our noodles... The waiter replaced the dish as soon as we told them.Overall, I wouldn't go back. The soup dumplings are were flimsy and the skin was easily broken. The dumplings were decent at best, I don't know what the hype is.
Overall our meal was good.  We were seated at the same time as two other couples at three tables side-by-side.  We sat in-between the two couples.  The two couples ordered quickly, but then the server forgot to take our order afterwards. We kept trying to flag the server.  The two tables had their food served and our order was still not taken.  Once we got our order placed, food came out relatively quickly.  We got...spicy wontonsscallion pancakes with beefpork soup dumplingscrispy noodles with shredded porkSpicy wontons were ok, not at all spicy.  Don't expect too much from the scallion pancakes.  When I first took a bite, I liked it.  Maybe it was the sweetness to it?  Then I didn't later.  Soup dumplings and the crispy noodles were great.  Will definitely be back to try some other dishes.
The crab meat soup dumplings were delicious and juicy, but the service was TERRIBLE. My friend and I ONLY ordered 3 orders of the crab meat soup dumplings and an order of the scallion pancakes. but somehow all the waiters (we spoke to like 4 different people) each forgot to check up on our soup dumpling order so we did not get them for about 30 minutes. During this time, several large groups came in (it was after 11pm) and the waiters were nowhere to be found in our particular dining room. Finally, when I managed to flag down a more diligent waiter, he checked up on our order and realized that it was either never inputted or given to the wrong person so he finally inputted the orders and said 6 minutes. Then, on top of that, he only brought us 2 orders when we ordered 3 and when I told yet another waiter that we had in fact ordered 3 soup dumplings, he grunted at me in a yes-i-know way. Then I see him enter the third order finally in the back. After eating all of the dumplings, the 3rd order was still no where to be seen so I decided to cancel the order because we were tired of waiting. When I asked to cancel, several waiters gave me a look as if I had troubled them when they were the ones who completely messed up my order in the first place! The waiter had the audacity to come back to me and exclaim that there was only a minute left on the dumplings, but I said it doesn't matter we had waited like 45 minutes for this 3rd order so we no longer wanted it. I wanted to leave 0 tip but it is the holiday season. Mistakes happen. But they do not have attentive, polite waiters. If ONE waiter would have listened to us early on or checked up on our table that ONLY had scallion pancakes (isn't that weird) we would have resolved this problem a lot quicker.
Can I give this place a 6*?! We went here after going the night session of the US Open since it is only one more stop on the subway. I love Shanghai soup dumplings, but my wife is not the biggest fan of them (she loves all other dim sum), so I was certainly going to get those dumplings when I came with her cousin. We ordered 2 six packs of the shanghai dumplings along with cucumbers for postering sake. They were really good. Her cousin was raving about it and how we had to add this onto our US Open tradition.
This place is always packed but the wait is never very long. THE SOUP DUMPLINGS ARE AMAZING. YOU WILL CRAVE IT! The price is so cheap too and they have a laege variety to choose from. This place makes putting up with the traffic worth it, it is that good! My aunt and I ate here were stuffed and didn't even spend 30 bucks
Someone help me, I cannot stop eating here. Their "soup dumplings" put Joe Shanghai's to shame. Their crispy noodles with chicken have a crunch and a kick to die for. Their scallion pancakes have the right balance of flavors. I really cannot say enough. The best places are often hole in the wall ones such as these. Highly recommend!
Ordered the crab and pork soup dumpling....verrrrry delicious and hot! (Temp-wise which = fresh). The scalion pancake with beef was ok, but different. Service was great, and will come back for sure!
Cheap Eats. I came here twice within a a month. Good food. May be a little oily. The soup dumplings are a staple. Must order them with or without crab meat. The beef noodles were my type of spicy but it was too oily. Scallion Pancakes were decent. The oyster sause may have ruined the taste. Lo Mien was BOMB. And the peanut sause steamed dumplings were delicious .
So I have joined the battlefield between this place and Joe's Shanghai. Here's my verdict.XLB: Unfortunately, Joe's Shanghai wins, but just barely. Everything was almost exactly the same, except two things. The soup has a lot more MSG in JS (NX wins this one), but the skin in NX is much more thicker, to a point if you let it cool down it will turn hard. The latter part is a bigger factor for me as I'm a slow eater. We ordered two rounds of XLB and by the time I started the second time the skin was already hard.Other food: This place has a lot more variety for my non-pork eating mom and grandma compared to JS, and they tasted much better as well. Scallion pancakes, beef tripe, and the veggie dumplings were some of the other things we ordered, along with chicken wine and beef noodles. All were tasty and enjoyed by us all.So who won this battle? Well I guess it depends on who I'm with. I'll go back to JS if I'm not with my mom or grandma next time I'm in NYC. If I am, this place works for me as well.
Came here the other day after not having been here in a while and WOW the XLB (soup dumplings) got smaller and there was lack of pork in the Shanghai fried noodles. It looks like I got soy sauce stir fried noodles. I think there are better competitors out there now on Main Street and in Bayside.
If I were living in this area, I would go here for dinner almost every night. A variety of delicious, authentic Chinese food for amazing price. You pay a little over $20 for three dishes and two people will have very satisfying portion. I would definitely come back here! *Cash Only.
My friends and I all agree this is the best xiao long bao in Flushing!Turnip puffs are nice treat also.Try the cold appetizer of spicy beef!!!Lots of room now available since they expanded.
Went there for brunch on a Sunday morning approximately 11-ish.  Real quick seating, with virtually no wait time.  This place is the typical Flushing spot, no frills decor, semi-cordial service, but fast and straight to the point.  I had the obligatory xiao long bao, scallion pancakes with beef and the spicy beef noodle soup.  Everything was tasty, especially the soup dumplings.  The missing star is for the soup spoons were too small for the xiao long boas, the broth for the beef noodles wasnt as hot as I would have preferred.  I would visit again
Never had soup dumplings. Yeah I know. Craving dumplings in the area the likes of Prosperity in Chinatown, came across this place. Upon reading their specialty is soup dumplings I had to give it a try. Seated immediately with a few patrons. The most common thing on most tables were the dumplings and scallion pancake. Great. Got steamed pork buns and pan fried dumplings.(It being called steamed pork buns threw me off a little.)Pan fried came really quick ... Like too quick but were pretty okay, none like the magical ones I've had before but decent. Then came the soup dumplings, since being a noobie I glanced at the other table to see the best way to eat it.Delicious soup and skin wasn't doughy, easy to break through and enjoy.Worth the experience and glad they set the bar for me.
Best Soup Dumplings in New York!! Service - if Chris is your waiter, he'll take great care of you. Soft spoken and extremely kind. Place is open late and if you get there before the dumpling makers leave they'll serve you. Scallion pancake sliced beef is delicious. Get the traditional pork soup dumplings and the pan fried dumplings. Pork chop noodle soup and seafood crispy noodles are great for sharing. Don't waste your time at the over priced spots in manhattan. This is the go to!!
I was a little skeptical b/c of the hype and the lines out the door and the high percentage of non-Chinese customers. But, we had a really solid meal and I plan to go back this weekend.I'm not a soup dumpling expert, but I thought these were really good. The skin seemed a little thick to me, but the broth was nice and hot and the flavor was balanced.We also had seafood w/ crispy noodles, rice cake w/ chicken, scallion pancakes, scallion pancakes stuffed with beef, and fried pork dumplings. Everything was above average or really great. My favorites were the crispy noodles and scallion pancakes. Honestly, I ate the scallion pancakes and understood what every other scallion pancake was striving for. The ones stuffed with beef were a bit too much for me, but everyone else loved them. The rice cake dish was also very good. Um, I didn't try the pork dumplings b/c my nephew finished them before I even realized they had arrived.We went on a Saturday evening and the wait was less than 15 minutes. If you find that you have to wait for a while, I suggest sending someone from you party two blocks down the street to White Bear for some wontons with chili oil to eat while you wait. Parking is always an issue in this area. We lucked out and got a spot in the municipal lot across the street. If all else fails, park at SkyView Mall for $3 and walk.
I am sure that you heard a lot about this famous restaurant. They always have the best soup dumplings that people love ever. The soup dumplings (crab and pork) would definitely make you all feel so yummy and warm whenever is right time for you all. Love sucking soup from the top of the dumpling where you ate first before eating whole dumpling. That's what people did that way traditionally. Beef scallion pancake is very delicious and sweet food!  Sweet soy milk soup is very good and for my breakfast time. :-)I hope you really enjoy it!
This place deserves a 0-1 star, I have been here so many times but the last time I ate here it was by far the worst experience. We got our crispy pan fried noodles and a cockroach!!! WTF?! Girlfriend, Called the waiter over and told them discreetly... We continue eating the other dishes we ordered. Our crispy noodles comes back!! But this time the noodles is not crispy at all?!? Geez I wonder why??? They gave us back the same noodles!!! WTF??! Tried to lie to us saying they threw out the old order but sorry can't believe you!! Bad zombie waiter service!! I usually don't care but don't lie and serve back a dish with a cockroach! Come'on man!!Take that garbage back!! No thanks and will not come back!! This restaurant can pay Yelp to remove or hide this post!! But if I can save another from this horrible experience then it is worth my time posting it!!!!!
Always have great soup dumplings. And cheap.But horrible service: they bring it food separately. I had a dumpling coming out when I was waiting for a check.
We needed a filling meal before attending the US Open, so I was glad we had the chance to try Nan Xiang. We arrived around 12:30PM on a Monday and waited for no more than 10 minutes. The menu is only two pages, so it was quick deciding which items to order. Of course, we get one order of the pork xiao long baos, along with Shanghai shao mai, scallion pancake with sliced beef, and crispy noodles with shredded chicken.The crispy noodles came to the table first. They were definitely crispy and crunchy prior to mixing with the overly salty, yet savory sauce. There were a lot of napa cabbage shreds, but chicken and mushroom were definitely lacking.The scallion pancake with sliced beef was extremely greasy, but very crispy and delicious. Thin beef slices were paired with Hoisin sauce, I think. The pancake itself was very starchy and filling. The Shanghai shao mai was very filling as well because the Shanghai version is made with glutinous rice. (I'm more familiar with Cantonese versions made with only meat.)And lastly, the most anticipated dish for this restaurant visit, finally arrives about 15 minutes after our first dish. The XLBs are made fresh to order, and they were HUGE! You're even given a pair of tongs to pick them up. They barely fit on the spoon, and when breaking the skin to release all the soup, the soup practically fills the whole spoon! Soup is delicious and flavorful, as well as the juicy pork ball. We were thinking of getting another order, but we didn't have the time to wait.Our total was $23, including tax and tip, so it comes to $11.50/person, which I must say is a great deal for lunch!
It was a busy Friday night but we only had about a twenty minute wait and it was well worth it. We had a few appetizers and soup Dumplings (the best! Even got an extra order!) as well as our entrees and everything was excellent and very well priced .
Yum yum yum! My mouth is already watering from thinking about this place. My friend and I were craving soup dumplings on a Sunday afternoon, so with a little bit of help from Yelp and Eddie Huang, we came across this place. :)We arrived around 2PM and waited about 15 minutes to get seated. We took a look at the menu (which conveniently had pictures) and were fixed on getting pork soup dumplings, seafood crispy noodle, scallion pancake with beef, and two orange sodas (boo to sink water). Pork soup dumplings: Jesus Christ. I don't even care if I look like an idiot trying to open my small mouth wide open to fit this delicious dumpling into my mouth. Well worth it. Especially after giving it a nice sauna in the soy sauce and letting it cool down after a minute (high-five if you get my reference). Seafood crispy noodle: Yummy! I liked the texture of the gooey and savory seafood against the crispness of the noodle. Nice balance. Tastes like a snack though haha. Delicious nonetheless.Scallion pancake with beef: Ok. I like my scallion pancakes with more... Scallion. But the beef was good and so was the brown sauce. Would've preferred it with more scallion though!Food was solid. Service was ok, but was quick to bring out orders. I just wish they accepted card. My friend and I were short of cash, so........ We couldn't tip. I PROMISE I'LL DOUBLE TIP NEXT TIME SO PLEASE DON'T NOT SEAT ME. Because your food is amazing and I definitely would return. :'(
scallion beef roll is the best. get the salty soy milk and the oil donut to dip it in. sour salty soft and crunchy. of course their soup dumplings are a must. the skin is super thin, and each bite is just perfect. service leaves more to be desired. but....it's flushing so it's adequate
Compared the dumpling quality from when it first opened to now, the quality declined.  Nonetheless still delicious.  Kind of hard calling the waiter when it's super crowded (I awkwardly chased after him once).  They used to give you a little saucer of black vinegar and ginger but now they give you a saucer with ginger and you pour the vinegar yourself (that small vessel on the side of the table is not soy sauce).  Not all tables have this so sometimes you will have to share the love.  In all honesty this is not the best xiaolong bao place in flushing but it's pretty darn good and I'd come here if I'm in main street.
It was a kind of weird experience with the language barrier (not all the people working there speak english) and I kind of felt like an outcast with all the other asian people eating there together, speaking various other languages and I felt like the only spanish guy within a 2 mile radius of the place at the time. But the food is great and the service was good. I tried the udon noodles which were awesome and a good large portion size, a circular bamboo steamer full of thin steamed pork buns which had an amazing flavor, as well as a plate of pan fried pork buns which had a nice thick dough outer shell with the perfect consistency. If they took the liquidy pork center of the thin steamed version and combined it with the nice outer shell of the pan fried version they would have the perfect pork bun in my opinion. Or you can buy both like I did and have a feast. Would recommend this place to anyone thats visiting or lives in the area.
Best soup dumplings in Flushing period.  You can barely go wrong with anything on the menu and watching the ladies make the soup dumplings from scratch is a treat.
My FAVORITE soup dumpling place besides the originals in China! Ugh it's just perfection... Some people say it's a little too oily and then there's that complain that the line on weekends are out the door (though they've expanded)... But I still say 5 stars because it sure is tasty! The cold appetizers like glutinous dough and the rice cakes are also amongst my favorite dishes there. Yummmyy
This rating is simply for Terrible service. Young lady had the nerve to chase customers out of the restaurant charging additional tip on top of what was already given. Never coming back again.
My family and I have been here a few times and the food is always delicious!!! The soup dumpling's meat and soup were extremely hot and flavorful. In addition, to the soup dumplings we had an assortment of noodles which were delicious and I would highly recommend the noodles. Overall the food was excellent and every time I come here the food is constantly excellent.
The food here is delicious and definitely worth trying. I had the Shanghai Noodles with Chicken and a order of regular soup dumplings and the crab meat dumplings. The soup that were in the dumplings was hot and the meat inside was tender. I'd give this place 5 stars but I still would prefer Joe's Shanghai over this place, and we had to remind a waitress 20 minutes in about our order.
So much good food for so cheap!!Nothing I can say to complement their awesomeness.However be wary of the soy sauce, it's super vinegary
The food is good.  It really is, the soup dumplings and shanghai pan fried udon is to die for but as they say, ignorance is bliss.  The last time I ventured in this establishment I heard rats in the ceiling scampering around and squeaking.  I genuinely love the food but I have to rethink about coming back here.
Having been here a time or two (or ten), I've got something to say about you, Nan Xiang Dumpling House.The succulent soup-filled dumpling (otherwise known as xiao long bao) is a double-edged sword which can only be mastered through years of practice and experience. As you pierce the skin, a waterfall of soup will pour out, scalding your unprepared mouth while washing your taste buds with a overload of savory goodness that will keep you coming back for more. This burn is merely one's initiation into the xiao long bao club as there will be many more to come.Back to the actual restaurant, Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are pretty bomb, but I've gotta give them a 4.5/5. I grew up on Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings and these simply don't cut it for me. They're good, but they lack the savoriness that I crave in a xiao long bao and as many chances as I give this place, their dumplings fall a little short every time.That said, it is usually a toss-up between this place and Joe's depending on personal tastes and I wholeheartedly recommend you try them out.
If gmama wants xiao long bao then gmama gets its! Waited for 30 minutes to be seated, then another 25 minutes to be served. Food is good, but the service and wait time sucked. We ordered the sweet soy milk, with chinese donut, and the xiao long bao to share. The food was enjoyable but the wait was just too long. ENJOY!
Eat here. Trust me,  you won't regret it.  Pros: The most delicious soup dumplings that have ever touched my tastebudsCons: awkward seating arrangements with strangers 3inches from you. Verdict: Must try
This is solely for the beef role.  I waited 30 minutes for this thing, but it was worth it.  The pancake was thick and perfect in texture.  The beef was only one slice thick, but was so flavorful, that this was definitely enough for me.  I think the sauce was simply hoisin, and though I'm sure they could've gotten a little fancier on this, they didn't really need to since it complimented the roll rather well as is.One thing:  They're extremely popular, so placing the order took awhile.  Also picking it up took almost 10min, b/c although my order was sitting there, large groups were taken care of before I could pick it up.  Anyways, you never go to an Asian restaurant for the service.  I would come back to this restaurant for the beef roll.
Delicious soup dumplings is all you need and want here. Ok you can also get the beef scallion pancakes and rice noodles. Come here early to avoid the crowd. Still considered one of the best XLB in NY in my opinion.
Wow...they've been Michelin approved for many years, impressive, but that doesn't sway my opinion.My friends I came here specifically to try their Shanghai (soup) dumplings. We ordered that, an order of Shengjian bao (huge pan fried dumplings), and pig ears as an appetizer. The Shanghai dumplings were average; the skins were a little thicker than what I prefer. The soup inside was okay, but the pork filling was missing something that I couldn't quite place my finger on. Oh well. The Shengjian bao were humongous. The skins were extra thick and doughy. They looked like pan fried pork buns to me. They were interesting to eat though, because I've never had them before. The pig ears were served cold in some sort of chili oil. They were pretty good--chewy and spicy. Service was pretty slow and not very attentive. Felt like the entire establishment was a little overrated for me; not sure what all the fuss is about.
Best Chinese food in the country. No wait and much better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan.Soup dumplings are juicy and flavorful. If I lived here in NY I will be a regular here. Hands down its the best in NY. Stop reading the rest of the reviews and try it for yourself.
Yum yum. I really like the xiao long bao here. Now, here's a pro tip--the crab and pork xiao long bao and just pork xiao long bao pretty much taste the same. So if you want to save money, I'd recommend just ordering the pork xiao long bao.Oh I thought the tongs that come along with the xiao long bao is pretty innovative as it helps moving the dumplings into the soup spoon. If you are not that well versed with delicately using chopsticks for grabbing the soup dumplings, the tongs certainly help.
At first glance, it's looks like a small restaurant but it actually has two more rooms adjacent to the main one. Nonetheless, it's still really crowded!! We got here around 2 and we had to wait 10 minutes (which isn't bad at all considering the rave this place has). The menu conveniently has pictures and is easy to read. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef, pork fried buns, crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and shui mai. My first impression for all the food is how oily and greasy it is.  The scallion pancake with beef had so much oil that it was pooling on the plate. I came here for the huge rave about the soup dumplings but maybe it was just me and I was having a bad day or something but the dumplings tasted like nothing special. But I did overall enjoy the crab ones. Shui Mai was basically sticky rice, pork buns were good but greasy. Overall, filling but I don't plan on returning.
This place is another Xiao Long Bao place that I tried. Not bad but also not good at the same time. Nothing special. My point is that if I have to pay for food, it better taste at least in similar level or better than my own cooking. I rather to goto the food court a block away because at least I don't have to pay the tip and additional tax on the food that already cost a bit more but not really better.
This place definitely captured my heart in an instant. It was as close to love at first sight as you can get. I've passed by this place numerous times and never once thought about going in. My boyfriend and I arrived at around 10AM on a Saturday and was immediately seated. However, there was already a pack of people there before us and a hefty line was starting to form as we finished eating. We ordered one order of the crab meat & pork soup dumplings and WOW.. we were definitely caught way off guard. It was super soupy and delicious and the filling was so tender and warm. Next off was the rice cake. My boyfriend usually isn't a fan of rice cake but this is the first dish that he couldn't stop picking at himself! (Please believe me when I say that when my boyfriend does not like something even the tiniest amount- that he makes a dramatic show out of chopsticks hitting everything but the food) but this did not happen even once during our entire time here. The beef noodle soup from what I remember (as I myself couldn't stop digging into the rice cake) had the perfect amount of spiciness and went down very smoothly. It was quite refreshing drinking the broth after munching on a bunch of rice cake.
My expectations were raised from so many people claiming that these XLBs were the best in NY. After trying them, I would say they are very good but it's debatable whether or not they're the best in the city. We got the ones with crab meat and pork - the skin had the right  thickness and the flavors were on point.  4/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… The scallion pancake with beef was disappointing. They were nothing like the beef rolls I've had in LA. This version had only 1 pathetic looking, thinly sliced piece of beef laid in the middle of the pancake. And that one piece of beef wasn't even long enough to cover the pancake from end to end! The scallion pancake itself was extremely doughy and bland.  I couldn't decide whether the hoisin sauce made this dish better or worse. I would call this a poor man's beef roll. 2/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… We also got rice cake w mixed seafood. Not bad but quite oily. I don't understand why so many restaurant make this dish oily - I know it's possible to make it flavorful without putting in so much oil cuz I've had it. Theirs weren't as oily as Joe's Shanghai though, so I was thankful for that at least. 3/5 yelp.com/user_local_phot… The place is small but attracts a lot of tourists as it's featured in the Michelin Guide. So there's usually a wait.  As we were trying to enter there were some tourists trying to drag their suitcases out of the restaurant - not an easy feat given how narrow the entrance is. Not worth the hassle for me.FYI, Menu: yelp.com/user_local_phot…
The steam soup dumping was great but be careful , cause when mine came 4 out of 6 has no soup inside , I thought was normal  , that I asked the waitress , she said to tell them so they could replace it , what I try to say is if u look like a tourist they will give u the broken one with no soup in it !
stumbled upon this place. totally auth flushing experience. i hope it stays in business. it would be a shame if a taco bell opened in its place.rice cake & cucumbers are top choice appetizers. byob as far as i can tell.
This place definitely has some delicious Shanghai food. However, "the best soup dumpling of NYC" title is very subjective. I still feel like Joe's Shanghai has more flavorful soup dumplings.What I love about their soup dumplings is that the skin is super sturdy and will not break. Furthermore, the soup is very clear and does not have the greasy porky taste of most soup dumplings. Their other dishes are standard. The rice cakes are a must try!
There was a line to be seated and we were told 20 mins, we got seated in about 5 mins. Sat down to tea being poured right away. Placed our order and our food came out fast ! (Although not all of it came out together) this place runs like well oiled machine. Food: spicey beef and tripe (yikes) it was my first time trying tripe it was ok, didn't taste like much. It was a little chewy. The dish had very good spice I just didn't like it being cold, so I only tried it once and I was good. Veggie dumplings were ok a little bland. Pan fried pork buns were awesome ! Came out super hot and had a crunchy bottom. Udon noodles were great if you like lomein I would definitely suggest ordering the pan fried udon noodles it's like lomein on steroids. Beef scallion pancake was also very good, flaky, and super flavorful with hoisin sauce inside. (Both the noodles and pancakes were slightly on the oily side) soup dumplings were great and also very hot. seafood soup is a very good deal for the price for around $7 you get a huge bowl of soup filled with noodles and a variety of seafood like shrimp and scallops. The broth was delicious and the shrimp were cooked perfectly and not rubbery. Service was prompt, tea was constantly being refilled, everyone just seems to love this place (kids included). You will have to ask for forks if you can't use chopsticks. I will definitely be back.
The waitress totally ruined my diner. I come thank to the michelin guide. First impression was good. The place is crowded. The order is taken fast. But after she never come with the tea. We had to beg her for it. Same thing with the sauce but we get it from other costumers. Then a part of our meal didn't come. That was enough,  the please and next. I will rather chose again Galaxy Dumplings than this place. The overall experience is much better.
I went there because people have been telling me how authentic the soup dumpling is. I was really excited to try it but was slightly disappointed in the end (maybe my expectation was too high). The skin was well done but the flavor could be elevated. That being said, I loved the soy milk. The rice cake was not bad but slightly greasy. Note: CASH ONLY.
it is one of the most reliable dumpling houses in New York City. The crowds are pretty ridiculous in the evenings and on the weekends but things move pretty quickly. The service is spotty but that should be a given with the volume they make and you just need to be a little more pushy than usual.
I visited Nan Xiang as part of a Flushing dumpling tour. It was definitely my favorite spot. It feels more authentic than Joe's Shanghai. It's not gigantic, but wasn't too crowded and was clean. Also it's the place with the Chinese signs and all the Michelin and Zagat stickers in the windows in case you aren't sure if you found the right spot.The food was great. The soup dumplings are piping hot and have a thin skin with a very savory filling. The crab and pork dumplings are very savory, but there were some small bits of shell in some of our dumplings. Not really too big of a deal. The pork dumplings have a bacon porky taste, which is incredible. They also make the best scallion pancakes I have ever had. They are crispy and light, not greasy or dense like most places. We also got hot soy milk, which would have probably been better with the The service was decent. But the price was great. We had 5 orders of soup dumplings and two of scallion pancakes with beers and soy milk for under $50. Really delicious meal too.
Didn't compare to the hype. Very greasy and slimy, I would stick to chinatown or even Vanessas dumplings to be honest. Service was rushed and uninterested.
Cheaper and quicker place to go if you want soup dumplings on a winter evening, and don't want to wait for a seat in Joe's Shanghai for dinner. They are just as good as ones you get at Joe's.Their spicy pig ear cold appetizer is a good side dish to share, but all else is pretty average. Don't expect to go in asking too many questions or for recommendations, service is efficient and to the point, but English, like many places in flushing, is barely understood here.
This restaurant had great dim sum and the service was okay. The soup dumplings were my favorite! Overall this place is a good spot, but the only true downside is that they only accept cash.
The service is pretty typical snappy and not happy but the beef scallion pancakes are amazing and so are the pork and crab soup dumplings so i'm willing to put up with a sour face
Way better than Joe's for the little lantern dumplings, and a wider selection of side dishes as well!
We only waited 20 minutes. Staff was friendly, food was amazing. Definitely worth the trip! We'll be back again :)
Can't believe we took the metro on our layover in NYC to get some good food!  We love good food and know NYC has them!  Given our time constraint, we decided to go into Flushing and try this restaurant. I have to say I'm a bit disappointed.  The XLBs were good but everything else was ok and disappointing including the scallion pancake with sliced beef and stir fried noodles..Cash only!
The food was decent. My friend and I ordered the scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, and the crispy seafood noodles. The soup dumplings were good in flavor, however the scallion pancakes were a little burnt and oily. Not much to say about the crispy seafood noodles as they were as expected. Service was not great as the waiters do not come check up on you or refill your tea unless you request for them. Not a deal breaker. If you just want soup dumplings, then get the soup dumplings.
Yes, I know there's a "C" restaurant inspection in the window outside.Yes, I also know it's always incredibly crowded and the wait can be up to 30 minutes on the weekends.But, Nan Xiang Dumpling House still deserves 5 stars because how amazing the food always is. The xiaolongbao (soup dumplings)--with their delicate, thin skin and rich soup-- are probably my favorite in the entirety of NYC. You won't find shriveled, mushy xiaolongbao here ever. I'm also a huge fan of their "langbu" (cold dishes/appetizers). My favorites are the jellyfish and radish (though the jellyfish to radish ratio is a bit off), the spicy beef tendon, and the cucumbers and garlic dishes. Perfect for a semi-balanced meal considering you're about inhale a ton of meat and carbs.Also try their soup noodles if you're in the mood for something even more filing and warm--the shredded pork and salted cabbage option is #1 in my book. But the dry noodles with chili oil and beef also rocks!Just be patient and polite and the service will be great! Don't be rude. Guy code.
First off, the food is so good. I require at least one trip to this place every time I'm back from college. The food is filling and good (but at times heavy). The cold dishes are good, but my favorites will always be Xiao Long Bao (steamed pork dumplings with soup) and beef wrapped in pancake. Yum! The "spicy wontons" weren't spicy in the least. The sesame sauce was sweet and nothing like the spicy wontons I had in Asia, which were really spicy. But that is the only food complaint I have. Service is spotty. There were times when the staff was very attentive and we had great service. Other times staff was careless and brusque since there was a lot of business and didn't have time to pay attention to us. I'd say DEFINITELY go for the food. Just don't expect to be treated like the only ones there. You'll definitely leave full and happy.
My family often tells me that I'm a terrible Chinese daughter.  Not because I'm disrespectful or stay out past my curfew or date non-Chinese boys but because I have a sometimes strong aversion to Chinese food.  Pick any other cuisine and I'm down for it (unless its Ethopian.  Not a huge fan of the tang).I had plenty of good food in New York but Nan Xiang Dumpling House was my favorite.  Weird right?  It's Chinese!  It's cheap, delicious, and makes me want to eat vats of everything.  It was 26 degrees one fine weekend in New York (I hear that temperature is not too uncommon) and slightly snowing.  The Boy and I wanted to eat something scrumptious and put something warm in our belly.  The last time I was in New York, I went to another xiao long bao place and was satisfied.  I wanted that experience again.We drove here, parked in the Target parking lot and then walked over (3 free hours of parking??  Seems unheard of!).  This place is unassuming and we almost walked right past it.  You walk inside and not to be totally racist, but there were a lot of Chinese people enjoying a meal in there.  Ah, it must be pretty good...or at least cheap.  And it was REALLY good.  AND IT WAS CHEAP.  We had the (excuse my ignorance) fried donut strip things with the soy milk dipping sauce.  We each had one serving but we could've easily done one to share.  I then chose xiao long bao and the beef tendon noodle soup (spicy).  The former came with soy sauce & ginger and the latter came with pickled (garlicky?) vegetables.  If I could fit more dumplings in my tummy, I would've.  If I could've eaten the vat of vegetables, I would've.  We did manage to polish off 3/4 of the vat they brought us; I'm pretty sure that's poor form.  Everything was delicious and all that food cost less than $20.  Seriously??  When the Boy asked me how much tip to give, I told him to give LOTS.  ...which was like $5.  Can't wait to come back to New York; not for the people (that's what I'm pretty sure I'm supposed to say) or the hot dogs or the pee smelling Subway but for this place instead.
I stopped into Nan Xiang Dumpling House having never had an Asian dumpling in my life. I'm glad I did. Nan Xiang Dumpling House sits amid a lot a restaurants that all look the same, a quite Yelp search steered me to Xiang.After a quick look at the menu I ordered the Pork & Crab soup dumplings and the Scallion Pancake Beef Roll. Complimentary hot tea is also served. The pancakes arrived first which honestly didn't look very interesting. One bite changed that, the seasoning and beef were excellent. Tender with a bit of tartness it was unlike anything I had eaten. Beef wrapped in some sort of scallion pastry. My only issue with the dish was the pastry that the beef was wrapped in, it was a bit thick and heavy. I would have preferred the same dish but with a thinner lighter wrapping. Still I thoroughly enjoined the dish. Next came the soup dumplings. Like the scallion beef pancakes had never had a soup dumpling. The 6 dumplings arrived in a steamer basket. A word of warning, there is extremely hot broth inside the dumpling, place a dumpling in your spoon and bit off the top or place it on its side in your spoon and bite the side, which allows to broth to run into your spoon. Place the dumpling in your plate, add a little ginger and black vinegar to the broth, amazing stuff. By now the dumpling has cooled just a bit, very good!Note: Cash Only. Inexpensive and fast service makes Nan Xiang Dumpling House a great stop for lunch.
Waiting time is very long. And it has been three time that what I wanted was not ordered by the waiter. Food is good but service is really terrible.
The soup dumpling here is just ok. The dumpling skin was a little thick for me and the soup inside taste just ok, a little sour I don't know why. Scallion pancake wasn't a good choice as it had no flavor at all and no sauce to dip with it. As for me it's too thick. The good thing here was this place wasn't too crowded and me and my friend got a table quick. The service here was a 3 stars because there were only a few servers here, I didn't get my tea filled when I finished it. So there is a total 3 stars for all.
I've been on a quest for the ideal soup dumpling, and this spot has it. Arrived around 7pm on a rainy Monday night and the restaurant was packed. We were lucky enough to get the last empty table in the place and within seconds we had hot tea in our cups and the waitress was ready to take our order. We decided to peruse the menu for a little bit before ordering. The three of us decided to order a few things to share. We ordered scallion pancakes, both types of soup dumplings, wontons in spicy sauce, and pan fried dumplings. The other person in our party ordered the noodles with scallion sauce. Everything was incredible. The scallion pancakes were very fluffy. The wontons in spicy sauce had the slightest kick with this amazing sesame taste and I'm addicted. The pan fried dumplings were awesome. And lastly, the soup dumplings. I've tried about 4 places in Flushing for these things and this place has the best around. We were served very quickly and everything came out hot, fresh, and delicious. Our total bill came to $33 for 3 people. Such a good deal.
I hate myself for always pigging out at this place. There's so many options, I can't help but to try a little of everything. Scallion pancakes with beef- amazing. Dumplings- amazing. Rice cake- amazing. You get the point. And sharing a table with strangers is a plus. You never know who you'll sit next to. Waiters could be a little more attentive. But it's hard to notice when you're two chopsticks deep in noodles.
Cash only is kind of annoying.That fact aside, I didn't think the pork soup dumplings were anything super special.  I would not go out of my way to come here (which I did, as going to Flushing is usually out of the way for most people). The staff was kind of rude as well. Just ehh for me.
When I dragged my boyfriend to Flushing for a historic homes holiday tour a few weeks ago I had to promise him I'd find soup dumplings. Yelp to the rescue! Found this gem of a place (which I later found out is the go-to soup dumpling place for most of my friends) and was not disappointed.First: oh dear lord please don't try to drive here! You will spend hours looking for parking, and the Main St. Flushing 7 stop is only a few blocks away. Wait it out on the train and save yourself the arguments.Now the good stuff: Their scallion pancake is delicious! A bit greasy, but that's fine by me. It's super crispy which is definitely better than some of the limp ones I've had in my past.We also ordered a noodle and beef dish, which was tasty but I found the sauce to be a bit thick and sweet for my taste. The boyfriend gobbled it up though.Finally, the soup dumplings (we got pork). This was my first experience with soup dumplings. Let's just say it was a struggle for me to figure out how to eat it. I think next time I need to watch a youtube video. I did however, watch a guy tackle these expertly at the table next to ours and tried to mimic him. I think I just don't have the finesse, I spilled most of my soup on the spoon and my lap. Thankfully I managed to slurp up enough to know that this place has AMAZEBALLS soup dumplings. I'm addicted and planning a reunion visit for after the holidays. Go!
Our first two dinners were great, so my wife and I returned for a third meal. Service was good but the meal was just ok. Instead of the standard, excellent soup dumings, we ordered pork and vegetable dumplings in a spicy peanut sauce. The flavor was good, but oily. The noodles with shredded beef was tasty, but actually finding beef was a challenge. I still give it 4 - stars based on the three visits. Big bonus for low prices!
Tasty dumpling house ! I ordered xiao long bao (crab + pork ). I guess the flavor is good, theres enough meat and they put shredded ginger on it. The skin is a little bit to thick and its kind of hard to eat it in one bite. Other than that, everything is good.Vegetable dumpling. Slightly bland, not so flavorful than the xiao long bao. The skin is way to thick for me. Pork dumpling in a spicy sauce. OMG. I love this. my favorite of all. They were served in a bowl and submered with very2 savory, sweet, sour and spicy sauce. The pork itself is not very porky. However, the dumpling is a little overcook for me, it just need 15 seconds less. But this dumpling is a must try!.When you first come in, they will give you hot tea, and the service is not bad.
I've always knew of this spot but the wait is always too long. Came on a rainy Saturday and there was no line, yay!Nothing compares to din tai fongs soup dumplings. But these are definitely better than joe shanghais pork dumplings (I prefer the crab dumplings there). Anyways the dumplings are just what you expect out of pork dumplings. Not too greasy and the skin is just the right thicknessScallion pancakes with beef is tasty, they also put some of that Peking duck sauce on it which makes the combination even better. Rice cakes tasted just like typical shanghainese style stir fried rice cake. Overall food is what you'd expect. I will be coming back! (If there's not a crazy long line) would love to try the breakfast foods!
This place is known for its soup dumplings and they don't disappoint. I've gone to the original in China and its comparable and you really can't find much better in NYC. The soup is delicious and the dumpling skins are not too thin or too thick. The meat is also great, but if you're really a soup dumpling fan its all about that piping hot soup! They get 4 stars instead of 5 bc aside from the soup dumplings, not many things jump off the menu. The service is also lacking, but expected at a Chinese place like this. That also goes for the interior design and ambience. Definitely don't come here expecting Michelin star quality service and a bathroom attendant.
I suppose I had set my expectations too high when I came to Nan Xiang. I've heard from multiple people that this place blew Joe's Shanghai out of the water! I live in Brooklyn and when I crave soup dumplings, I'm happy heading over to Chinatown for some. I don't mind that Joe's is crowded and touristy. Heading out to Flushing is a little bit of a hassle. If you've got a car, you have to take the BQE all the way to the end. And if you're not in a car, prepare to take the train for 1.5 hrs or more. The Chinese buses provide another option for just $4 per person each way. So when I go out of my way to Flushing, I guess I am psyching myself up for something amazing!To my delight, Nan Xiang was decidedly unpacked last weekend. It was not crowded, there were no tourists and we were seated promptly! My group ordered a round of sweet soy milk and happily guzzled it all down while we waited for our food. To judge Nan Xiang properly against Joe's, we ordered the same things we normally would. What I got was not what I had expected.Crab soup dumplings - much better as compared to Joe's! Not as fishy tasting either!Pork soup dumplings - I'm leaning in slight favor of Joe's because I think their broth is better.Scallion pancakes - Joe's scallion pancakes are 100x better than Nan Xiang. There was hardly any scallion in my pancakes at all and not flakey whatsoever.Fried beef udon - pretty much about the same everywhereSome other things we tried here that I don't normally get at Joe's were a cucumber and garlic dish that was SO GOOD and another dish that had mushrooms which was also really tasty. The service was much better than Joe's. They weren't pushy at all, or rushing us, and actually let us sit and enjoy our food! AND! My party of 9 people paid about $11 per head for dinner. Now that is a stealllll!!All in all, it was definitely worth the trip out to Flushing to try once but I don't know if I would come here again because it was sooooo far out there.  If I was craving soup dumplings on a weekend when I know Joe's would be PACKED, maybe. If I lived in Queens, probably. But I'm a Brooklyn girl!
Although this place is known for its xiaolongbao (soup dumplings), I REALLY REALLY LOVE their Shanghai pork & vegetable wonton soup. It's by far my favorite dish here.Other menu items are less stellar, but still, it's a good approximation for Shanghai brunch foods. It's definitely worth the trip into Flushing.However, I'm taking off a star because how my most recent experience went:Me: I want the fried pancakes.Server: Sorry we don't have that.Me: How about drunken chicken?Server: That's also not available.Me: Wait, what do you have then? Did we come at a bad time?Server: Sorry, the menu you're looking at is outdated. We no longer serve that.Me: Ok, how about Shanghai wonton soup? I know you must have that.Server: Actually... you'll have to wait 30 minutes for that. The guy who's in charge of making the wontons is still on his way.Me: ... We'll wait.(The restaurant opens at 8AM and we were there at 11:30AM when we were told the wonton master isn't in yet.. T_T)
Food just ok, but service is terrible, waitress so rube, attitude so bad, no manner at all... come here just cause of food but some waitress are bad
I feel dirty putting this blasphemy on the record. But the best xiao long bao's I've ever had (including in my family's hometown of Shanghai) was at the Din Tai Fung in Shanghai- an upscaley Taiwanese joint in a bougie expat neighborhood. My grandparents are rolling in their graves. I'm putting that out there because I just don't think a lot of mainland Chinese establishments put the requisite amount of care and effort into their XLBs anymore (whether in China or abroad). With these low expectations of Chinese restaurants in mind, I think Nan Xiang has done a decent job with their XLBs. They're still a bit oversized ("authentic" ones in Shanghai are probably 2/3 the size), but they have a fair amount of tasty soup and the skin is nice and thin/delicate. My relatives seem to be able to taste the hint of crab in the crabmeat ones- but given that Nan Xiang puts so little crab in they crabmeat soup dumplings, I generally just opt for the pork ones. With real crabmeat soup dumplings (not here), you'll get a very nice savory crabmeat flavor. All in all though, the XLBs here are probably the best I've tasted in NY (although again, still not on the same level as Din Tai Fung).Don't fill up on just the XLBs though! There are plenty of other items here that are perhaps even more noteworthy. One of my favorites is the stir fried mustard green with pork rice cakes. Relatively light compared to the other mixed meat/seafood rice cake option- but I really love how the mustard green cuts right into the pork flavor. And who doesn't love chewy savory stir fried rice cakes?! The wontons here are also great. The wontons are nice and petite (as they should be! none of that wonton on steroids crap that a lot of Chinese restaurants are serving up. bigger is not better. at least when it comes to wontons.) and served in a savory dried seaweed egg drop soup. The pan fried buns/dumplings (sheng jian man tou) here are probably some of the better ones I've had in NY-- a good choice if you're looking for a pan fried dumpling option. The XLBs still have a leg up on their pan fried cousins though- as the pan fried option could use a bit more soup in them. The various stir fried green veggies are all nicely done- a good complement to all the meat. And finally order a few of the flakey red bean pastries to end on a sweet note. Flaky sesame tops with a very generous helping of red bean paste. Yum.Service is generally rushed (expected given the crowds), but respectful enough. Have had Shanghainese staff a couple of times, not sure who the owners are. But pretty safe to say not strictly Shanghainese anymore. CASH only.
best soup dumplings around .... pork and crab are my favorite !! a must try when in NY ... place is always packed with locals, staff is nice and place never disappoints
My roommate and I stumbled across this place yesterday and we didn't have high expectations... We actually had no expectations at all. My roommate is an international student from China & she said that the food served here is just like in her homeland and it was delicious!
It's still an iconic soup dumpling venue. The quality has  gone down a bit. Perhaps, it's due to its significant popularity in downtown Flushing. On the plus side, the extra traffic has forced renovation and expansion.Major hits are its soup dumplings, both pork and crab. They make great scallion pancakes. The shanghai pan fried noodles are freshly made.Menu is simple and short, but they know what they are doing.
The food is great and their Xiao Long Bao is the best I've ever had. Waiters hardly notice you, You have to call out to them every time but that's fine. Food is REALLY cheap and that's great because I'm usually on a budget. It's a really popular restaurant so food sometimes takes a while to come out- at least the waiters give you a heads up about that before you order.
I came here a second time, and the food was much better this time. HOWEVER, the amount of time I had to wait was ridiculous. I ordered fried dumplings and a beef scallion pancake, and my friends not only got their orders, but finished eating before my food came.The fried dumplings were good, but made me regret not getting steamed. The beef scallion pancake, which I had to wait another 15 minutes for after getting my fried dumplings very late, was a huge disappointment. The beef tasted dry and old, and the pancake part was mediocre.I would come here again, but won't order fried dumplings anymore, and order the regular beefless scallion pancake next time.
One of the BEST siew lung baos in new york! I love their crab and pork one and  its got so much soup in them! i came here yesterday and ordered 3 orders i think i ate two orders myself :D LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! alot of people like the cold appetizer ...the spicy beef with tripe... i think its pretty good since i cant really eat spicy, definitely give this place a try!
Their soup dumplings are no joke.  I think one of the reviewers mentioned theirs a lot of soup in each dumpling and she wasn't lying.  After 3 slurps, I thought the soup was all consumed but then I bit into the dumpling and there was some more.  The dough has the right amount of thickness with the perfect al dente consistency.  Furthermore, I thought the meat had a cleaner less greasier taste than Joe's Shanghai.  I really loved their dumplings.Also, ate the shredded chicken rice cakes which were delicious!  So good.  The only dud was the dumplings with sticky rice inside.  I thought it was too doughy with the dumpling case along with the rice.  Last but not least, service was quick and food was really cheap.  Waiting to go again before I move to Chicago.  If anything, the Asian food will be some things I'll truly miss about living in New York.
Came looking for some good xiao long bao and Nan Xiang Dumpling House provided exactly that. Soup had a nice flavor, pork was juicy, and dumpling skins had a perfect consistency where it was neither too thick or thin.
Oh no! The oil has changed! There is now too much salt in the food. I can't believe it, but the best soup dumplings in Flushing has lost its crown. I will now look for a new place. I agree with Tony C., the quality of everything here has gone down. Go to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao instead!
This is dumpling is not nan xiang dumpling! The taste is so different! The real nan xiang dumpling taste way more better! If you come from shanghai, you will now feel so disappoint !! Fake nan xiang dumpling!!!
This place has the best xiao long bao's in New York in my opinion. The bao's comes out nice and hot. The soup and meat aren't cold like Joe Shanghai's and they don't load up their menu with MSG. I also believe this place makes better xiao long bao's then Din Tai Fung. Many people tend to love Din Tai Fung because of it's fame but in reality, their xiao long bao's  are small and overpriced. I went to the original Din Tai Fung restaurant in Taipei, Taiwan and it was terrible. Are they clean? Yes, but everything else is horrendous. The Din Tai Fung in Taiwan mostly markets to Mainland China, Japanese, Korean, and just about every tourist imaginable.As for Nan Xiang Dumpling House, they're on the right track. The quality of their food is great and the owner definitely has a passion in the restaurant business. They expanded their restaurant twice. It use to be a tiny hole in the wall, now they've expanded to the store to their left and right. The soup dumplings comes out piping hot so be careful when you bite into it. The steam and soup can certainly burn and leave a mark in your mouth. What's great abut Nan Xiang's, they also make a variety of other good foods. Their scallion pancakes, fried pork chops, and even dry noodles and noodle soups are quite satisfying. If you do order their dry noodles and prefer less saltiness, don't hesitate to request for less sauce. The sauce could be a little heavy and salty at times.Verdict - I've been coming to Nan Xiang's since the day they opened and so far, they have never disappointed me. The only thing I highly suggest doing is to go early because they can get very busy during lunch hours.
Came in with my fiance after a Mets game. It was a little crowded but we were able to be seated pretty quickly. We tried some of the different types of dumplings and a sort of ramen dish, i dont remember the names. Everything was pretty good but I wasn't necessarily wowed with everything. I thought it was good but I would probably try our another new place than gp back again. Cash only.
NEVER TOO GREASY ALWAYS NICE AND EASY!! It was a lot of fun to eat and if you don't go during their really busy hours, they really do accommodate to what you need. It's pretty busy most of the time, but they cater and remember you. I was going to grab take out for three of their small dishes; love their char siu so much... staple to go item is a char siu bao. I was with a friend on a very hot day and they were very nice about me staying inside. My friend ordered something else too. Very good overall! The receipt always comes low at this place, and you leave very full. Got dumplings in peanut sauce, and the egg and chive bao; also good ayy.
Good food for a great price. I live in a different part of Queens making travel time about 30 minutes to get to Flushing. Worth the trip every time.Beef Scallion Pancake is greasy with great flavor. If you don't mind the grease, you'll like it.Spicy Beef Noodle Soup is awesome. It's a huge bowl that I really didn't want to share with my fiancee. My face was in that bowl. Of course, soup dumplings. Probably one of the best I've had in the city. Bring cash and this place tends to get slammed during peak hours. When that happens, I just order to go.
Has anyone noticed a change here? 1. The MSG Level are OFF the CHARTS! Mind you, I understand the use of MSG at restaurants but we were thirsty before we even left the restaurant!.. and then throughout the rest of the day!2. The Soup Dumpling skins... something's different. It's thicker than it used to be3. This may have to do with #2, do the Soup Dumplings looks bigger? They used to fit in my spoon and now its spilling over. Can someone verify what's happened here?
above average food but poor service.I ordered fried bun with chives & egg and waited for almost half an hour. When I asked them they told me they were sold out.
Their scallion pancakes with beef are probably the best I've ever had. Also the pork buns are a must.
First and foremost - When you sit down, especially on a busy day, I advise you to order your soup dumplings right away. It may take awhile for them to get it to you. If you have a party of 6 or more during rush hours, good luck waiting. You'll be salivating for the next hour. Go grab this man a bib.I usually order the regular pork dumplings which is amazingly good. If you are a newbie, which is perfectly fine, you must eat the soup dumplings the right way. I'm sure there is a tutorial on YouTube already on it. I've seen a few good soup dumplings exploded all over the table. Once again, go grab this man a bib.If you come here early morning, get some sweet soy milk with crispy dough. They are both synergistic with one another. Kind of like the Asian version of Oreo and milk. I hope that's a good analogy. Maybe?Another recommendation is scallion pancake with sliced beef. Even though it's listed as for breakfast, you should get it anytime of the day. It has a nice hoisin-like sauce that is slabbed inside. Sometimes I also go for the pork & salted cabbage noodle soup, shanghai pan fried udon, or the rice cake with shredded pork as my entree. LAST, check how many women are there in that little partition where they make the dumplings. It's amazing! On a busy day, there's like 6 of them. I see at least 1 of them can't do anything because she can barely move her arms.
Walked by this place frequently, but never gone in to try it. Went in one Friday night around 6:30 and there was no line yet. But by the time we were seated there was a wait forming. We ordered the scallion pancake with beef, steamed vegetable dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and the beef noodle soup (spicy). This was more than enough for 2 people even though portion sizes were more appetizer-like. The soup was a good portion, however. My favorite of the items ordered was the scallion pancakes. The sauce that comes on it is sweet and completes the whole dish. The food came out quickly as well which was great since we were starving.Everything on the menu is delicious and you probably can't go wrong. The prices are great as well and well worth the meal. Will definitely come back soon.
Super yummy. Waited less than 5 minutes for a table for 3 on a Thursday afternoon. Server was so unfriendly as to be comical (no drink refills or replenished napkins) but we LOVED the food. Best thing was the scallion pancakes with beef. Xlb was delightful as were the udon noodles but we could have lived without the garlic cucumbers. Glad to have made the trip.
The Chinese server we had today had such bad attitude while serving the table. We understood that some dishes were sold out. However she didn't feel sorry for this at all. As a customer, I don't need my server to be offensive to me or my guests who were with me at that moment. My rationale of not giving tips makes sense to me and my guests, but the waitress didn't understand. She chased me down to the entrance and kept saying, "tips should be given separately". Of course, she's right. But she didn't deserve it! I strongly suggest people not go there unless service is not a big deal or you would pay for what you got.
By far the best place to get xiao long bao in the entire city! Nice atmosphere. Great place to go with a group of friends or on a date. If you're willing to go out to flushing, definitely come here!
This is where you find the ILL xiao long bao. There is really nothing better than soup dumplings. For gods' sakes, they've combined SOUP and DUMPLINGS. Automatically a win. And these are the best I've ever had. At Nan Xiang, the skin is delicate. You must gingerly place each dumpling in its corresponding spoon, lest you prematurely pierce the wrapper and waste even a drop of the luscious liquid inside. Once bitten, the steam spills out of the dumpling, and you'll find yourself hard-pressed to wait long enough to avoid burning your tongue on the incomparable, unctuous broth.After you've slurped out the scalding soup, that last bite...consisting of pork filling and wrapper still saturated in the remaining juice and just a bit of vinegar sauce you scooped inside for punch... That is the bite that dreams are made of. That is a bite worth fighting for. Hell, that is a bite worth braving the 7 Train for. A bite that beats all other bites. And shockingly enough, the service is almost pleasant and the restaurant is almost clean. If Flushing was closer, I'd eat here weekly. At a minimum.
I FINALLY MADE IT HERE! When I say I've been dreaming of soup dumplings for the past few weeks (especially in this crap freezing weather), I've been dreaming of dumplings. (That should be the name of a TV show or something..) ANYWAY! Totally. worth. the. hype! Best soup dumplings I've ever had in NYC.Came with 2 other friends and zero wait for a table (possibly due to said freezing weather) and we had the scallion pancake (A+), Shanghai Udon Noodles (A++) and finally 2 orders of Pork XLB (A++++++++)! We could've eaten another 2 orders but decided to stop and head over to New World Mall's Food Court to keep our gastronomic adventures going :) Will definitely be back!
My small group came here and re-defined the word brunch to mean "two meals: breakfast, followed immediately by lunch."  I don't have the mental wherewithal to condense my experience here into anything resembling a review, but I can just list what we had, so, here you go:Breakfast:- Salted soy milk.  - Crispy dough.  The former is a bowl of warm soy milk broth with some crispy dough soaking in it.  The latter is basically a big cruller, but not sweet.  You wouldn't eat the crispy dough by itself, it's too plain, but together with the soy milk it was all delicious.Lunch -- appetizers / sides:- Spicy bamboo shoots- Fried bean gluten- Cucumber and garlic- Soy peas (edamame), cabbage, & shredded bean curdAll of these were lovely, and also all were utterly skippable, because they took up space in our stomachs that could've been filled by dumplings.  Which brings me to:Lunch -- entree-ish stuff: - Soup dumplings, aka, The Reason You Are Here.  I have no points of comparison (I've only been to the Joe's Shanghai in Midtown, and only once at that), so I can't speak to whether these soup dumplings really are the best, or merely the second best, or whether their skins are thinner or thicker or just like they make them in Shanghai or whatever.  All I know is these dumplings were delicious, and you should have many of them.  You're in a Chinatown, but it's the perfect time to act like an American and stuff your face. - Pan-fried pork buns.  Delicious!  I liked these as much as the soup dumplings.- Beef-scallion pancake.  Doughy and sweet, I liked this but it was a bit heavy compared to the other food we had.  Be careful not to eat too much of this, lest you fill up and leave yourself no room for dumplings.- Spicy pepper beef noodle soup.  A bit disappointing, mostly because wasn't spicy at all.  The noodles reminded me of ramen, but when I mentioned this to one of my tablemates, I got a look of pity and derision, like I couldn't tell my noodles from the pot in which they were cooked.- Pan-fried beef noodles.  Tasty.  Crispy on the bottom.  But why get this when you can get more dumplings?Lunch -- dessert:- Sweet bean curd.  Your typical slippery gooey soft tofu, lightly sweet. I believe the specific question I asked my friends was, "Why is this is my mouth?"  - Red bean puffs.  Delicious!  Small, flaky, sweet, served hot.Miscellany:- Service is good but perfunctory.  We had to keep flagging the staff down for tea refills, and one thing we ordered never came but was charged for.  - We arrived a little before 11am on a Sunday and it was getting filled up.  We got a spot right away but within ~15 minutes, there was a wait at the door.  It's a popular spot.- Cash only.
Wow! sooo juicy!!! Each plump dumpling is filled w/ soup! I ordered the juicy pork dumplings and the crab and pork dumplings. Personally i think the crab and pork dumplings taste better than the regular ones. also had their sticky rice -- thought it was just average. Just come here for the dumplings. It's GOOD!
My go to place for steamed juicy buns. The service isn't always great but the food is dependably good.
When we arrived there was about 10 people waiting outside....Food must be good automatically clicks in. It takes about 20 min to get inside not bad for a Sunday. The good thing was driving from Long Island and there is public parking lot across the street and a garage next door by the KTV club & its only $3 an hour.We had 1.Steamed Vegetable Dumplings.2.Shanghai Shao Mai 3.Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don 4.Scallion Pancake with sliced beef5. Fried Bun with chives & eggAnd of-course free green tea and sweet soybean milk. NY melting pot at its best...give it a kicking try.
I enjoyed this place! Its cheap and tasty! You and a friend can get two orders of dumpling and be stuffed for under 12 bucks. Seating is quick. The service depends on the flow of people that day. But from what I saw they are used to the rush and handle it well. I was thankful to find this gem on a low budget day lol.
My go to soup dumpling spot in Queens. Cheap and open late, although parking is always a headache in Flushing, this place is worth trying. Order the soup dumplings (pork or crab) first as it takes awhile since they are handmade per order. The skin of the soup dumpling is just right, not too thick but thin enough to hold the meat/soup. The juice that oozes out of the meat once the soup dumplings are steamed is the soup aka fatty goodness. How to eat a soup dumpling - poke a hole at the top of the soup dumpling and pour the soup that's in the dumpling into the big spoon provided. That way you can sip all the soup (aka meat fat) and eat your dumpling on the side. Otherwise when you bite into the soup dumpling, the soup tends to spill all over the plate and you're left with just meat and skin. What's the point of eating soup dumplings if you aren't gonna enjoy the soup?? Might as well go eat regular dumplings then.
Really good, best soup dumplings I've ever had. Flushing has great food, better than Chinatown if you ask me. This place is really good and authentic and open late too.
the go to place in flushing for xlb. whenever i crave xlb, i come to this joint. what they lack in diversity or originality, they make up for in qualitythe staples for me here are the regular xlb, the scallion pancakes and beef tripe. the regular xlb are fresh; they manage to make the broth tasteful but not heavy or overdose on the fat while making the gelatin.the scallion pancakes with the beef is really crispy and light, and goes really well with the hoison sauce that accompanies the beef.and if you want a little kick to your meal, definitely go for the beef tripe, which is a cold dish. it can counteract the steaminess of the xlbs :)
l think it's best to tell you all now, this was my first time trying Dim Sum... It was amazing! I had to drive all the way out here to find the Lego City starter set for my God son and so I decided to try out the soup dumplings that everyone was talking about.I ordered dumplings and a sweet soy milk. OMG, it was so good. At first bite I wasn't sure what I was doing and then it happened, the savory goodness came pouring out and it was blissful. The dumplings were so flavorful and the milk was the best.I will definitely come back and try out the other menu items.Fyi: The "soup dumplings" are under Dim Sum on the menu (I asked a nice couple sitting next to me, they were clearly regulars)
They have ground cassava leaves which is very typical for Madagascar cuisine so we love shopping there. We always get a free pack of eggs everytime we go. They have a parking lot which is very practical.
good food, quick service, medium size menu with good number of choices. soup dumplings are the star and definitely worth trying but I recommend exploring the full menu as well. always busy so expect a wait, but turnover is fast. cash only.update: service has declined significantly.
Great spot for soup dumplings. Also the garlic cucumber is tasty.
When you get soup dumplings in Flushing, you usually think of 2 places: Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai.  These titans command the crowds of both locals and tourists throughout the year.  I feel like Nan Xiang is where locals started going to after Joe's became too popular, crowded, and expensive.  Nan Xiang certainly doesn't have a wall of celebrity photos nor the faux-Asian decor that Joe's has.  However, Nan Xiang is creeping up in popularity as well - what started as a single small room has since expanded into 3 interconnected dining rooms. Furthermore, while food quality is comparable to Joe's, the service here lags significantly.  I think some of the best dishes to get here are the scallion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, and the chicken rice cakes.  If it's your first time here I would recommend getting the crab and pork soup dumplings, but they really don't add enough crab meat to justify the higher price.  Overall, the dumplings come in 6, large portions and are quite filling. The broth is creamy and usually piping hot.  2 orders of dumplings and an app are usually enough for 2 people.  I would add a cold soy bean drink to top it all off!
Most people refer to this place as the red awning which serves soup dumplings.  In my opinion their soup dumplings are better than Joe Shanghai and their scallion pancake with beef slices are amazing as well.  When friends come to visit Flushing for the first time, I usually bring them here to pop their cherry.
Cash Only, typical flushing service but you come here for the food, not necessarily to be pampered. If you are new to Shanghainese food, here are a few options that I definitely recommend: Beef Scallion Pancake, Steamed pork soup dumplings, fried bean gluten. The soup dumplings come 6 at a time; nibble a hole, drink the soup, and eat the whole thing. The scallion pancake is amazing and comes in 3 pieces. The fried bean gluten may not seem appetizing but trust me; its addicting. Love this place, reminds me of Shanghai.
Their soup dumplings are always fresh and delicious! My friend and I came here for lunch and we were seated immediately at a table. It's definitely a popular spot for asians and non-asians alike since it's known for their authentic soup dumplings. In addition to ordering their soup dumplings, we also got a side of crispy scallion pancake, sweet soy milk and 2 cruellers. The prices are pretty decent for the amount they give as well as the quality.      The soup dumplings were just as good as Joe's Shanghai and the look of them were more neat. There's a soup dumpling place downstairs of the New World Mall that I think tastes the same but it's just a different environment.      My favorite was dipping the crueller into the sweet soy milk and eating it like that. We couldn't finish the scallion pancake so we took it to go. I would definitely come back just for the sweet homemade soy milk, reminded me of my childhood.
Spicy bamboo shoots and garlic cucumber  are good for starters. Crab & pork dumplings. No credit cards.
The xialongbao ("soupy pork dumplings") are consistently good as I believe (and hope) they are freshly made when you order. But other than that, nothing else is worth writing home about. I have had their stir-fry dishes like chowfun and chowmien ("stir-fry thick rice noodle" and "stir-fry egg noodle"). My experience is that there's more MSG and soy/oyster sauce than necessary. This place is always packed, so if you are impatient, go for brunch around 10:30 am. They also have tradition Chinese breakfast items like soy milk and tofu custard, both of which I recommend.
xiao long bao is a must-try. it took me an hour from manhattan to get to this place and it was worthwhile!
There is a reason why this place is infamous for their xlb. There's always a short wait, but it's worth it. It's so so good, and the scallion pancake can't be missed. I always need to order more than 1 order of xlb it's that good!
Solid Chinese food for a quick snack or filling meal. My personal favorites are the scallion noodles and red bean pancakes. Generally underrated here and overshadowed by the soup dumplings, the scallion noodles are close in kin to the scallion pancakes! However, beware - these deliciously oily noodles are not meant for the faint of heart. The red bean pancakes are also a great sweet treat on a cold day, but they don't always have it so be sure to ask!
Ehhhhh I don't see the hype about this place. The prices are dirt cheap but you get what you pay for. I ordered the pan fried noodles, and XLB. Everything was on the greasy side, I know Chinese food is greasy but this was like drenched with grease!
Been here a couple times with friends.  This place is always compared to joes Shanghai in terms of their soup dumplings and to me both places are equally good.  The main difference is the rest of the menu.  I find joes Shanghai has a more extensive menu but this is good.  The other thing that i love here is the scallion pancake with beef, it is out of this world.  So make sure you get that.  But if you are coming for the soup dumplings this place is the place to go.
I wish we had more time and a bigger appetite to try more items from the menu. However, it was all about the dumplings the morning we visited Nan Xiang. We ordered the Pork and Veg Wontons in Spicy Sauce - these were hearty and delicious in a slightly peanut butter flavored sauce with enough heat for a slow burn that creeps up on you. We also ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings and Crab Pork Soup Dumplings. My husband claims these were the best XLB he's ever tasted - I do agree the flavor of the broth was rich and yummy, but the skin is a little thicker than I prefer, making them more filling. Of course, the upside to that is there being less risk of breaking the skin. Regardless, we will definitely return next time we are in Flushing!
Ordered the pork buns, pork and crab meat buns, the pan fried dumplings and shui mai.OMG DELICIOUSSSSSS.Shui mai was probably the least good and it was still authentic and wonderful.Dumplings are nice and juicy.The buns though. They are the showstopper.Amazing and delicious, its like biting into hot happiness.This place is cheap as well, which is only an added bonusDefinitely recommend this place.
BEST SOUP DUMPLING SPOT IN NY. Sorry joe shanghai, shanghai cafe, & dumpling house.  Remember though, nothing fancy... its flushing. Get the pork buns, scallion pancake & noodles with scallion sauce. You won't regret it.Opens early (8am) & closes late (great for post drunk meals). Cash only. Thankfully, they opened up a second room for more seating because it gets super packed on the weekends.
I have made many trips to Flushing from Manhattan just to eat at this restaurant, and it has never disappointed me. Warning: Everything here is quite oily and heavy - even the deceptively 'lighter' noodle options. The xiao long bao here is pretty good. The flavors, meat, and soupiness of the XLB are quite similar to the XLB I eat back in Taiwan. I personally like the soy milk and scallion oil noodles here, but maybe it's because I'm perfectly fine with how oily the noodles are.Service is what you'd expect at a busy noodle/dumpling spot, and of course it's cash only.
This place can do no wrong. It is amazing. Get the soup dumplings, and spicy noodles. You will not be disappointed. It is such a hole-in-the-wall type of place, but the service is good and fast.Get some dumplings to go - they're still good the next day!
I think their Michelin review has given this place too many fans and out-of-town tourists.  Well... I am an of town tourist.  I don't see this place as any more special than some of the other great dumpling places on the West Coast.Don't get me wrong.  I loved the food here.  The skin on the dumplings were thin.  The soup inside was hot.  All good things you expect from these types of dumplings.  There are not a lot of tables so if you have a big group expect to wait.  I was alone so I had a shared table.  The diner across from me had some noodles and spicy cold dishes that looked really good.If I lived in Flushing, this would probably be one of my regular dining hangouts.
Although the waiters/waitresses are not as attentive and we had to go up a few times to get some bowls or ask for someone the food makes up for it. Best soup dumplings I've ever had! Even better than Joes shanghai (one in Chinatown)!The beef tripe appetizer dish is always amazing and everyone should try it.
5 star for food without considering the service.  The Shanghai dumplings have nice juicy fillings with plenty of soup.  Scallion pancake is crispy with plenty layers and flavor. Rice cake dish is peppery but good pickled greens and julienned pork slices.
One word: YUM! The food here is the real deal. The soup dumplings (pork or crabmeat) are a must. Once you get the hang of how to eat them properly, they're very enjoyable. We kept wanting more and more. Also, try the rice cake dishes. I've had pork and the chicken rice cakes, I think the pork one was slightly better, but both were delicious.Let's talk about the scallion pancakes. Greasy deliciousness! It was so good, even when we were stuffed, we kept eating these pancakes. We've also tried the fried dough. I'm personally not used to eating plain fried dough with no topping, it was still good. One thing straight - the service here is terrible. The waitresses are very rushed. They throw your food on your table. If you're with a large group, they reach over your table so much that, if their hair was down, it would be in your tea. They don't come around to refill your water or tea unless asked. They're impossible to track down because they're running all over the place. However, they're forgiven because the food here is that good. The prices can't be beat - SO CHEAP. We had a group of 6 hungry people... we all ate a ton of food and had food left over to take home... all for $67. Don't come here around lunch (12-3) on a weekend. It will be PACKED. Also, cash only and street parking is really hard to find. We paid $8 to park in the garage a few doors down.
Pork fried dumpling was good. Dumpling was just a little larger than I prefer.Soup dumplings were good, but I know a better tasting dumpling in Chinatown in Manhattan. They needed twenty minutes to prepare my dumplings and they do not accept credit cards.
When my wife and I go to Flushing this is one of our go to places.  They serve authentic Shanghai style food.  The food is not too salty or to greasy like other places can be.  The noodles are great.  The xiaolong bao are great.  My favorite thing on the menu is the beef roll. We have eaten here for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The food is always great.  Highly recommended.
The soup dumpplings here are actually really good compared to the ones at Joe's Shanghai. I asked my brother's friend if it was as good as this place in Boston. He said it was better to which I opened up y stomach to a hellsing of these rapidly aggregating flavors. I am a Han Hyo Joo fan. So, Han Hyo Joo fans, come and eat here for some of the most delicious dumplings of your lives.
I really want to give this place a 3.5, but I'll round up. First off, this place is not a great place to bring a group. I came with 5 friends and we were lucky to get a table together. The food here is delicious. Their soup dumplings are on point. They also had these steamed pork juice buns that were also amazing. I really loved it. The service here was so so. I guess I could have expected that at a Chinese restaurant in Flushing though. They never came to refill our tea or waters, and seemed pretty miffed whenever we asked them to refill it for us. They also gave us the bill for the table next to us, and we were all pretty confused about that. Nor were they able to keep track of how many orders of soup dumplings we ordered (11, so I guess that's a high number, but still it's not our job to keep track for them). Another issue I have here is that many people think that the dumplings are cheaper here than other places, but really the orders are smaller than other places as well. They only give 6 dumplings per order compared to other places like Joe Shanghai's who give 8. I also don't think that these dumplings are so much better than Joe Shanghai's. I think they are very much on the same level. Matter of opinion though. All in all, the food is good, the service is bad but it's a trade off. My group ended up spending about $20/person, but we love to pig out when it comes to soup dumplings. If we ordered individual dishes, it probably would have came out to much less.
2 orders Pork Nan Xiang Long Bao, Beef pan fried noodles and Scallion pancakesThat's all I need. That's all I want. Best soup dumplings this side of the world. The dumpling skin are thin yet strong enough to hold the filling and hot soup inside. Once you taste the soup, you will definitely get addicted. I used to come to this place at least twice a week for almost six months until I realized how much I gained from eating all those dumplings. Now I limit myself to once or twice a month.I recommend this place if you are sick of ordering General Tso's chicken from your takeout place but still want Chinese food. Or even if you aren't sick of General Tso's chicken and just want some good food.
Two stars, two words: MSG poisoning. We ordered the beef scallion pancake, soy bean tofu salad, and one each of the pork and crab xiao long bao. The pancake was delicious and crispy. The xiao long bao were average, hot at least, tasted as expected but nothing mind blowing. Salad was fine.But the real adventure began about 15 minutes after we left. Stomach aches, racing pulses and mild panic ensued as we frantically googled what might be happening...and the first result was "msg reaction." Since physical illness is probably not a fair trade for average to good food, we probably won't be back.
I used to love this place.  Especially back in April when I last visited here (I don't reside in NY because I moved).  Back then, the service was friendly and attentive and the food was hot and fresh.Tonight I was disgusted and embarrassed with the place.  I had brought a friend, mom and sister out to eat to my once favorite establishment.  Here is what went wrong:- After ten mins of sitting down, we were ready to order.  No one checked on us, so my mom tried calling over a waiter multiple of times, but he was too busy.  Then when the waiter saw my mom asking for him, he walked past her!  And oh boy, was she frustrated!   - When we finally ordered, all three of us gave the menu to the waiter, but the fourth person who was my friend didn't even order and he walked away from her with the menu still in her hands!  The hell?!  Then we waved down another waiter, so she can order her food.- When the food came, the Shanghai fried noodles were still hard and there were no sauces for the dumplings.  We had to ask for the ginger sauce and prep it ourselves.- The service was just horrendous and it was so disrespectful that they would do that to my family and friend.  - I will never return to this restaurant.  I hate it.  What did we do to get disrespected like that?  Earlier today, this was my favorite establishment.  I came home to NYC recently and I couldn't wait to be back here eating their delicious food that I once dreamed of and after tonight, this establishment turned into a nightmare.  - I hope the staff reads my review and I hope they change their attitude for the better and put more love into the food.  - Either way, I wish everyone a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and a Happy New Year!
I will provide an update once I go again. This review is based on my previous experiences. I still remember the first time I dined here, the quality was unmatched at the time. Since the first time I went, I think they have expanded the restaurant to accommodate their continuing success. I think Joe's Shanghai was really popular and got a lot of attention from the press/media at the time and got too lax/complacent and that led to their plummeting quality. I feel like Nan Xiang Dumping House is in danger of going through the same thing if they're not careful.Food: The Crab Soup dumpling is the way to go. The pork is good too but you just have to go with the crab (My preference). My advice, as soon as you are seated (Even before requesting water or tea), just order 1 Pork and 1 Crab Soup Dumpling (For those that haven't tried it yet) right away to save yourself a little wait time. It usually takes anywhere from 15 to 25 minutes depending on how busy they are. To my knowledge it is always freshly made. It is highly recommended to eat the soup dumplings while it is hot. You can let it rest and cool off till you can tolerate the temperature but be careful not to let it cool down too much or else the skin becomes really tough. You can decide the other appetizers and entrees later because those takes considerably less time to prepare/cook.The appetizers I've had in the past was the scallion pancake with beef, , spicy bamboo shoots, cucumber salad dish, and my favorite Spicy Beef & Tripe (Must try even for people who don't do well with spicy).Obviously everyone comes here to try their soup dumplings, but they have a variety of other cuisine to try. I've had their Rice cake with shredded pork in the past. I tried the pan fried seafood noodles and stacks up pretty well to other restaurants that are well known for them. I often see people try their noodle soup dish, so one visit, I tried it and it is very flavorful (a bit on the saltier side for my taste). You can also try their soy milk drink (Never tried it, but I see a lot of people drink it so it must be good). Final thoughts: Writing about this brought a lot of nostalgia back and I will definitely visit soon. I pray that they don't suffer the same fate as Joe's Shanghai and got complacent and cocky now that they've tasted success.
Delicious, authentic food on the cheap. Doesn't get any better than this.
Nan Xiang was fine. I actually think I might like Joe's Shanghai better, but I was sick so my taste buds might have been off when I came here. I literally was nauseous and once I sat, I drank so much tea and was very faint that everything just tasted sort of bland to me. The soup in the dumplings were good though, I could definitely taste that, but the meat didn't seem to have any flavor. I think the beef scallion pancake was good too, but it was a blur to me and I only took a few bites. Must go again to do a better review, but for now, 4 stars.
Super tasty, but a bit lacking in presentation. However, you do get what you pay for in this world. It's cheap eats. Pancakes were my favorite item on the menu...and we ate a lot!!!
Im going to give this place (3) stars. The soup dumplings were good but I've had better, the shanghai pad fried udon was a little salty and needed some more seafood. The pork chop noodle soup was bland, the pork chop itself was very oily. Also the waiter forgot to bring one of the items I ordered. But did not forget to try and charge me for it..... Smh. I would give this restaurant another try but not anytime soon.
Nan Xiang sets the standard for all New York City soup dumplings. I waltzed in here starving after a Yelp event at Queens Theater, SO in tow. She is not as passionate about dumplings as I am (and is more fit for it), but she humored me and was rewarded for her efforts.The "steamed buns" aka soup dumplings (regardless of which xiao long bao you get) are outstanding, with generously apportioned filling, great texture, and a hot, fatty, oily broth that will take you to starch heaven. The pan-fried dumplings were also top notch, and the scallion pancake with beef was decadent, as would be expected.Service was fine but we were there relatively late (10 pm), so maybe it falters during rush-hours. If you're a dumpling man or woman, you must come here at least once. Period.
We love this place. The food is always great. We get the soup dumplings (duh) and rice cakes. We also enjoy the scallion pancakes, bean curd and the tripe. If it was just the food I would give it 5 stars but the service isn't the best. Definitely come try it out.
This place is a "must" if anyone is ever interested in cheap yet delicious Chinese food.  This small restaurant is constantly filled with people ready to dive in to authentic "Xiao Long Bao" and their other signature dishes like scallion pancakes with beef, beef noodles, drunk chicken and much more.  Normally, many people wouldn't associate Chinese food as "comfort food." However, this place will definitely shed a new light on this misconception.  One flaw would be that the service is just average and if you go during a crowded time, you may have to wait anywhere from 15-30 minutes.
Words cannot simply define how fine this cuisine is. For every dumpling I had explode in my mouth, it impacted me with flavors I could never expect or even imagine, especially before from the land of Amish and corn; also known as Ohio. As I've had good food in Ohio, the quality of what this place had is on a tier that I could never imagine most places in the world having. For anyone reading this, I truly reccomend giving this place a try. Adding on, I also had the beef scallion pancake and LET ME TELL YOU, that....Divine creation was like biting into the soul of food itself. How powerful that flavor was, was beyond any expectation or any words I could use to describe how amazing these were to have with the dumplings. I highly thank the amazing staff and I can't wait to come back! This is truly one of my favorite places in the USA to dine at, and yes, I mean ALL of the USA. I've had many foods yet have only got to review so much, but I can truly say I'm thankful for getting to write this review. See this place again soon I hope!
This place is legit.Yes, the soup dumplings are amazing, the soup is rich with loads of ginger, which I love.  These are probably the soupiest dumplings I've had so far.  The skins are a little thicker, but how else are they going to get all that soup to stay inside?  I went for the soup dumplings but I'm probably going to dream about those crispy noodles... those greasy fried brown gravy doused noodles were AMAZING. I liked it because the sauce was rich and flavorful without being excessively salty.  I thought to myself, wow, what is that richness in the sauce, and then realized this mysterious flavor could be attributed to the pools of oil that formed at the bottom of the dish.  Meh.  don't eat it everyday or you'll be another number for the obesity stat in the US but have it sometimes...  and dreaming is calorie free.. right?
To describe Xiang Xiao Long Bao to a newbie, my son said they are little balls of heaven.  Near paper thin steamed dumplings, stuffed with pork or seafood and a broth that is one of the most amazing things you will ever eat.  The art of consuming these "little balls of heaven" is printed on the walls.  It can be dangerous, the broth is super hot.  Our method is to very gently pick one out of the bamboo steamer, place it on a spoon, carefully nibble a corner of the dumpling.  Add a little chili paste. Slurp the broth and finally eat the dumpling.  HEAVENNans is the best place to get Xiang Xiao Long Bao in Flushing.  Joes makes great ones, but Nans are the best.They do have other items on the menu, but other than a real good scallion pancake and a rice cake and pork dish that is incredible, we have never tried anything else.  There is no reason to.  If we want Xiang Xiao Long Bao, this is always are first choice.  It is always busy, but they keep expanding the place so the wait doesn't ever seem that long.  Trust me on this one folks.  It is worth the wait.
I love this place! Tried Joe's but it just can't hold up to the soup dumplings from here. The wait for the dumplings can get pretty long and it's cash only, but well worth the wait!
The little crab dumplings/ buns were excellentThe pork dumpling were pretty good but not hot enoughYear cake was decent Beef noodle soup was disappointing and not hot c'mon this is a Chinese establishment !! food has to be piping hot or we all know it's not fresh !!
I love the food here. I usually get the soup dumplings and the shanghai panfried udon. However, those are the only good quality about this place. 5/5 for foodFor service, it's absolutely horrendous. As I'm writing this there are 3 waiters standing and socializing with each other. Although there are a ton of empty tables when we walked in, it literally took 5-7 minutes for us to get seated (party of 2). There's a lady that sits in the front that does almost nothing. Usually she's talking on the phone or playing with the cash register. Every time I go here, even if they have nothing else to do, the waiters will not fill up your tea or come to you unless you call them over. Even then they will pretend to not notice you sometimes. They've made direct eye contact with me and still proceeded to ignore me. For 3 of my visits, they forgot some part of my order... And I only ordered a total of 3 dishes.... 1/5 for serviceThat being said, I come here at least 3 times a month for dinner. This has been the case for the last 2 years. Literally each visit, the service has been consistently shitty.  Definitely come here for the food but make sure to have good company or something to do because you'll spend most of your time waiting.
The food was delicious, but the wait is very long and the wait staff was not very polite to me. The table next to me came in 10 minutes after me, but they got their food long before me (the same items) and the staff acted annoyed that I asked. But if you want delicious authentic food (their soup dumplings are amazing) and you don't mind a wait, then check it out.
Known for the delicious xiao long baos, both by the locals and the tourists, Chinese and non-Chinese, I come here just for that. Literally. My bf and I get 4 orders of the pork XLBs. And that's it. I've tried the usual side dishes (scallion pancakes, stir fry Shanghai noodles, Shanghai noodles with pork chop, bean curd/tofu "cow-fu", and cold fish). It's average and definitely not as good as Joe Shanghai's dishes. Plus the headache of parking near there (unless Skyviewing it up- 3 hours for free parking at Sky View), and the long wait.. Just doesn't make it worth going for. The XLB is probably the best in Flushing but the others at Joe Shanghai or Shanghai Cuisine 33 aren't much far behind. Additionally, I don't find getting the crab XLB worth the upcharge. Service is also not great.Get in. XLB it up. Get out.
Not impressed. Xlb dumplings were just ok, had some stir-fried rice cakes, uninspiring and lacking flavor. Also had the scallion pancakes with beef, was pretty good. The best part of the meal was the garlic cucumber. If you come here its a must try. Very simple but delicious.
Seriously, if you find better dumplings than at Nan Xiang Dumpling House anywhere on Earth, I will give you $1.The food here is so delicious and so plentiful that you might be beside yourself while you're eating and then find yourself mourning a little when your plates are cleared, lamenting that humans don't have the bovine trait of four stomachs in which to stuff just a few more dumplings.Especially good are the pork soup buns and the shrimp soup buns. To die for.There are a good deal of vegetarian options, so the members of our dining party who did not eat meat actually had plenty to choose from. If you're really strict about your vegetarianism, I would certainly double-check.My only lament is that this place isn't closer to home!
It's always better to save best for last so I'll start with the cons:Atmosphere is not the best. Kind of ugly! And the scallion pancakes were a little greasy. That's it!Today was my first time ever trying soupy dumplings. SO GOOD. My lips were a little burnt at the end of the experience, but they were soooo delicious I couldn't even complain. Our table got two  orders of soupy dumplings, one of fried pork dumplings, one veggie and two scallion pancakes with pork. The veggie dumplings were a little dry and too healthy-tasting, but everything else was amazing. Not too salty or greasy and warm and filling for the ideal winter comfort meal. We ate family style and were able to try a bunch of different things. For 14 bucks each we got to share 6 dishes between us. Thank you, Asia!
Small hole in the wall with pretty good food.  Very friendly service.
The food is delicious and cheap. It's a really nice place to eat with friends and share Xiao Long Bao. I went several times there and was never disappointed.
Dumplings, good.  Scallion pancakes, good.  Scallion pancakes wrapped around beef, awesome.  I'm not going to argue that this place has the xiao long bao in Queens, because that would start an argument with Joe's fans and any other restaurants.  Personally, I liked the other dishes on the menu, not only the soup dumplings.  Cheap eats that keep both the wallet and the belly full.  That's all that matters.
Always a solid choice for soup dumplings, and nowadays is also a popular spot for foodies - so you might end up waiting a while for a seat, be warned! Now keep in mind this place has relatively similar prices to Joe's (and better service too...), so it's a no-brainer which one is the better choice.Ah, the food! You can't go wrong with the cold & spicy beef and tripe dish here, or the aforementioned beef and scallion pancakes. If you are here for breakfast/brunch, get the Chinese doughnuts (they're basically long, fried, doughy sticks of goodness) and dip them in soy milk (cold/hot/salted). All good eats here amigos!
The best soup dumplungs in NY hands down!
Go for the warm soybean milk and and the soup dumplings! The wait is not too bad. Good number system. Cash only. Go go go go!
I was surprised there was even a 15-minute wait for a snowy day at 2:30 PM, but then again it was a weekend and Nan Xiang is super famous now (for good reason!). By 3, it seemed like there were seats immediately available for walk-ins. It's quite amazing that they can fill up all three dining areas and still have considerable waits.But that's probably because they have the best soup dumplings (xiao long bao) I've had outside of Shanghai, and I like to try soup dumplings everywhere! They were piping hot, so you definitely have to bite a hole in these and suck out the copious amounts of soup they somehow fit into these little guys. From the outside, you can see the shadow of the soup filling up about half the dumpling's height. It's hard to get tired of them.Prices are very reasonable, and it's extremely easy to underestimate how much you're ordering, so aim for $8-10 per person. (Remember to bring cash!) It's also good to order from different parts of the menu, or else you might get impatient for your soup dumplings and fried dumplings. The fried dumplings (guo tie) were slightly disappointing given how great the soup dumplings were. The wonton soup was pretty good, and they even put little shrimps inside. I wasn't looking forward to the vegetable dumplings, but they were surprisingly quite tasty. I can't say Nan Xiang has the most flavorful dim sum overall, but they used noticeably less oil than many other places I went to.And if you're looking for good service, don't come to a Chinese restaurant. I was just looking for competence, and I got it. Don't be afraid to wave down the servers though since they don't come around very often!
Food was very good. However I have had similar food in the area that was better.  The decor needs to be updated.  Staff could learn to be a bit more friendly.  This place was able to accommodate a large group.
Loooove edamame, tofu & cabbage appetizer here. Of course I like Xiao Long Bao.
The only place where I get soup dumplings. Joe's Shanghai is too oily and pricey for me. I don't really eat the noodle dishes here (for the reasons of being oilier than I prefer) but you must get:- any of the soup dumplings. I prefer the pork! The meat is always so soft and fresh.- the pork and cabbage soup. I almost get this all the time along with the pork dumplings. It's a very simple bowl but I love the bite in the noodles and the clear broth.- fried bean gluten. I'm Chinese and still don't know what this is exactly made of but it's delish. And loaded with calories.Like others mentioned, they have expanded. I totally almost went to the restaurant next door because I wasn't used to it!
I've been ordering takeout for a while from here and only recently got to experience their service. To be honest, just from the general vibe I got from some of the staff staff workers here, I figured the service wouldn't be great and it lived up to my expectations for better or worse...My friend and I got an appetizer to go with our orders and the food took about as long as I expected it to. However, we figured that our appetizer was going to be lost considering how long we were waiting and we were right. The damn thing never showed up and to add insult to injury they still had the nerve to leave it on the check. Cleared that up without any fuss though.Still, some of the kitchen staff were on lunch break and they even had the appetizer we ordered at their table..."I guess we know where that went."
This is the taste of home to me. Everything's pretty good, the only less start is the pan fried bun is still not as authentic as Shanghai. Avoid weekend for sure, wait way too long and can't even find parking in flushing.
This was my first meal in Flushing, NY and it was quite the experience. Service was quick, I was immediately seated and handed a menu, then offered tea- but when I said no Thank You the waitress looked puzzled and said "Tea?" I repeated my self with a kind voice but then she answered even more confused "Tea??" So I had tea- and recommend you agree to the tea as well. As she poured I asked "What kind is if?" She said with a smile "I'm not sure." The young waitress then asked what I would like, I wanted a minute to look over the menu since its in a different language with choppy translated English. A minute later she came back and I kept my head down to show that I wasn't ready. She reached over and flipped the menu over- pictures!  She smiled again. I pointed to what everyone raves about The Pork Dumplings. Five minutes later a man placed and opened a wooden steaming round box/bowl across from me and said "Steam Pork Buns." I stared at the swollen sticky sacks, the tongs placed next to them, and the chop sticks at my right. I didn't know how to eat my foreign meal.As they cooled down, I sipped on the mystery tea, I watched the other people in the restaurant. A young lady closest to me was talking in the phone and eating at the same time. It looked like she was eating a type of dumpling and using the utensils she was careful not to touch the food with her hands. Every other group seemed to know what they were doing and ate the same way- soup spoons and chop sticks.I watched and learned. I picked em up with the tongs and ate the dumplings with the soup spoons.Oh Man! The dough of the dumpling is gooey and plain, then Bam! The juice/broth is incredibly tasty, full of flavor and the ball of pork inside is pretty yummy. The juice was the best part. Halfway through the 6 dumplings that come in one serving- I was getting full, the dumplings are hearty. I only ordered this one dish and when i finished I was surprised I learn that they take cash only- thank God I had some on me. Fast service, pictures make it easy to order, my food was great, learn how to eat your dish, and have cash.
This place is good but not THAT good...Pros:-soup dumplings are good-they have soybean soup/drink and breakfast options just like in Taiwan! -quick service-gives you tea when you sit down-relatively cheap Cons:-busy place (will be about a 15-20min wait during peak hours for a small group)-takes 45+ min to get to from LES I give four stars for the food quality (although I'd like to note that they received a B for food sanitation!) but 2-3 stars in terms of coming back. I think there are just as good restaurants in Chinatown
My biggest grip about this place is that it's cash only. Other than that, there honestly wasn't too much of a flavor difference between the reg pork soup dumplings or pork+crab soup dumplings. (In my opinion, Joe's Shanghai has a better crab soup dumpling with stronger crab flavor.)My party of 4 was seated quickly after arrival in one of the side rooms. We all enjoyed the complimentary hot tea. We weren't too hungry so we ordered the pork soup dumplings, pork+crab soup dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, and scallion dumplings to share between all of us. Definitely authentic. Final bill? $30 including tip. Can't beat that price!
As I scrolled down to read the reviews for this place, I notice that there were a (I wouldn't say huge but a noticeable) gap between the ratings. I think it's safe to say that the reason why majority of the reviews rated 5 stars are all tourists. I've dined here long before it has become a "hot spot" for tourists. I can also tell you that their quality in food has also dropped remarkably because they are overly confident that customers will still come and dine because they are "recommended by Michelin Guide" or referred by friends. Be aware that this place only accepts cash!!!I came here recently with my family and friends for dinner and were told to wait because our table was being set up. While we stood near the hostess stand and chatted, we noticed that we waited about ten mins for our table. Normally it would have taken at least 5 mins to seat us so my aunt had asked the hostess how much longer we should wait. The hostess, while looking down on her phone and texting someone responded nonchalantly, "Oh the waiter already called you guys already like a couple of times". Of course my aunt retorted, "Why didn't you say something to us then." The hostess without looking up, just shrugged and repeated, "he called you guys a couple of times." So we had to wait an additional 5 mins before we were seated. When the food came, our stir fried noodles were salty; we returned it and asked to replace it with a less salty one. The flat rice noodles with shredded beef was also on the salty side but it was manageable and I could still stomach it. The steam pork dumpling soup was bland and the scallion pancake with beef was EXTREMELY oily. Seriously, I was here a day ago for lunch and it was definitely less salty and less oily than this. I think we had a bad chief that night. IF you're looking for a cheap place to eat, welcoming terrible service and wanting to be greeted by a rude ass hostess, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU. We left the place within half an hour and my sister and I made sure the hostess receive the same gratitude that she has shown us by saying, thanks for nothing bitch before we left the restaurant.
Dare I say that this is the best soup dumpling place in Flushing? Why yes, yes I do.Prior to discovering Nan Xiang many years ago, I was slowly getting more annoyed Joe's Shanghai being a popular tourist stop (read: insanely long wait times and diminishing quality of their soup dumplings). So when someone mentioned a new place that opened up on Prince Street, I checked it out and immediately fell in love. The soup dumplings here come six per order and are a good size, and the soup within is not too greasy. (I've seen soup dumplings with grease lumps in the soup...not very appetizing to see or eat.) They've also evolved from providing a small dish of black vinegar for the soup dumplings to now having a small spouted container of black vinegar at every table to pour however much you want. The rest of the menu mainly contains appetizers and rice/noodle dishes, but everything I've tried so far is delicious. My favorite noodle dish is their fish fillet and pickled mustard noodle soup.When it first opened, it was a small restaurant with just 6-8 tables. Now, it has taken over space on either side of the original section and has about 30 tables. Even with the expansion, come during weekend dinner hours and you may have to wait a few minutes for a table, but the food is definitely worth the wait. As a tip, place your soup dumpling order as soon as you are shown to your table so it will come out faster while you decide on your other entrees.Happy slurping, everyone!
Awww, hands down, some of the best soup dumplings. Soup/meat filling is flavorful, wrapped in a chewy, delectable dough. Pancake scallion here is delicious, not too greasy, and the rice cake stir fry is amazing.There are a fair amount of tables inside, so although there is often a line, the wait really isn't too bad. Service here is efficient; the food comes out very quickly and soon your belly will be full.
This is on my frequent list, I like to stop in for a few dumplings ever so often. The prices are unbeatable and the food is always consistently good. Definitely try the scallion pancakes and the soup dumplings, the fried Udon is also great.We ate for about 4 people and the bill was only about $45 with alcohol, cant beat that!!
The xiao long pao is very juicy.The food is good.Only the service is too slow.We wait about more than 10 mins to check out.Have no idea where the waiter is.Food is excellent,recommend here!
This location has wonderful Chinese dumplings and other Chinese foods. The only problem that I have with this shop is that it is always busy so sometimes orders would take 20 minutes which in my mind is a bit long for the second dish to be coming (some dishes are cold or easier to whip up).
The scallion pancake with meat & soup dumplings are really good and affordable. Went here cause it had good reviews and it did not disappoint
This was pretty good! Surprisingly I have had a hard time finding great chinese food, but loved this one! and gosh it came so fast!
Wow. The steamed pork buns are out of this world good. We also had the basic udon but it was meh. Service was fast, there was a line out the door but we only waited 10 minutes. Keep in mind it's cash only! Super cheap though so don't worry about having a ton of cash.I can't stress enough how delicious the bao were. The best!
This place redefines Chinese-American cuisine to me. Great food, low prices, noisy neighborhood. I love it.
The highlight here are obviously the soup dumplings, which, some in both shrimp and pork variety and come packed in a flavorful broth. Combine with the ginger soy mix for an enhanced flavor! The environment is a bit hectic and I've had instances where certain utensils weren't cleaned properly but, aside from that , a pleasant experience.
Lived in China for several years and in several places. This place is the bomb. Authentic dishes, awesome flavors, and no nonsense service. I'd go here weekly if I lived in Flushing.The cold dishes are really special and fresh here along with the dumplings.
Arrived Sunday at 1015am.  Place half full.  Got our seats and menus then waited, waited, waited for our waitress to notice us, talk to us, take an order.  Nope.  Maybe she had a bad night or a bad morning?  Either way, who cares, you are the waitress in the room so I guess maybe ignoring us probably wasn't in your job description.  The cuc and beef tripe salads arrive!  Not bad.  Water ordered when we sat still not there and food is getting spicy.  Finally water but only after watching her get it, pick it up, put it down a few times.  Dumplings arrive.  Soup dumplings were fine. Shumai looks blah.  Take a bite and it's not too hot so I pop it in my mouth.  Melted off the roof of my mouth.  Must have been microwaved, because that's the only way outside is sort of hot but inside is mushy molten, but that's impossible because you see the flurry of steamer basket activity on way in.  Ask for more water and now she is just messing with us.  Same water routine as before.  She is just nasty mean or really had a bad night.  Who cares, i'm in pain.  Finally a check and out the door.  Yep, on way past the back room kitchen, there she is, taking small plate of dumplings out of the microwave.  Nice work reusing days old refrigerated product. You guys suck. Decent place back in the day but good god things have changed.  Maybe that's why I hadn't been back to you in years.  The neighborhood selection has improved but you are way past your prime.  Avoid it.  Go anywhere else.  There are plenty of old school choices that hold up well but not you. Try the food courts and sample some fresh made food.
I was pleasantly informed that they close at midnight as opposed to the advertised 11:30 closing. I arrive and was seated immediately. To start we ordered a cold appetizer; the spicy beef tendon. It was a well seasoned and spicy beef and tripe dish that kept me satisfied along with my Tsingtao beer till my pork and crab soup buns arrived. Roughly 10 minutes passed and our freshly hand made soup dumplings arrived. Per usual, the piping hot dumplings tested my technical soup dumpling technique. One must consume the dumpling without wasting the soup and the skill comes in doing so without scorching one's tongue. I nibble off a bit of the tender soup bun to allow the golden soup and the pork/crab filling to cool enough so I could consume the dumpling with a swift bite. I can't say that other soup dumplings are not on par, but this place is constantly clean and consistent with their buns. My go to spot when it comes to xiao long bao craving. The only slight con was that the place does not accept credit cards. Cash only! So don't forget to bring your cash money when coming to indulge your soup bun needs!
I'm giving this place a 4 because recently it's becoming so difficult to get a seat inside the restaurant. There are people waiting outside for a possible hour to get inside. The soup dumplings here are great if it's your first time there. After continuous outings at this restaurant you realize that the soup dumplings are not the only thing that this shop has to offer. The crispy noodles and their vegetarian noodle soup are beyond delicious. Don't be like me and just go there for their dumplings every time. The taste slowly gets boring, try something new from their menu. If your feeling adventurous try the spicy pork ears:)
Better than Joe's Shanghai HANDS DOWN. Just go, stop looking through the reviews, you will not regret it.They don't have an extensive menu, so if you're there, your there for the soup dumplings. I've been to this restaurant over 20 times and I've never been disappointed. Great food for a great price. I never spend more than $30 for a meal for two. You and your wallet will leave stuffed... well that is to say that you have more than $30 bucks to begin with.
I really love Nan Xiang XLB. Right off of Flushing Boulevard, where the Chinese food is as authentic as it gets, Nan Xiang XLB (as its name suggests) has great Xiao Long Baos *otherwise known as soup dumplings*. I got the soup dumplings with crab, Shanghai-nese shumai, a fried cruller, and a small cold appetizer of shredded potato sticks. The soup dumplings were amazing, they were so fresh and tender (there are aunties rolling out dough and filling dumplings right outside the kitchen). The gelatin inside the soup didn't leave a residue but rather a very pleasant mouthfeel. The soup itself was seasoned properly. The crab didn't hinder but imparted another layer of flavor and the unmistakable shellfish/ seafood umami. The shumai were good as well, they were filled with sticky rice and pork sausage. They were good with a touch of chili oil found as a condiment on the table. The fried cruller were light and crispy. The potato salad was light and tasty. I think the hidden neglected item on the menu is their soymilk. House made and served both hot/ cold, the sweet drink is definitely a perfect accompaniment to the rich taste of the soup dumplings. This is a restaurant getting more and more coverage throughout the city, especially with Vice: Munchies doing an excerpt on the establishment. It is still a hidden gem, just now a little more exposed to the public. A place with great good, decent service and all at a very reasonable price.
Needed some dumplings nearby & found this spot.  Veggie dumplings-fresh but add pepper & soy sauce.  My friend got the soy sauce noodles-real good & soup dumplings-tasty & also fresh.  Service was really nice which I'm surprised-haha!  I just wish they had shrimp dumplings.
After seeing reviews comparing Joe Shanghai for the crab dumplings and scallion pancakes I knew I had to stop by to see what the buzz was about.  The crab dumplings were good with more pork appearance then Joe's but I'd have to say I like Joe's a little better for the more crabby presence.  The scallion pancakes on the other hand were significantly better here but prob behind Little Pepper scallion pancake due to the special garlicky dipping sauce they provide.  The spicy beef and tripe was outstanding and the rice cakes with mustard greens were also a treat.  We got the Shanghai pan fried udon which was also not as good as Joe's Shanghai noodles which my kids love.  Overall a nice spot to check out but will probably stick to Joe Shanghai and Little Pepper which we visit routinely.
This food was delicious. The dumplings are awesome. Also order a scallion pancake. We also had crispy noodles with chicken. The best noodles I had in a long time. They give you green tea when you sit down.  This place is great. Service is pretty good too.
This place was way better before all the expansions and the prices went up and the food qualities went down the drain
I think this place is a little overhyped up in Flushing... went with a group of friends because I heard it was legit. The soup dumplings were pretty good but if have to say I like the shanghai cafe ones from manhattan Chinatown better. I'm pretty sure they were cheaper too. The noodles and rice cake dishes were pretty good but not anything wildly special by any means. This place is packed so get there a bit in advance to hit up seats.But would I go all the way to flushing just for this  place naw not really. Id say the staff was just average at best yea, 3.5 rounded up. Not bad.
Solid dumplings, but every time I go we all leave saying, "Wow that was good, but it definitely could be better."That sums it up. The dumplings are all nice and the other dishes are too, but nothing just blows you away.
I want to give it six stars. Favorite dumpling house or breakfast place in Flushing! They have all my favorite breakfast food when I had in China, xian dou jiang, cong you ban mian, etc. But be prepared to wait for a while when it gets busy. And cash only.
Very good shsnghainese good. The xiao loong baos are very good but the crowds really deter me.  They forgot one of my orders because the waiters are swamped. If u don't mind the long waits and cramped dining room then come here.
A co-worker and I ordered take out tonight (3/16/15).  I've been meaning to try this place for a while but for whatever reason, tonight was my first time here.  We sampled the pork and crab soup dumplings, rice cakes with beef and a beef scallion pancake.  Everything was good but the soup dumplings definitely stood out, and that alone is reason enough for a return trip.  The scallion pancake was good but it was super greasy and the rice cake was a little light on the beef.  The prices were reasonable and the service was fair.  For a Monday night it was pretty busy but maybe it's like that every night.  I will surely return to order more soup dumplings and sample some other menu items.
Come here at least twice a month because if you want soup dumplings at 10pm on a Wednesday night, they are still open and the workers are making the soup dumplings as you order!The noodle soup is really good as well.Avoid coming here on weekends as you will be waiting outside for at least 30 mins or so just to get seated.
Craving some dumplings and pork buns, I ventured into Nan Xiang Dumpling House (NXDH). A restaurant with minimal decor.  Once in, you're approach by a waiter/waitress, who provides you the menu and water in a cup. The service provided is not great - do not expect a welcoming approach, smile or good attitude from the servers. The menu list is not the most sizable relative to the surrounding Asian-style eateries (approximately, NXDH offers 66 options plus a handful of soda options). I am highly disappointed in the lack of Seltzer soda. However, NXDH makes up for it in price and quality of the food. In addition, their prices are on the low-end, which is great-Who doesn't like economic pricing?         The Pan fried pork buns have a solid, rich taste. The amount of bread to meat ratio is unequivocally greater of the former.  Their Scallion pancake with slice beef is a must try on your first visit. Moreover, the sauce has a strong, rich flavor. The insulating pancake has a subtle flavor, and soft texture.  You will likely have this item every time you return. I tried their cold dish appetizer, the spicy beef and tripe. I highly enjoyed it-the flavor is extremely savory. In an effort to not let leftover bun-bread end up in the trash, I mixed the spicy beef and tripe into half of a Pan fried pork bun's bread (baozi). The bun complimented the savory meat taste greatly. In the end, a great idea!       I have returned and tried other options on the menu ever since my first visit. And everything else ordered thus far has not disappointed, some dishes have satiated the palate(spicy beef noodle soup comes to mind). I highly recommend this place to all who enjoy Chinese cuisine. A. J.enjoy your meal.
Lots of people and probably need to wait everyday during lunch time. They will steam the soup dumpling after we order it and it takes time, so it's better to order soup dumpling right after you have sit or even order that when you wait for sit. I ordered soup dumpling, fried buns, hot soy milk and steam rice dumpling for two and they are all good!! Their prices are reasonable too. Good place for lunch!! I love the hot soy milk! Want it again before I leave NY!! However, it's Cash Only!!*
I came here on a Sunday afternoon to see that the line was out the door. Regardless, we went in, got our number, and waited about 15 minutes before we were called.I'd been craving a good Taiwanese style breakfast for some time, so I knew exactly what I wanted when the waiter came. We got the scallion pancake, scallion pancake with sliced beef, pan fried udon, fried bun with chives and egg, and 2 orders of soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with sliced beef came out first and completely blew my mind. Despite the greasiness, it was absolutely delicious. So now with my sky high expectations, the rest of our food followed. The skin of the soup dumpling, in my opinion, is superior to Joe's Shanghai. However, I wasn't as impressed with the filling. I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5, but it was still delicious overall. My main complaint is with the chive box, or jiu cai he zi. I absolutely love them. I almost always order them when I go to similar restaurants in Jersey. I also make them when I'm at home and could eat 10 in a day. When it came out, I knew there was going to be a problem. For starters, it was fried to hell and back. Picking it up without the filling falling out was virtually impossible because of the pool of oil it sat in for who knows how long. Then when I took a bite.... I almost spit it all out. It was essentially all chive. There was hardly any egg, and maybe one or two strands of mi fan. The chives were also coated with a thick layer of oil. It was inedible. If I wanted to eat 3 pounds of oily chives, I'd have picked them out of my own garden at home and not paid 4 bucks for it. I wish I never ordered it because it completely ruined brunch for me. I would come back, but shame on me if I order the chive bun again....
Popped in again today after some shopping nearby.   Ordered the scallion pancakes with sliced beef and steamed pork buns (xiang long bao).   Both were perfect for a mid-day lunch along with the green tea. Highly-recommended.  Total for both came to $11 and change with tax.  CASH ONLY.  Service is just ok and a bit aloof.
Everything we ordered was delicious. The pan fried pork buns looked so good we ate them before I had a chance to take a picture. They were perfectly cooked and squishy balls of heavenly goodness.The food arrived so fast. Great service and yummy food. We will for sure come back.
This place is amazing! The soup dumpling compared toJoe Shanghai is so much better. This one time I asked for a cup of ice and they said they had no ice which made no sense to me but that's whatever. The rice cake with shredded chicken is really good and the cold soy milk is also good! I should be checking in more often! The scallion pancake with beef is also delicious! I have no bad complaints about this place besides the whole ice situation.
The best soup dumpling experience I've have so far! I am not Asian, so my knowledge is limited, but I'm certain any regular of this place would agree. Highly recommend the scallion pancakes, crispy noodles with shredded chicken and Shanghai pan fried udon noodles.
There is literally no services at this  restaurant. The breakfast is mediocre unless you are really in mood for dumpling.  We were first order and last to be serve along with other customers. We end up cancel the two items that never came and leave with dignity. We are here to enjoy and appreciate the good food and not throw away the hard earn money.
We got the steamed pork soup dumplings (~$6 for order of 6), scallion pancake without beef ($5), and hot soy bean milk (~$1.50). Everything was rly good and rly cheap!! Service was fast. Highly recommend.
Very decent soup dumplings, very delicate and soft dumpling skin and a little more on the sweet side than salty like the famous Joe's Shanghai. They have other breakfast menu items like the salted soybean curd and fried crispy dough. They have a generous selection of chilled dishes you can pick in the front of the restaurant. Always packed no matter what time you decide to go. If they could somehow figure out how extend their space to allow more seating that could help with the seating. The staff isn't always the happiest or courteous but I come here for the food so that never bothers me.
My absolute favorite meal in NYC! It was a close tie with Nyona which, I gave five stars but, I just had to knock this place down to 4 stars solely because of cleanliness and service BUT, it is five stars is flavor. If there is one thing you get here, let it be the Xiao Long Bao. That is clearly what everyone comes here for. Gigantic, delicate, delicious, meaty and soupy dumplings. These little pockets of heaven are so good on a cold day. I've been to Din Tai Fung and yes, everyone thinks they are the best and I would arguable say they are amazing but, between the two, I actually prefer Nan Xiang. Sure, the dough is a little thicker and a little grainy but, so much soup!!!We also had the Cold Tofu Dish which, was a great way to start the meal. It tasted like a mild kim chee flavor and the tofu had an interesting consistency. It was firmer than normal tofu and looked a bit like gluten actually. We loved it either way and it got our appetite going. The Pan Fried Noodles were also a favorite and all of us fought over who would have the last bite. A lot of people mentioned the Beef and Green Onion Pancake here but, I didn't love it. The dough was a bit too thick and the pieces of beef were quite dry. I actually preferred the pancake on it's own. Be forewarned to get everything we ordered BUT, the Wontons in Spicy Oil. Dear goodness this was awful. I can't even tell what was in this sauce other than spicy oil but, it separated from the oil and looked and tasted like peanut butter. The wontons were dry and looked plastic..it was just AWFUL.Overall, great restaurant in Flushing and definitely a memorable Xiao Long Bao experience!
This is a great place! I really love the xiaolongbao here. Really good food! will come here again.
I never did a Shanghai style dumpling house before, but I decided to take a chance while welcoming in a friend from out of town.  Worth every penny!  For $30 (including a generous tip), I got hot tea and plenty of delicious dumplings.  The Xiao Long Bao is this lovely soft sticky savory treat.  The pan fried udon was a pleasant surprise as well.  I definitely want to go back.
Yum! This place lives up to the hype. My hubs and I heard about it through one of Eddie Huang's online vignettes and decided to make the trek over from Astoria. We ordered four items: the pork soup dumplings, the crab and pork soup dumplings, the beef scallion pancake, and the spicy beef noodle soup. By the way, the soup dumplings are called "steamed buns" on the English menu (wrong translation!)Soup came first and it was a little bland and not as spicy as I was expecting it to be -- maybe they toned it down for the American crowd? But I just added a lot of chili oil (condiment available on the table) and I was happy. The chili oil also gave it a good kick of flavor. Beef scallion pancake was good -- super crispy on the outside, almost like it was deep fried. The highlight of our meal though were the soup dumplings! We liked the crab and pork ones the best because they were so flavorful. Hubby said that he didn't even need to dip them into the black vinegar sauce, although the sauce was a must for the pork ones. I'd say they tasted even better than the ones at Joe's Shanghai. Four stars! I would've given five if all of the other food was as epic as the soup dumplings.
Yes it's a (gasp) big m recommended eating placeWell we came on a weekday lunch time Packed as can be I have to say I like the number system you a little piece of paper like a deliWe got number 13...lucky or unlucky let the reader decideIt's packed it's noisy it's bustling We had hot tea the second we sat down Friendly enough waitress tells me no no no to wanting rice cake in my bowl of hot as in cooked sweet soy milk    So ok fine No vegetable buns available okSo I order the soy milk and crispy noodles with vegetablesMy friend orders dumplings My soy milk arrives with little slices of fried dough reminiscent of a croutonSoy milk Delish and comforting My noodles arrive crispy lovely tastyAnd where are those dumplings? Lady who arrived after us is suddenly eating dumplings Which we came to believe were my friends after contacting two waitress Finally dumplings arriveWhich these delicate pockets provided a blissful though late experience This is a cash only
Must have: veggie dumpling, soup dumpling, noodle soup.  There is always gonna be a wait when you come during the rush hours( lunch/dinner prime times) The only complain I have is that the soup dumpling is not consistently good. Some days are better than others: the skin of the soup dumpling is not always paper thin :(
Came here with 3 people for diner and had the beef and chili pepper noodle soup, shanghai pan fried u-don, steamed pork buns and steamed crab meat & pork buns.If I only tasted their steamed pork and crab meat buns, it would have gotten 4 stars but I tried their other food and it was just so so.  Not really true taiwanese food despite the decor and the food look the part.  Flavors just wasn't there.The steamed buns were amazing.  I still can't figure out how they have so much soup inside the buns.  I stood and watched them make it for at least 5 minutes and not once did I see a frozen cube put into the xiao long bao.  I do think that the abundance of soup is unique but it's too much.  Because there is too much soup, there is too much fat in the soup from the meat.  No so good in my opinion.  If they used leaner meat, it would be better but I'm sure that will affect the amount of soup.  I would recommend this place because I could see how some people love the extra soup in the xiao long bao.  I'd come back here again but I wouldn't make a special trip out to this place.
We checked in here for some Chinese food when we had to make a trip to Queens. We had heard about the great Chinese places which exist in this neighborhood. We particularly enjoyed the tofu worth vegetables, the pan fried udon noodles and the dumplings. It was very authentic and tasty.
- The best U don noodles, pork soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes you'll find down Main st. The restaurant is pretty clean and they give you free green tea as soon as you sit down. The prices are very cheap, $30 will feed 4 people. I always recommend this place and always come here with friends.
Decent enough Shanghainese fast food. Their soup dumplings really are above average. However, the crab version for a buck more tastes pretty much like the plain version, but with crab shells added. Get there before noon on weekends, otherwise there can be a bit of a wait. This genre of food is, by nature, greasy (this is not a criticism). You can't eat too much of it at once, which means you are going to get hungry later!
Loveeee this place. Not sure if it's the same as the one in Shanghai or not, but its delicious! I would recommend:Beef TendonGarlic CucumberPork XLBPickled radish noodle soupPan fried pork bunsCASH ONLY! Expect a 15-20 minute wait as well.
Nothing too specailNot so good or bad
5 Stars. No doubt. Came here specifically for the soup dumplings which were absolutely out of this world. Our party of four ordered 6 helpings! Found them a little difficult to eat at first, but once we got the hang of it we couldn't eat them fast enough! We also ordered a rice patty dish, which was delicious, but the dumplings were the real star here. I also want to make sure to shout out the house tea that was served. Soothing and delicious. Must have drank 10 cups! If you are heading out to Flushing for some authentic Chinese fare or dumpling tour, this is a must go. In case you can't find the joint, it has a red awning. No wait on a Saturday night, although the place was busy. I can see this being hit or miss. Cash only, but you can get out of here for under $20 a person. Seriously. Go here. This place is top-notch.
Came here twice with different friends.The first time I came everything was amazing, from service to food. The second time, the service was ehhh and food was still great hence the 4 star instead of 5.Each time I came, we ordered crab meat, pork soup dumpling and scallion pancake. Nomnomnom they were all delicious each time. The soup dumplings here are bigger than the ones from Shanghai Manor, Joe's Shanghai and Joe's ginger. But I thought that they were too cheap with the crab meat on the crab meat soup dumpling. Save yourself a dollar and just get the pork dumplings, they are the same thing.Also CAUTION!! the last time I came the waitress/cashier had inconsistent amount from our bill and thankfully my friend saw the waitress take some money from our bill or else we would have been there forever arguing.
Had the pork soup buns, it was okay. Enough soup, but not salty enough for my taste. Heard it was good and I was around the corner so I gave it a try. I've had better soup dumplings. Waiters speak mostly mandarin
This review is just for the soup dumplings!! That's all that's fair to review anyway, we just came here in a group and ordered a pot of soup dumplings each. Originally we were going to go to Joe's Shanghai, but were talked out of it by my friend's boyfriend's family. I haven't had Joe's but I definitely don't regret the decision! There were 6 dumplings for 5.95 (I think) and the skin was pretty thin, holding plenty of soup within.
The soup dumplings were delicious! I can't say it's the best that I've ever had or that it blew my mind but it was definitely as good as I expected. The pan fried dumpling buns (might not be actual name) were pretty good too. My friend loved the scallion pancakes also. The noodles weren't that great though. Super oily and ehh. The only downside to this place is that it's cash only. For such a busy and popular place, I don't understand why they won't accept cards.
no need to explain more. they have one of the best xlb in ny. also, their tripe and beef (fu qi Fei pian) is something u must get. scallion oil noodles are a plus as well. the beef scallion pancakes are awesome as well.
About a ten minute wait on a cold Sunday afternoon (we arrived around 1:30). Ordered the sweet soy milk, the doufuhua (tofu fa or tofu in sweet water = dessert), as well as the spicy wontons. Neither my boyfriend nor I is a huge fan of xiaolongbao, so this review isn't even going to touch on that particular dish. As usual, the sweet soy milk came in a bowl with soup spoons. It wasn't as sweet as I would have liked, but was apparently perfect for my boyfriend. Worked well, as he drank most of it. The tofufa was decent, but not particularly memorable. The spicy wontons were not what either of us expected. Wontons in a spicy oil/sauce with thick peanut sauce. Definitely heavier than I thought, but I was impressed by the tastiness of the dumpling skin. I can see why the xiaolongbaos here are popular.Our entire bill was about $8. Pros: CHEAP, and the dumpling skins are really quite goodCons: Service was a bit hustle-bustle.3.5 stars
Juicy plump round little dumplings. Fresh and steaming hot in a basket towering one above another. The Xiao Long Bao (XLB) is displayed like jewels on a bed of steamed lettuce. This is what awaits you at Nan Xiang Dumpling House. The michelin rated tire guys in the window don't hurt either.When I lived in the city we used to go to Goodies but now that place is long gone that's why I am glad there is an XLB place near me that I can always go to. I love the tangy taste of the vinegary soy sauce with the slivers of the ginger are the best and mixes so well with the "soup" in the dumplings. I like the pork ones and this is my favorite place to get it. They also have crab and pork if you want to try it but i am an obstinate pork soup dumpling lover so much that its like I live here. The dumpling skins are not extremely delicate which I like and withstand the poking and prodding and are thick enough to hold in all the soup but be careful with the prongs still and place them gingerly in your soup spoon. Blow on it or make a little nibble on top so there is a tiny hole so it can breathe and you can spoon some of the soy sauce into it. I come here almost every week so I can practice gobbling them up and fitting them whole in my mouth. By now I should be a giant dumpling.You also have to try the beef scallion pancake prepared very crispy and good to share with 2 friends since they cut it in 3 pieces or you can share with one and fight over the last piece but that's okay because I like to leave more room for the soup dumplings.If you want an exotic appetizer you can try the sliced chilled pig ear. If you want to try other dishes you can get the pan fried noodle or the lo mein with the thick shanghainese noodles almost udon-like and very thick. Go with the pork or beef. The seafood ones are ehh. A lot of the other food is spicy and they have different noodle soups here you can get but for me its all about the XLB.  Try to order all of your XLB at one time because if you want a second serving it may take a long time for them to make it and you will just be sitting there with nothing to eat in XLB envy of the other tables around you. Be prepared to share a table if you are seated in the main dining room. They expanded and so the wait time is not murder like before where its like a 2 hour wait on the weekend but this place is still extremely busy so come early or coming here on a weekday is your best bet. The service here is pretty terrible. its pretty disorganized and even though they expanded they have the same number of staff but more demand and more customers which is trouble if you ask me. Its very easy to get forgotten here so wave your arms like a crazy person if you want service and make sure you keep your eye on their list they may skip you and not know. it also helps if you speak mandarin.If you want something to drink try the hot soy milk. It always gives me a calming effect whenever I drink it. its just something very comforting about hot soy milk that's made fresh and looks so serene in its large bowl. Ask for the sweet soy milk because the plain can be a bit bland. You drink it like a bowl of soup.If you dig XLB you gotta try Nan Xiang be prepared to wait and have patience though.
This place truly does have good xiao long bao, but everything else is very oily. Other dishes are drenched in oil, the service is fast but not very welcoming. I definitely have been to a restaurant with better xiao long bao, less oily more flavorful food, and better service.The restaurant itself isn't very appealing in terms of cleanliness. But of course that isn't always something thats important when eating in a chinatown area. I think this restaurant can improve in its food. But I will point out they do have good xiaolongbao and chicken soup.
Extremely good xiao long bao for reasonable prices. Second time coming here, and the quality was still great. Had a variety of dishes here and they all were great. xiao long bao had an extremely amount of juices in it, the majority of the other dishes I had were fresh and good taste.Would have been a 5 if the service was not terrible. Had a waiter that just had terrible manners
This place was very good.  We had chicken soup, a pork noodle dish, and a spicy beef and tripe dish.  The menu wasn't terribly clear.  The questions that I thought to ask were answered politely.  I didn't realize that the spicy beef and tripe was served cold, but the owner/manager offered to nuke it for me.  Much better!
Mixed feelings about this place for sure. Obvi that the dumplings are good here and the best in town, but everything else is shit. The wait outside is shit. The service is par. The cleanliness of EVERYTHING there is shit. Down to the cups they use. They pour hot tea in, there are still oil bubbles floating on top, meaning you're drinking some dirty oil. More than a few occasions I smelled chlorine in the "cleaner" cups. So you might be drinking Clorox residue? The spoons are gross too. Maybe take out is the answer to this place.
Get the xiaolong bao and the spring onion pancake with beef.The bao lives up to its hype: the skin obviously took some skill to make that supple and delicate. Different from Joe's Shanghai in the other Chinatown, I like both of them, and they have their own charm.The spring onion pancake with beef was simple, but texture, again, was so right on. Will return. If they do these 2 dishes so well already I'd like to see what else they have to offer.
Finally got around to trying Nan Xiang XLB and they did not disappoint. First of all, I love seeing the women in the corner making the dumplings, it's very reassuring that they're fresh and made to order. The XLB were definitely bigger than Kung Fu and tasty to boot! The soup was ace - the Joe's Shanghai soup is very thick and fatty, the Kung Fu soup is light and brothy. This was literally the Goldie Locks option - not too fatty, not too light. Perfectly seasoned and delicious, the skin was thin but never broke on me. One of the other staples I order at Shanghai places are rice cakes. I enjoyed the rice cakes, not too greasy or over fried, the rice cakes themselves were very "al dente" if almost too al dente. They're also weirdly small? In terms of rice cakes i'd pick Kung Fu over here and Joe's too. But these are hands down my favorite XLB. I'll be back!
This dumpling house is considered to be the best in this area of Flushing by most and it does deliver.Their hot soup pork dumplings are great and so is the crispy noodles with beef and scallion pancake with beef. I would definitely recommend all of them.Cash only. On street parking and muni-lot right across the street.
Service is bad .... I always think they hate me.. But it's cool I still come back bc it's so cheap good and close.They can still take my money
Very good taste, although the fried dumpling can improve much better. I only tried few things, they are wonderful. I definitely will go one time a month.
I have been a loyal nanxiang fan long before it became popular and they expanded across 3 storefronts. My favorite is the crab meat soup dumplings. The soup in the dumplings cannot be beaten. In addition, nanxiang also has the shredded beef pepper noodle soup which is also delicious. Love everything they have!
I think that the soup dumplings here were decent. Better than most, but I still think that Joe's Shanghai had better dumplings. We ordered the jellyfish and turnip dish and the plate was filled with 95% turnip and the rest was jellyfish which was very disappointing. We also ordered the scallion pancakes, and I was not happy with them. It was over fried in my opinion and I think Joe's does a better job with this dish than Nan Xiang. I also had some noodle dishes and these were only average. I won't be coming back to this restaurant unless it is just to get a fast snack of soup dumplings.
Best soup dumpling I've ever had.I really suggest trying out their cold appetizers if you like exaggerated flavors. Cucumber and garlic is my favorite, I eat it with the soup dumpling because the soup inside can be too hot.
Since I don't make the trek out to Flushing all too often, I was worried about the wait for Nan Xiang according to Yelpers. We went at 6pm on a Saturday and luckily did not have a wait!We tried the following dishes:Pork soup dumplings (4 stars)Crab & pork soup dumplings (5 stars)Both really good, though I preferred the crab over the pork. Next time I am just going to only order soup dumplings for the entire meal. You have to wait 20 minutes for your pork bun order so if you're hungry, order as soon as you sit down.Cold plates (4 stars): Jellyfish & turnip Seaweed saladPickled cucumbers Appetizers:Scallion pancake (1 star) way too fried Chili oil dumplings (1 star) terrible, have had had much betterShu mai (3 stars) filled with sticky rice rather than the traditional filling, which was interesting but not my favorite Noodles: Rice cakes with shredded pork (2 stars) only tried a bite but they weren't my favorite
They are known for their soup dumplings so it is a must have, but you have to be careful of the hot soup inside of it. Just bite a little bit of the skin and drink the soup (: They have the best soup dumplings in Flushing! Entrees- Beef with hot pepper noodle (dry) is good, they also have it with soup but it is a milder flavor. The shanghai udon and beef with crispy noodle are also really good.They also have cucumber with garlic and they peel off the skin unlike other places so give it a try if you're a fan of garlic.
What a hidden gem! Located in Flushing/Queens chinatown. The menu is fairly reasonable and cheap. We ordered the soup dumpling, it was nicely presented. The XLB was thin, delicate, enormous, and most importantly NOT BUSTED. It was quite juicy. Compared to Joe's, the soup broth here is less salty and more bland. Overall, i felt like the XLB here is more well made and they take it seriously. My biggest pet peeve is to have XLB served busted!!!
I'd never had soup dumplings before and they came out piping hot! Since i wasn't expecting the gush of hot savory soup, we both burnt our tongues and lips a bit. The pain was worth it. The dumplings are so delicious.
Consistently good. I've been here too many times to count for more than a decade. Whenever friends are visiting from out of town, I bring them here.
I absolutely love this place.  This is a very fast-paced eating experience.  Their soup dumplings are absolutely to die for.  This is a very busy spot, so prepare to wait on line if you're there over the weekend or during dinner time!  In my experience, employees don't speak much English so prepare to point to what you want on the menu!
You must have the soup dumpling when you come here. First off, the seating my boyfriend and I had was pretty great, we had front row seats to see how the dumpling is made. I love that the chefs made the dumpling fresh by order. I also had the noodles with pork and cabbage. I must admit this place had it the most delicious I've tried so far. Not only was the portion bigger than I expected, the taste was phenomenal. The customer service was also great! And the best part, paid parking right across the street.
My boyfriend and I had a quick bite here recently, and I found the restaurant to be just okay. While the food was inexpensive (and their soup dumplings rivaled Joe's Shanghai's famous ones), other dishes were lackluster. The beef scallion pancakes, for example, skimped on the beef filling (and the beef that was present tasted a bit crunchy) and the jellyfish dish featured more vegetables than jellyfish. Plus, our waitress had attitude, which is something I can never get down with. Happy we went here, but definitely prefer Joe's Shanghai instead.
We came on a Monday night and ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, beef and chilli noodles, pork and cabbage noodles, sweet soy milk, and dough fritters.Soup dumplings: The meat and broth was good, but the dumpling skin was a little on the thicker side.Scallion pancakes: These were very crispy and much better than the other scallion pancakes we've had.The rest of the food was very meh. Both noodles were a little on the salty side and the dough fritters were a little too dense and not too crispy. Soy milk was a little diluted but was fine. Overall a decent experience. Street parking was easy to find on a Monday night. Service was Asian.
I took the advice of some of my fellow Yelpers and made my way here for some soup dumplings.  I am so glad that I did!  We came here for an early dinner, so they were not that crowded yet.  But, with food this good, they were already starting to fill up fast after we were seated.  The soup dumplings are excellent as expected.  The skin was super thin and delicate, and there was a good amount of soup inside.  The Scallion Pancake with Beef was crispy and full of hoisin sauce, scallion, and tender sliced beef.  The flavor was lovely, and I would eat this again and again if I could.  I have had it other places, and it was never this good.  The Sliced Rice Cakes with Beef were cooked perfectly and not too oily, yet none of the cakes were stuck together.  Don't sweat the technique. The cabbage and beef were cut into the most perfect little bites and the sauce was not overwhelming.  The Pork and Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce were the only item that I was not fond of.  Mostly because of the amount of herb and stem in the filling, half and half with the pork.  It was green and tasted like parsley and parsley stem, I do not know if that is exactly what it was, but I did not like it.  The sesame paste/peanut butter flavor sauce was also too strong for me and did not pair well with the wontons, and they were not spicy at all.Everything else was great, and I washed it down with a warm bowl of Sweet Soy Milk.  The only thing that I missed in ordering was the Cold Cucumber side dish, which would have been a nice contrast to the hot foods.
My bf saids that " the place sucks because they have no fried rice, and everything is pork"I really like the dumplings and the crispy noodles.
Best soup dumplings in Queens, hands down! And if you like chives, get their eggs + chives bun. It's literally Chinese chives and eggs, with vermicelli, stuffed in a pastry pocket. They make it fresh daily and its super awesome. Also, instead of getting scallion pancakes, which a lot of people will order just because its on the menu, try their radish cake. Its fresh shredded radish, a little bit of pork (and I mean very little, but its fine...) perfectly seasoned,  rolled up into bite size pieces, covered in Chinese phyllo, and fried. You won't get a better radish cake that's better than this. Most places over cook their radish into a gooey mess. Nan Xiang keeps them with a bite. I hate the parking in downtown Flushing, but I'll do it for Nan Xiang. Shoo... I'll even wake up extra early to be the first one in!
We live in the area and wanted to try this place out since we read about it on the NYT. The place was empty, except for a couple, it had a really small strong of fried oil all over that stuck to our clothes.The food was very interesting, all new things and very very flavourful. The very big problem was the waitress, we had this young girl who basically didn't even set up the table or brought us water. We had to ask for everything, also knives and napkins because all she did was point us the forks.Nobody explained the menu so we ended up getting a lot of bread things that didn't go well together. Again, the food was great, but the service and place were really lacking a lot. I haven't read anyone complaining about it so it might be a one time experience, but it was bad, and we had guests and it was deeply embarrassing..This is one of the cases when 18%Tip is definitely not right
AWESOME Xiaolongbao. AMAZING. Simple but delicious.I like this place better than the Din Tai Fung I have in Seattle, and I was surprised with the size of the dumplings. They seem larger than the ones at DTF, but in this case, bigger was definitely better! More delicious pork juices flowing out of each dumpling I placed on my soup spoon.I had high expectations for this place after reading the loads of reviews on Yelp and other places, but Nan Xiang exceeded both my and my father's expectations! Delicious and easy, the way it should be.
Finally decided to stop by here for dinner after wanting to try their famous soup dumplings since forever. With that being said, one of the best decisions of my life. Stopped by after the dinner rush hour (10ish pm) so there was no wait. Score! Now for the food... Appetizers- 1. Spicy beef & tripe (夫妻肺片) - this is a MUST order. This is a very popular dish in Szechuan and Shanghai cuisine and can be found on almost any menu. I've had it at quite a few other restaurants but never as delicious as they've made it here. Thinly sliced beef that was NOT dry (amazing) along with tender sliced tripe in hot chili oil and cilantro. It was so delicious I had to order another plate to go. 2. Jellyfish turnip salad - skimpy on the jelly fish. This was mostly shredded turnip. Worth a try but can definitely do without. 3. Scallion pancake with beef - another MUST order. The scallion pancake is super crispy and flakey. Not too thick to make it tough. It is rolled with beef and a sweet hoisin sauce. Delicious! Entrees- 1. Crab meat & pork soup dumplings - OMG can't believe I've waited this long to try this! Best soup dumplings I've ever had. They come in an order of six and are filled with hot soup. I've never seen soup dumplings so juicy and bursting with soup before. The skins were perfect, not too thick like other places. The dumplings retained the plump shape till the minute it enters your mouth- no deflating here. Their house made vinegar is different from other places as well. It's a bit sweeter which I really liked. 2. Crispy noodle with seafood - nothing to rave about. Can definitely do without. Just fill up on more soup dumplings. Now finally for the service- I understand this is a no frills type of place but it wasn't very busy at all. How can you not come to fill our water or tea at least once? Our scallion pancake came after we were done with our entrees. I hate when food doesn't come out in order because it throws the whole meal off balance. We had to wait a long time before getting our check. However the food is amazing enough that I will definitely be coming back. The hype is real for once. Nan xiang definitely puts Joe's Shanghai to shame.
I know my friends like this place, but came here today with my parents in the morning and what a terrible experience. The service was slow though there were 2 good waitresses, the soy milk might have gone bad (my mom and I both had diarrhea afterwards) and the crispy dough they brought out was cold. Soup dumplings were great, but who cares at this point. Best to avoid breakfast I think...
Great food. A BIT PRICEY for the breakfast items. Good service. Nice atmosphere.
They didn't have crackers so I have nothing to say, the food was amazing and so was the service I came for the crackers but there was none probably not going to go back cause no crackers but any non cracker lovers check this place out
Super great value for the fried pork buns and enough to share. Warm, salty soy milk bowl wasn't great and tasted rather watery. You will feel rushed from the second you are seated. Tables are sticky all the time and you will be sitting on a stranger's lap.
Quick, greasy, unpretentious dim sum. What more can I say? I went one weekend with a friend from out of town, got there around 4pm, and waited for about 10 minutes. We split a bunch of different dishes, all of it was great.
The real Chinatown is actually in flushing. Authentic and clean. We come here every time we visit nyc.
Why 5 stars? Because the dumplings are absolutely perfect. Go for the pork soup dumplings. The fried dumplings were also perfection but the masterpiece is the soup'ers. The udon and beef scallion pancakes were also noteworthy.  Cheap prices and no frills service add to the flushing atmosphere.
noodles, rice cakes, dumplings and soup dumplings! yum yum yum. they don't serve rice here so be warned. there's always a wait but it's a short time and that's because the food comes out so fast. i love it here and so did our out of town guests! i believe this is a cash only place but don't quote me in that. the only dish i didn't like was the cold cucumbers but that's because i don't like cucumbers!
Best Xiao Long Bao in NYC, and chicken soup!  If you live in NYC you gotta make a trip out to flushing and spend the day eating around at all the best chinese spots in NYC.  In flushing I also recommend: Gui Lin Mei Fan, the basement at New World Mall, Hunan House, the BBQ cart outside the Chase Bank, and the BBQ cart outside Nan Xiang, Eastlake Seafood, and Red Bowl Noodle soup.
Like everyone said the best place for Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings). The first time I came here was February 2012,it was only one section(store). Now there is 3 sections(taking over other stores). The store still gets very busy and that's what you know it's good! Don't expect too much from the service. It is best to order the Xiao Long Baos so it will come faster. Expect more from the Xiao Long Bao. The skin is very thin yet contain a good amount of juice inside (it is freshly made in the side). After having their Xiao Long Bao, I only come back here for Xiao Long Baos, nowhere else. the other food in their menu is okay it's not outstanding to convince me to come back like their Xiao Long Bao.(Note: When their busy the quality of the Xiao Long Bao is not as good.)
No wait on a Thursday night but was seated next to another table almost like we were on their date. Soup dumplings are good but not better than Joe's ( sorry ) The pan fried dumplings are wayyyy to doughy and thick. Not a fan.The scallion and beef pancackes were alright but I examined my meat and was kinda weirded out as to what kind of beef was I actually consuming.....Can't speak for the other Chinese dishes but I probably would prefer to go back to Joe's.
Good food at great prices!   I would give this place 5 stars if the cashier didn't have attitude.Beware of the younger skanky looking cashier with really small eyes with very fake long eyelashes!  If she gives you attitude, give it right back.
Went here for lunch with some co-workers. Place was pretty busy at lunch-time on a Friday afternoon, but we were seated immediately. Everything was absolutely amazing. Our group of 4 shared 3 orders of the pork/shrimp soup dumplings, an order of scallion pancakes, an order of fried udon, and an order of the pan fried vegetable noodles. We finished everything and left full and it was only $15 each, including tip. The food came pretty fast, but the service left a little to be desired. Will be back this summer.
We arrived on a Saturday night around 6:30pm and it was a shorter wait than I had expected -- just 15 minutes. The beef and scallion pancakes are a must eat. We also ordered the crispy noodle with shredded pork, which was decent. As for the soup dumplings, the dough wrapper is definitely a little thicker than say Joe's. The soup is also a little sweeter. It's good, don't get me wrong, but I still think (despite what many others say) that Joe's is my favorite. The bill was less than $20 for the both of us. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit, but could be tempted if I'm in the area.
A definite family favorite when in Flushing, this place has what I would say are arguably the best xiao long bao (Shanghainese soup dumplings) in New York City.  I get pretty picky with my soup dumplings and different places are constantly on my radar but this place has been pretty consistent with the quality of their soup dumplings as of late.  Each order has six soup dumplings which are filled with warm soup.  With or without the ginger and vinegar, these soup dumplings taste delicious!We also usually get their pan fried pork buns, or shen jian bao, though I've had better ones at a different place.  Their cold side dishes are also pretty good.  I would recommend the bean curd with mixed vegetable and the soy peas, cabbage & shredded bean curd which is a little spicy but amazing.If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait since this place doesn't take reservations and usually has a line going out the door.  All or most members of your party must be present before being seated.  Every time we go, we get our basic staples but also branch out and try new things.  The soy milk (cold/hot, sweet or salty) is pretty good and other dishes such as noodles and rice cakes are definitely worth a try.  The only things I would stay away from are the scallion pancake with sliced beef, the fried bun with chives and eggs, and the turnip puff.  Everyone in my family agreed that these items were too deep fried which made them not as authentic or tasty.  Needless to say, we've only ordered those items once!  If you want the legit thing, look for these items elsewhere.  Other than this minor caveat, I give this place a wholehearted recommendation!
i've been trying to find shengjian bao in America and this is the only place that comes close to yang's in Shanghai. Their xialongbao are much better than joe's. Prepare to wait for the table. And service isn't the greatest. But definitely worth the trek to flushing.
I had to visit a place in Flushing for the best XLB in NYC. And of course, the Yelpers were correct~!!Me and my friends visited the place craving for some XLB. A couple of my friends didn't like going out to eat, since he lives in NYC, and I, a yelper had to show him the places to eat. It was extremely awkward.The place was packed, but the wait was very brief. Maybe, 10 minutes. Once we were seated, we ordered since we knew what we wanted, deep fried pancake, sui mai, and two trays of XLBs.The deep fried pancakes were delicious. The crispiness was perfect and it wasn't as oily as I thought. The pancake crackled and popped in my mouth ;) and the meaty filling was delicious. The crispiness was only on the outside, while the layers were perfectly smooth and filled with chives. T'was a perfect dish, and I recommend it!The sui mai here was very special. It was made in a such a unique way. The sui mai's insides were filled with sticky rice, and there were small meat bits in it. It wasn't meaty, and it wasn't hearty, which I wanted. So I wouldn't recommend this dish to anyone. It's not worth your money or time.To end off the adventure of the day, we had to get the XLB, DUH DOI~!! We ordered two longs of XLBs, and once they came, we devoured them all in a couple of minutes. The small soup content of the XLBs were delicious and plentiful. The juicy meatball in the middle was flavorful and it is amazingly delicious when hot. Will be coming back to here for amazing XLBs~!! Such an amazing time in NYC~!
It's one of the go to places for a great Shanghai Soup Dumpling fix.  Their soup dumpling is succulent and filled with right amount of juicy well seasoned soup expected of an extraordinary soup dumpling.  Now why the 4 star?  Not everything on their menu is as good as other restaurants. Such as their scallion pancake always served dried, pork & veg. dumpling in spicy sauce has wrong filling and sauce mix is deplorable, jelly fish with turnip has almost no jelly fish, scallion pancake with beef is not up to par, crispy dough is way over cooked so harden instead of crispy....  in other words come here for their soup dumpling and a few of the other items, but skip some essential Shanghai staples. But they still amazing just for their soup dumpling alone.
It's a small place, looks like a hole in the wall but the food is great and you can't beat their prices! I highly recommend theyre soup dumplings!
Tourists go to Joe's Shanghai.  People who actually want good siewlongbao (pork soup dumplings) go to Nan Xiang.  Flanked by 66, Bangkok and a cantonese restaurant whose name I can never remember, Nan Xiang is one of Flushing's brightest spots for a great meal.As many a Yelpologist has mentioned, the wait can get long during peak hours.  My friend and I went after the prime dinner rush, so we were given a number and seated in about five minutes.  Always crowded and always bustling, we gave our order immediately and waited for our soupy goodness.  We had the pork soup dumplings and the noodles with beef in spicy chili oil (first for me), and we weren't disappointed.  The dumplings are consistently delicious, and the noodles were deliciously greasy and thick.On several other occasions, I've had the cold cucumber dish and the duck tongue (DUCK TONGUE!), and those are great for contrasting the steamy fatty dumplings.  I generally go for an order of the pork dumplings and an order of the crab ones, and you really can't go wrong with either.Is it authentic Shanghainese? Beats the heck out of me.  I'm a whitewashed Korean. Is it delicious? Ohyoubetcha. Is it better than Joe's Shanghai? Ohyoubetcha...er? If you go to Nan Xiang based on my review, and are disappointed, kindly let me know, and I will apologize, and give you the opportunity to buy me dinner somewhere else.
Very mediocre! The noodle cake dish was tasteless and the dumplings were SO doughy. The only redeeming dish was the beef scallion pancakes. The service was the worst part. But the food wasn't far behind. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Soup dumplings are amazing and handmade on site in the small restaurant. As a result, you wait a long time for a table and for the food but good things come to those who wait! Not a huge selection but they know their wheelhouse and stay in it. Don't expect amazing service or great ambiance. It's good food at cheap prices. Cash only.
Got their pork soup dumplings as well as their beef scallion pancake. Their soup dumpling was amazing. Definitely worth the wait. Maybe even better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan. The dumpling is literally filled with soup. My first bite, I squirted out a bunch of soup at my food partners' face. My bad. Anyhow, the skin was nice and thin. The pork was up to par from the other places I have tried. BUT the beef scallion pancake was bad. That killed my experience here. There was too much hoisin sauce that it took over the whole pancake. Tsk tsk...you did me wrong...but I'll be back for their soup dumplings :)
3.5 stars. This place used to be better. Nowadays more of a madhouse...especially on weekends with the unruly wait. Sometimes the service gets spotty during peak hours.This is the best in NY (yes, even compared to the tourist traps in Chinatown). Everything is good, but could improve starting with craftsmanship of every dish. The standard dishes like crab meat soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, and even Shanghainese rice cake (alternatively noodles) should upgrade on presentation (comes out a mess on the dish sometimes) and pack a more flavorful kick in every bite.They are all a bit bland, even compared to real Jiangzhe regional cuisine that is slightly sweeter by default/This place is still good enough to be recommended. When I ever have time to go to Flushings, this is always on my list. Seems that going during off hours are a good bet if you are not looking to wait/hoping to get your chow on asap.
Delicious dumplings at a cheap price! My go to dumpling place in Queens. Definitely must try.
Was super excited to try this place after seeing all the raves about it on yelp. Love their spicy beef with tripe, spicy and very tasty! Their steamed crab meat and pork bun are mediocre in my opinion because lacks crab flavor. I still think Joe Shanghai's pork buns are better. I'm not a fan of scallion pancakes but their scallion and beef pancakes are good very crispy definitely better than other places I've tried!
Been wanting to come here for years...finally! Although I personally don't think their soup dumplings are the "best in New York" as a lot of people I know claim, they are good- bigger, but u get only 6 per tray. Their side dishes are the winners though. On my visit, we got:1. Pork Soup Dumplings2. Spicy Beef and Tripe: excellent. It's swimming in hot oil and red pepper seeds, but it's really not as spicy (mild+) as it looks.3. Noodle in soy sauce: sounds simple, but so GOOD. The noodles are freshly homemade and are nice and chewy. Need nothing more than a lil oil and nice soy sauce.There are also scallion pancake with beef, stir-fry rice cake...etc. I'll need to try in the future. This place is def worth a visit.Wait wasn't so bad on a Sunday afternoon: 10mins.
2 Steamed pork buns (cuz we liked this one better)Steamed crab meat & pork bunsCucumber & garlicRan out of spicy beef tendon :(Substituted slice pig ear with spicy saucePopular yelp reviews of the Scallion pancake with sliced beef, so we had to try it out for ourselves. It was delicious but someone at our table found a piece of hair in there. Complained and they offered another dish. Overall it was good, better than Joe's Shanghai.
The best Chinese lunch ever. Fresh delicious $ loved it. We had the beef with garlic and general Tao. Im pretty picky on Chinese and it was awesome. Will be back for sure.
It's a great place with authentic south eastern Chinese food. We've been there for quite a few times and love this place. The price is reasonable too. Would recommend to people who are from Shanghai and Hangzhou areas.
AMAZING XIAO LONG BAO/SOUP DUMPLINGS!Absolutely a must have at this place. Came during a busy Saturday morning/lunch hour and the waitress told us would be about 20 mins for our soup dumplings. Not a problem, while we waited we ordered the SCALLION PANCAKE. Oily and fluffy just as it should be, order it! Also got the FRIED DOUGH (aka Chinese Cruller in disguise), mehhh nothing special, you can easily get some from the Flushing markets for cheap. No complaints about service this time, but don't expect it to be 100% on point though.Super wallet friendly and perfect warm soup dumplings to hit the spot on a cool autumn day!Don't be "That Guy" with the card....cash only!
Before my trip, I usually like to do some research on some local food.  Just to make it more interesting, something to look forward to aside from biz meetings. So this place seemed to be the place for soup dumplings or xlb as many have referred to. Location, I guess it's good as long as you can find parking in this crazy side or Chinatown. Been to Flushing many times over the years, and it has really grown. This is on a Tuesday night, and yet, I had to go round and round to find parking. Anyway, was able to find parking between this place and the new world food court which I was curious to check out. When I came in around 730p, I was seated to share a table of another single eater. Service was fast and friendly, which is not typical in a Chinese restaurant. I was hungry, so ordered the traditional pork xlb and a beef noodle soup. The soup came first and it was disappointing before I even taste it. It wasn't the Taiwanese style i was expecting. The soup was more clear, but it has some spice to it. The beef was cut into little cubes with no spinach or other ingredients. It tasted fine, but very simple.  Something I could have made at home. Ok, so the xlb came next. I think it was about 6 to an order. I've had my share of xlb including China, and these are indeed some of the best I've had in awhile. The skin was thin enough to hold the broth, but not overly where it's like a large clump of dough on top. It stayed in its form nicely and wasn't flat. The broth was plenty juicy and steaming hot (yes, becareful of eating it whole).  Flavor was spot on with a little sauce. I quickly finished all 6 of them and ordered another 6.  About 10 min went by and I realized I was actually kinda full as I ate it so fast. But the xlb was here, so I took my time to savor it the 2nd time around.As with many places around Chinatown, make sure to bring cash. I thought they took cc, as that was the other reason I didn't want to eat at that big food court, but I ended still paying cash here. If this was just for the xlb, I would give 5 stars. But the noodle was a total disappointment, and their limited menu knocks it down to 4.
It pains me to remove a star. Ha!I have been here probably 3 dozen times in the last 3 or so years. I know what to expect in terms of  "service" at chinese restaurants. The food is still 5 stars.But I have to remove a star for the following reasons.They expanded the restaurant 2 times since I have first been here, but the amount of staff remains the same, so now you can sit down faster but you wait longer for menu, food, utensils, basically anything you need.They don't recognize us, I feel like since I go here so much, we should at least get a nod or something, maybe even a smile. Nope. And I always tip well even though service is non existent. Last time they forgot one of my orders, They gave it to the table next to us that came later and probably didn't even order it but decided to eat it anyway. When this was finally realized they said they ran out of it. I have very low expectations for service but come on dont forget my order completely and not fix it.
The spicy wontons are really good too,, not really spicy but has a great flavor!!i think this place has the best soup dumplings i've ever tasted!
This is my favorite favorite FAVORITE restaurant for soup dumplings.  Whenever I have the craving, I dream about eating and start drooling from the beautiful pictures I remember in my head.
This is the restaurant that I visit every other time when I am in Flushing.  No 5 stars from me because half the time I got the rude waitress, and that the restaurant is so cramped that often times we have to share the table with other people.  Their flagship Soup Dumplings definitely live up to par.  Definitely order them as soon as you sit down before you order any dish as It could take up to 30 minutes!  Other dishes I'd recommend: Fish Noodle Soup with Pickled Cabbage (lots of fish), Pork Chops Noodle Soup (huge pork chop), and Scallion Pancake with Beef Slices.  Make sure to ask to have Hoisin Sauce on the side for the Scallion Pancake -- several times they put way too much sauce in the pancake and ruined the dish.  I don't recommend their Rice Balls -- this is the only place where I had rice balls without pickled radish in them.  I also don't recommend the Hot Soy Milk Soup -- they put tiny fish in it, making it very fishy which is not what I'd expect.  Oh, one last tip: don't go at peak hours because you'll have to wait outside for a long time.  While the food is good here, it's not worth waiting for more than 30 minutes.  There are plenty of other great restaurants in town!
Best soup dumplings ever! We usually get the pork and crabmeat flavors, but really you can't go wrong with any of them. Make sure they are the first orders that you place in because it takes roughly 20 minutes for it to be done. Shanghai pan fried udon and the rice cakes w/shredded pork are also really delicious. Yes, they are a bit greasy, but what do you expect when they are pan fried?! Mmm yummy. I do want to note that the scallion pancakes haven't been consistently good the past few times I went. They were all dough and maybe 2-3 tiny pieces of scallion in each slice. Minus half a star because of that.The place does feel a little cramped so you may not have much elbow room and you may feel like you're sitting on top of your neighbor especially during the colder months with all the heavy jackets, but the delicious soup dumplings all but make up for it. So really a 4.5/5 if only we could give half stars.
Authentic Shanghainese cuisine. All I gotta say is it tastes just like the Nan Xiang I had back in Shanghai every morning for years. The place is super cheap and the food is just wonderful. Just a heads up this place is cash only! The service could be better though not gonna lie.
After hearing so many great things about this Dumpling House, we finally decided to take 7 train and got here at 12 to see if it lives up to its name. I am surprised to see a line waiting for a table here already. Luckily, we only waited for 20 minutes before we got seated. We were pretty hungry so we ordered a lot from the menu. We got the famous soup dumplings (Pork and the crab ones), scallion pancake with sliced beef, stir fried low mein, stir-fried crispy noodles with beef, chicken soup, and turnip pastry. The soup dumplings are definitely one of the best in NYC. The skin is very thin and there is a lot of juice inside. The ground meat inside is tender and meaty. Overall, it deserves an A for their soup dumplings. The scallion pancake with beef is also delicious. They deep fried the pancake so it is crispy and chewy. Unfortunately, they skim on the beef. The stir-fried Shanghai Low mein is very good. Everybody loves that dish. On the other hand, the crispy noodles with beef is also very tasty, especially if you like the yellow crispy wavy noodles. I was not a fan but I was impressed. Finally, the chicken soup has an amazing broth and it comes in a small bowl. We did share it among 4 but it is more meant for one person. We ended up spending $15 per person for 4 people. We were really full and our pocket is happy.
First meal in 30° NY weather and what? Yes. The broth in the pork dumplings are so good. The braised beef noodle soup is also delish!
If you're in the flushing area and are craving xiao long bao (soup dumplings), I would definitely recommend that you try this place. Their soup dumplings are large, fresh and has a very good amount of soup! 6 to a tray and it's about $6-7 for the pork+crab ones which I find delicious! I've had soup dumplings in a lot of different places and nan xiang makes one of the fresher, better tasting ones!  I always pair soup dumplings with rice cakes! Usually I like chicken because the soup dumplings have pork already! My only criticism with their rice cakes is that sometimes it's on the salty side and the chicken slices are not as big as I would like them to be (in comparison to other restaurants in the area). Overall it's still a wonderful dish chock full of vegatables (choy, mushrooms, bamboo etc) and I mean i just can't have soup dumplings without rice cakes! If it's crowded, be prepared to sit unusually (almost but not quite uncomfortably) close to others, just because it's not an extremely large restaurant and their seating arrangements can be tight. Service is mediocre, but I think once you get your hands on the soup dumplings, your focus will be on enjoying your meal and not the people around you! ~chow! =]
The xiao long bao here are the best.  Thinner skin than Joe's Shanghai, so some may prefer Joe's better.  More juicy than Ding Tai Fung in CA and Taipei.  They also have lots of great side dishes.   And last but not least their pan fried pork buns are fantastic, done perfectly, similar to street vendors in Taipei's night markets.
Very good & affordable dim sum. Extraordinary soup dumplings + enjoyed pancake/sliced beef (despite another review that dissed them). Unassuming but clean w/ prompt, friendly service. It's worth the 7 line to Flushing to enjoy this place. Past visits had the place packed, today showed up very early afternoon - easy peasy.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House's soup dumplings are sooo good. I love a good soup dumpling with a lot of soup inside. Every time I go, I'm not disappointed. They are definitely the best place in flushing to get soup dumplings and their noodles are pretty good as well. The only thing was their service was not the best. I ordered the same time as the table next to me and they got their dumplings 15 minutes before us. However when I did complain about that, they gave us a free soy milk drink. Overall, I'm always satisfied with the food and price whenever I eat here.
The best soup dumplings in Brooklyn and Queens.   This place is a must try if you love soup dumplings.   Their food is pretty good as well.
Coming from California (originally) I had a pretty narrow view of what Chinese food was like. So when we visited Flushing recently, our son and his friends took us to a number of places to give us a vision of what we were missing.I'm not sure how I lived over half a century without experiencing xio lóng bāo, but it's a new favorite--and this is now my benchmark for what a dumpling should be. There are a number of other great dishes on the menu (we had several). All-in-all, and outstanding experience.
Fortunately, their food makes up for their terrible service. Soup dumplings are my absolute favorite and this place definitely meets my expectations!  Such good comfort food for some flavorful pork and soup that perfectly fills your spoon. The skin is thin, but of course not too thin that it erupts on you. The scallion pancake is also yummy as well. A nice golden brown crisp with a chewy center.Service always sucks here. I get my food on time but the question is when are they going to take my order and whether I will be hydrated.  There was this one incident when we asked for tea while he gave us our food, looked at us and completely zoomed off somewhere. We had to physically get up to one of the waiters to ask for it and order more food. Then...once I get my soup dumplings I totally forget why I was annoyed tehehehe.
The dumpling is decent, not the best but good enough to get your soup dumpling fix. The staff is beyond rude , but it's flushing. Not the cleanest place to dine at, but again, it's flushing, they open until very late, so you wouldn't feel, notice, or care  if you go after having a few drinks at the bar.
I come here almost once a month with the family.they have the best XLB. the only issue is the wait. So def come here early to beat the crowd.
Hands down the best Xiao long Bao I've had anywhere!  My grandmother and I had a special recipe for these soup buns, but even we can't get close to how much soup is each of these little treasures!  The dumplings (the Xiao long Bao) are chock full of delicious pork broth, and I absolutely love the beef noodle soup.  It's absolutely delicious. Even after I moved to Massachusetts, I still come back to flushing JUST for these amazing buns.  I've been coming here since it was a one-room restaurant that seated about 15 people, and I'm ecstatic that it's expanded so much over the 8 years we've been going.  My family usually orders 6 for 6 people!  (Each order comes with 6 soup buns as well)Here's a trick for eating buns if you haven't seen them much before -- place them on a soup spoon, pierce a side with a chopstick, and them empty the soup into the spoon.  Saves your mouth from getting burned!Don't be put off by a line; the food is well worth any wait.Super authentic and a home away from home.
Lunch for 2, well under $20 bucks. A great deal considering how tasty and filling it was.We started with a piping hot scallion pancake which was simple and great and followed up with an order of spicy beef dumplings and vegetable dumplings. Both were perfect and devoured in moments. You also get a copious amount of blazing hot tea on the house. Really hit the spot.The wait was about 15 mins to be seated and the line was out the door (sucks on a cold day), but it was ultimately worth it since it was such an enjoyable meal. Four stars.
Came here since Eddie Huang dropped by, but man am I glad I did. The food here is just on point, we ordered an assortment of dishes and it all came out in a timely fashion. Too good!
Love the soy beans and bean curd in sesame oil.  The spicy beef in chilli oil over noodles was excellent, the fried pork chops over noodle soup was tasty, the porkchops were a bit sweet for my taste but everyone seemed to like it. The beef and tripe dish was spicy but oh sooo good.  The pig ear dish was just a bit spicy but realy good.The seafood crispy noodles were very crispy but the seafood was a bit on the sweet side to me.  The pork dumplings were good and the skin is thinner than Joe's Shanghai but on my 5 point scale, here's how it breaks down:Taste - 3.5 very good but not phenomenal, soupiness - 5 the amount of soup is excellent, thiness of skin - 5 you can even tear the skin with the tongs if not careful, tenderness of the meat - 4.5 pretty tender and not hard at all.
Excellent soup dumplings!  The menu was a bit limited, but I really enjoyed everything we ordered.  It's definitely the place to go for Xiao Long Bao in flushing.
This used to be our favorite breakfast spot until today. We didn't have a long wait which was nice, but once seated we had to wait to ask a waitress for a menu. After receiving our menus we waited almost 15 minutes before seeing anyone to order. We were excited to order our usual turnip cakes and spicy beef tripe only to find they didn't have it... Umm we were there at9:45am! How could they not have it!!? Once we ordered out food came out in drips and drabs.. Not the usual quick speed, which was fine, whatever maybe they had a new chef or wait staff.. We had to keep asking the waitress where our food was and only when asked it came out. We ordered the jelly fish and turnip and got 95% turnip! Never been to a place that didn't have at least a 50/50 ratio of turnip and jelly fish. Not sure what's more sad... That we won't be returning or that this place is going down hill. I think I'll be frequenting ok Ryan more.
Must order the soup dumplings. Super cheap. Super delicious. Super fast.
Came back and they expanded again the other way. So they are now 3x size of the original rest so plenty of seating. And they found a rhythm to getting their dumplings out in a more timely fashion. Granted they r more Han likely the last thing to come out of what unordered but they are quite good. So def come and taste the authenticity. And watch as the army of dumpling makers go to town making these crafty little masterpieces of deliciousness. Note cleanliness is variable but that's typical of Chinese rest.
Service: 3/5 waitresses hustle and bustle around. Don't expect to be able to sit around too long while eating here as this place is packed. Also, don't expect much privacy either bc the tables are squished together and if you come with just one other person, you will be sitting 1 inch away from another couple.I ordered the crab and pork bun, pork bun, and the pork rice cake and enjoyed them all.  The dumpling skin does rip easily, but the soup inside is flavorful. Crab plus pork was def. better than the regular pork because there was more texture with crab inside.
Very fond of the pork pan fried dumplings as well as the soup dumplings. The seafood soup is good, as well, but bit bland, but it's nothing that some soy sauce can't fit -- or even the broth from the soup dumplings. The one downside is I was expecting a more variety of dumplings.
After spending almost three months in Europe and being deprived of good Chinese food, I had my eye set on this place after doing some research. I went with two other friends, one white and one Asian American. My friend who was white said to me after we took our seats, "Do you know how I know this restaurant is good? It's because I am the only white person in the entire restaurant." Boy was she right! Both she and I were blown away by the soup dumplings especially that first burst of flavor when you bite into it! But please show some respect and do it right! Don't poke a hole! Bite into it and let your mouth fill taste the savory, sweet delicious juices that fill your mouth all at once. Yummyyy.Also, what I really like about this restaurant is its prices! Very cheap and decent. I'll also say that you should expect a line when you come on the weekends as it is very popular. I would also recommend the scallion pancake (a little too bland for me but they're freshly fried so I would still order them anyway) and the sweet soybean milk (the latter for a more personal reason.... b/c I was raised on that kinda stuff). The service is also very good for a Chinese restaurant. The staff is attentive but not too in your face about it. I would definitely come back again! The prices... were around $6 for 6 soup dumplings. Not bad at all! and $1.25 for a giant bowl of sweet soybean soup!!!
Well, since I've been to the real branch in Shanghai, I figured, why not try this one and see how authentic and good it is....hmm...a bit overrated...First, yes, I know it's always busy but when me and my friends (3 all together) walked in, we waited like a good 2 minutes before someone seats us and there were some empty tables so they can't be THAT busy.  In fact, I think they're short staffed.  The waiter tends to disappear from time to time and we pretty much have to flag them down to take our orders and this is like 10-15min in after we sat down.  Now, the food came pretty quick and it was all made fresh.  - You must order the steamed pork soup dumplings since that's what they're famous for and it was pretty good...but I think I would prefer a less starchy soup base.- The pan fried dumplings were good with thin skin so it's not too doughy...but not sure if the price justifies it...-The scallion pancake with beef slices...well, it was the marinated beef and served with hoisin sauce so it can't go wrong.  I would order this again over the regular scallion pancake-Sweet sticky rice...this was way too big and the rice was a bit hard....not very good for digesting and only a bit of the fried curlers were in the middle so a bit off balance right there for me.  -The pork chop soup noodles were good.  I would say this place has one of the better ones compared to the other Shanghainese joints I've tried.My overall conclusion is, not bad, but not like "WOW."  It's definitely overrated so don't travel far just to try this place.  You can probably find decent ones in Chinatown and they're just as good if not better when you balance it all out.
First time trying the scallion pancake with beef - SO GOOD! Topped with oyster sauce and scallion. Thought it sounded weird when I first saw it on the menu but was tastefully surprised. The soup dumplings are of course as yummy as people here say. I have to admit the dumpling skin is better than Joe's in Chinatown.Service was just really crappy. Needed to flag down the waiter to order. Made eye contact to ask for tea and waitress nodded. I see her grabbing the kettle and pouring for another table, thinking she would come over, but nope, just walked away and put it down. Yeah, she did forget we ordered for more tea.Also for those who care about the restaurant rating, it's a C!
the food is good and reasonably priced. we had the Xiao long bao, stir fry rice cakes with pork, fried dumplings, fried pork buns. service was decent and prices were reasonable. we would go back again.
Their pork xlb is amazing! Loved it. We had their scallion pancakes and beef scallion (both excellent). We went on a Sunday (a group of seven) and only waited like 10min wasn't too bad. Overall good experience.
Caught attitude for asking for sugar for my soy milk.  Forgot my soup buns (after waiting 40 minutes - standard is "20minutes". No vinegar I the table. Cups of tea were empty and still no one filled. Shanghai noodles were spicy Bc the the kitchen probably did not clean the wok after using it. 1 star is being generous. Michelin Star? - I have to question when that was given and who they gave the review
I ordered plenty of things here...sweet soy bean milk, noodles with scallions, soup dumplings and sweet sticky rice.  They were all just okay.  There's a C cleanliness rating on the outside of the restaurant and a lady in the kitchen with the flu!  She must have sneezed 10 times as I walked in.  Face all red and nose leaking mucus everywhere!  I glared at her and I think management sent her away.  Maybe I've eaten at Din Tai Fung way too many times...but the dumplings were a bit larger than I expected and not as good.
Place is so packed....but food is delicious. They do not like pictures taken off the staff....so please be respectful of that. It's cash only but sure is worth it.
Came here on a late night, around 11 and glad I did because there was no wait and I've heard this place is always jammed packed. Now I know why. They're homemade buns (soup dumplings) and like no other.  I ordered the pork and shrimp dumpling. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the serviced sucked. The forgot to give me a spoon and I had to flag someone down and the pretty much still forgot. But we already know, not me comes to these places for service, but I would at least expect the basic utensils.
It's cool to see how East and West coast does the same food differently. For example. the soup dumplings (XLB) here had a lighter tasting broth, almost like chicken broth. Din Tai Fung (I'm classifying as west coast since that's the only location in the States) has a deeper, "porkier" broth. Both had a great thin skin with tasty meat filling. Also, the scallion pancake with beef (beef rolls) here uses a very thick and doughy scallion pancake. I'm used to the thin pancake, which results in lots of layers of pancake-beef-pancake-beef. This one was still very good though, even if I felt that they skimped on the meat. At least there wasn't cilantro in this one!The line seemed very long, but it was only about a 20 minute wait for Saturday lunch. The service was pretty friendly and efficient. And I couldn't get over how cheap everything was compared to the same food in Manhattan. Definitely worth the trip to Flushing!
Nanxiang has one of the best soup dumplings in flushing! If you're going to come here on a Saturday / Sunday for brunch good look finding a table! They get a 4 star because the waitress can be a bit rude at times. My boyfriend is highly convinced that it's just the way they talk but I don't know..... I really recommend the scallion pancake with sliced beef! The scallion pancake is so crispy and satisfying!!! I love it. I personally prefer the salt soy bean milk over the sweet one. Would come back!
The pork soup dumplings were ok. Lots of soup and thin skin, but the soup was not too flavorful. The crab soup dumplings were awesome though, lots of flavorful soup. The plain pork soup dumplings' soup is not as good as Joe's Shanghai's (which is kinda greasier than normal, this one is slightly under greasy) but the skin and overall authenticity is better than Joe's Shanghai's However, both soups could be sweeter and or more savory, it was a little one-dimensional with the salty flavor. I'm picky because I am from a place with two Din Tai Fungs, but this place is excellent for Chinese food in New York, though not worth an hour wait if it is crowded (always is on weekends). There was no wait on a weekday. The fried noodles with seafood were Hong Kong style where you mix it up and the super crispy noodles turn softer for a varied texture. Quite satisfying. Fast service.
If you're going here, I'm assuming you're going for the steamed pork dumplings (soup dumplings). I have a favorite soup dumpling place in Boston (Gourmet Dumpling House), and have yet to find a place that does soup dumplings like GDH does, but Nan Xiang Dumpling House comes pretty close. They also have some very cheaply priced Chinese food that seem to be good. But I wouldn't go for the scallion pancakes. They weren't anything special. We also ordered..Shanghai Pan-fried Udon (?) which was pretty good, but a tad on a cold and hard side. If it was warm and fresh, I'm sure it would've tasted even better. All in all, good for soup dumplings and cheap Chinese food. Cash only folks!
Restaurant is just like any other business, u will not go around the city to look for te cheapest doctor or the cheapest lawyer, so why food?And Wow, this is good XLB? What? Really? I love XLB, so I went all the way from city to try this place. Oh boy they suck, crab meat XLB was very tasteless, I did not taste crab meat, and the pork XLB did not have much flavor too.Food cost is so sky high Fir the market but their Price on the menu for XLB was so low, that is why I am not very surprised that their XLB is tasteless. To have real crab meat in there with good pork? Ya right.Small menu, that is the only smart move that this restaurant have. Low price, large quantity, poor service, tasteless crab meat XLB. I'm just glad that I did not have a food poison.
Really great food. The xiao long bao was the highlight (I had never had xiao long bao before).  Don't let the 'C' sanitary inspection rating deter you... I feel like the lack of cleanliness adds a little something to the taste of the dumplings. (Just kidding!) The food was great, the atmosphere was busy, and the value was incredible.  My wife and I ate dinner on a Saturday night for $30 with tip (unheard of!). Our waiter was like an Asian Ron Swanson... No nonsense and to the point.  Fine by me, I was there to eat, not to make friends.Anyway... I will definitely go back, and I recommend it if you're in the mood for good food and an energetic dining room. Bring cash. They only take cash.
I love this place. Everytime I go there is always a line, so expect to wait atleast 20 minutes before being seated. It is always crowded too. I always get a lot of the steamed pork dumplings which are always fresh, hot and very juicy. This is also the place I tried jellyfish for the first time and really liked but the next time I ordered it it was not seasoned as well as the first time but nothing a little soy sauce couldn't fix. I also always get the spicy tripe and beef as I love spicy food, the szechuan peppers in the sauce will make your mouth a little numb. Also if you want to try some of their dessert then go early because they NEVER have the sweet soybean curd that I've been dying to try. Seriously, NEVER. Because they always run out and it makes me want to have it even more but all my friends are night owls and do not do early brunch.
This is my favorite soup dumpling place. It is so much better than Joe's Shanghai.I always get the crab meat soup dumplings, scallion pancake, and shanghai pan fried noodles. One time I went during lunch time on a weekend and had to wait 15 min for a table for 2. But it was worth the wait. hehe
Came on a weekday right before noon to avoid the crowds and was able to sit for two right away. Ordered the shengjianbao right away as it takes 20 minutes to cook. I like getting sweet soy milk, although my family loves getting the salty soymilk and youtiao (fried dough) as an appetizer. The youtiao is very fresh and soft, good enough to eat plain. The beef wrapped in scallion pancake was excellent as well. Of course everybody comes to eat the soup dumplings, which I like because they're lighter than joe's shanghai's soup dumplings, but which one I like better depends on the day, as both are always tasty. Prepare to be stuffed and loaded with carbs! Next time I'll probably order some of the cold appetizers to balance things out.
Very good food and quick service. Udon noodles, dumplings, steamed buns and scallion pancakes were all delicious and fresh. I'd read that it could be very busy so we were there for an early dinner before a Mets game. I would definitely go back.
For people looking for soup dumplings in flushing there's not much better then this. It's a small intimate place with a simple menu to match. As much as I love the soup dumplings I also love the scallion pancake with beef. The prices are great as well, 2 people can go in, stuff their faces and have a few beers and manage to only spend $40 for the whole thing. I only found this place over the summer(3 months ago) and I've already been there 6 times in 3 months. I don't frequent any place like that. I highly highly recommend!!!
Everything has already been said!Must get the soup dumplings (pork is slightly cheaper and better worth the price). Seafood noodle soup is tasty but very few pieces of fish and the type of noodle is not the kind I prefer (my go to is ho fan). The end result is a little starchier than what I usually get. And this time, I ordered the tripe too. Soo delicious. Perfectly seasoned spiciness! I wish they had better proportions though- more tripe, less sliced beef!And soybean milk and fried dough are staples here too
I'm sorry but I'm gonna have to throw some major shade at any reviewer who is not Shanghainese and has anything bad to say about these soup dumplings. That's like if someone Chinese came to America and decided that McDonald's has better burgers than Shake Shack. Sorry but nope, your opinion is invalid. I am Shanghainese and I effing know my soup dumplings, and these are great (regular is fine, no need to get the crab ones). Their other stuff is all pretty good too... yu pian (fish) noodle soup is simple but hits the spot, niu rou jia bing (beef, hoisin sauce, sandwiched between pancake ish things) is another one of my faves. You can't really go wrong here, great & authentic Shanghainese food. Pro tip: when we sit down, we immediately give the server 1-2 orders of XLB, due to the wait... then we settle down and decide what else we want to getAlso, please understand that if you go to a restaurant with authentic Chinese food, you are probably going to get, err, authentic service too. Have some understanding for cultural differences; Chinese servers tend to be a bit more brusque. This is not a struggling restaurant, they are trying very hard to keep up with demand, they are working to feed you but not to please you. Please don't come here expecting amazing food at great prices (which you should find) AND amazing, friendly service (which you won't), then take off stars. That's just asking too much.
Delicious authentic Chinese Breakfast in Flushing. Best "Yo Tiao" I've had. Lightly crisped on the outside, warm and doughy on the inside. Shao Long Tang Bao Soup Dumplings is delicious as well. Joe's Who??
Great Xiao long bao soup dumplings! Also had the stir fried udon which were also amazing.
MmM Soup dumplings.  Since I don't always venture into Flushing, I was so used to eating the XLB at Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan.  And not even in Chinatown, in Midtown -__-.The XLB at Nan Xiang is so flavorful and fresh, I feel like Joe's can't even be compare to it.  I prefer the dough, the meat and the soup of Nan Xiang's.I came here once before and was excited to try it out again 2 years later, but with my family.  After our trip to the West Coast, eating XLB at DTF puts our standards pretty high.  DTF is still at the top of our list, but Nan Xiang is a great option on the West Coast.We started with the pig ears (my mom's choice).  Not a fan favorite because there was not a lot of flavor to it.  I really wanted to get the shaved beef tendon, but they were out. So disappointing :(.We weren't too hungry, so we just went with 2 baskets of XLB.. one of each, pork and crab.  The pork was fantastic.  The crab was ok.  There was almost little to no crab in there.We also got an order of the Seafood Udon Noodles which was delicious!  It was stir fried with pieces of white fish, shrimp and baby bok choy.  Everyone really enjoyed this.There is always a wait, but we probably waited around 20-25 minutes when they gave us a quote of 15 minutes.  Not too bad, because it helped us work up our hunger.Service was decent.  The table next to us sat down about 15 minutes AFTER us and they got their food BEFORE us. What? And it is cash only.  So bring your bills when you come.
Hands down best xiao long bao soup dumplings!!
I've been here twice with my family, the first time the service was extremely slow and the waitress was forgetful, so we got a free order of xiao long bao (also one of the things that took forever), but still, the food was great.The second time was better, I guess it wasn't as crowded. We ordered scallion pancake w/ sliced beef, 2 orders of xiao long bao, pan fried udon with chicken, and some kind of chicken noodle dish that the waitress recommended (can't remember the name). This place is known for their xiao long bao, so obviously, it was delicious. The dough is chewy and the meat is so flavorful. Its even better with the black vinegar and ginger sauce because it gives them a nice tartness. The udon dish was mainly udon noodles with a few bits of chicken and vegetables, but luckily I love udon, so I ain't complaining. The chicken noodle dish was really good, the noodles were perfectly cooked and the soup was really nice. The only complaint was that it lacked any vegetables, the waitress told us that its supposed to be that way:( Maybe its a Shanghainese thing. The scallion pancake w/ sliced beef was the only thing we didn't eat at the restaurant because by the time it arrived we were full lol so we just took it home. It was nice but too greasy for me.
As far as soup dumplings houses go, Nan Xiang is my favorite. The space itself has ample seating so the wait is never too long. Both soup dumpling options are delicious and there are many other choices including noodles or appetizers. I highly recommend the scallion pancakes, especially if you add a bit of the dumpling sauce onto it.
Joe Shang-bye.Hands down, the best soup dumplings in NYC here at Nan Xiang, I know this may be a controversial statement... but for those who know... they know that this is not the case. Nan Xiang blows Joe Shanghai out of the water for the best soup dumplings in Queens town and everywhere else for that matter.  It can be a pain in the butt to get seating as this place gets packed during peak hours, but if you're flexible with your eating time, try going during a non-peak hour and you should have no problem getting seated, getting supped, and getting that soupy goodness into your broken soupless soul. Scallion pancakes are on point, and a wonderful counterpoint to the soft, chewy, soupy goodness that is the scallion pancakes. Noodle Dishes like the Spicy Beef Noodle is just... meh. Not good, not bad. But the star here is the soup dumpling. It comes in two flavors, Pork, or Crab & Pork. I'm partial to the pork, but many others prefer the one mixed with crab, and I suppose that's a bit rarer. What I particularly like about this place is the beauty of the dumpling skin. You have to handle a lot of soup dumplings with more care than an ebola infected leper, because one wrong move, and you'll tear the skin and the juice will come pouring out. But Nan Xiang has a wonderful dumpling skin that doesn't tear, poke, or pop, and yet remains wonderfully tender, but sufficiently chewy. Legends say that Ip Man visits their shop once a day to beat their dumpling skins to give them their soft, and pliable toughness.Long Live Nan Xiang.
The xiao long baos here I think are the best in flushing. The waits some days are long but it's always worth it. The noodle dishes aren't amazing but solid. I personally like the beef and pepper noodle soup and the rice cakes with shredded pork is money .The cold apps showcased near the entrance are worth a go also!
Great option in Flushing.  Awesome that they deliver to parts of Queens through flushingfood.com
Great place to get the traditional xlb. They open earlier than most of the restaurants near by. Great service.
One of my best friends lives in Flushing and was staying across the street to prep for her wedding. She recommended that we all have breakfast here before we started getting ready for the wedding.They open at 8 am, and yes we weren't the only ones waiting outside. The place fills up quick I tell ya. I was SHOCKED.We ordered their pork soup dumplings and the crab and pork soup dumplings (you get 6 dumplings per order). Along with an order of seafood udon and green onion pancakes wrapped around beef. I was impressed with the soup dumplings. Being Shanghainese myself, it's hard to impress me with soup dumplings. But the skin was perfect, not too thick but not too thin where the soup would easily break through when you lift if up. It has a good amount of soup in it too, very rich and flavorful (which means it has more pork fat in it haha yummm soo good for you). The crab and pork dumplings were good too, very juicy. They come out very hot which means the soup inside is piping hot (if you're not careful you WILL burn yourself). How I eat it to prevent burning myself is to bite a small hole in it, either on the side or on the very tip and gently slurp the soup out then I add some vinegar and devour the rest of the dumpling.For first timers, I recommend asking for a bowl so if you do spill your soup everywhere, you can drink it out of the bowl.The udon and green onion pancake were pretty good. I prefer the plan green onion pancake versus the ones with beef. I'm not a huge fan of the sauce they put in it.Price is also cheap!I definitely want to try their other shanghainese dishes.Definitely going to bring others here to try their dumplings. I haven't tried Joe's yet, so that will be another food adventure when I come back to New York :). Grateful to the beautiful bride that brought me here! Cheers!
Great food. Always super busy. Try to get there early if you can! The crab and pork soup dumplings are great. 4.5 stars just because I have had better dim sum in my days, but it's still very good. And cheap too!!!
Really good! The dumplings are everything! I never had it dipped in vinegar. The best I must say. I also had crunchy noodle with beef, not bad. Just mix it a little before eating. The service was okay, can't complain. Food came out quick! I would definitely return for the dumplings. AHHHMAZING!
This is a good place to go, and good location for parking . I love the soup dumplings... very very good
Great shanghainese!Must gets:soup dumplings (with the crab meat topping)scallion pancake with braised beefshanghainese style rice cakesshanghainese style udon stir frycold jellyfish appthe food is delicious, served super hot, and it all comes out within ten minutes.Yum.
The soup dumplings here are amazing and fresh! I also love their spicy cow stomach and beef scallion pancakes. This spot is a much better alternative to Joe's Shanghai, which is overrated and crowded.
I have high expectations for restaurants like this because I've travelled around Asia and have had very legit dumplings. Being in Flushing, the first thing I looked for is the rating from the Health Administration (at least this place got an A). -1 star because it seemed like every server had a death in the family-1 star for 2 different servers ignoring our orders-1 star for cash only-1 star for so-so foodWhat's the raving reviews about? This place got nothing on places like Din Tai Fung in Taiwan. It also got nothing on some of the places in San Francisco. Not sure what the raving reviews are about. The dumpling is pocket full of MSG filled oil that gets disgusting half and hr after you gobble 2-3 of them. +1 star for the pot stickers! These were legit and good. +- for the neutral Pork Chop Soup Noodles... Bland, nothing too special! Pork Chop wasn't pre-fried.
Come here if you're looking for really solid asian food. Walked in at 3 on a Friday and it was pretty empty. We ordered the Seafood & Pork Crunchy noodles, Salt Soy Bean Curd, You Tiao (Crispy Dough), Xiao Long Bao, and Pan Fried Pork Buns. Highly recommend the crunchy noodles, although it is a bit on the oily side. Portion was huge though. The Xiao Long Bao was also really delicious. The rest were good as well but the other two dishes were my favorite. Service was nice and the waitress constantly refilled my tea. Not too sure how this place will handle a busy night though. Overall, really good food and would definitely come back when I get asian cravings again (so like tomorrow).
Love, love, LOVE Nan Xiang!After being hangry for xiao long baos for daaays me and my friend decided that it was time for me to be fed these soft little pillows filled with goodness. Nan Xiang Dumpling House seemed like a legit spot and I'm SO glad that I was able to convince my friend that Nan Xiang was the one (and not Joe's Shanghai with the ridiculous waiting lines).Started my morning with fried dough and fresh sweet soy milk followed by the delicious, super greasy, crispy beef scallion pancake. It could've ended there but there's no way you can leave this place without eating at least 1 xiao long bao.I'm not joking when I tell you how delicious they are. Thin skin, good seasoned meat and flavorful broth. We ended up with 3 steaming hot baskets. No regrets.I'm so brainwashed by this experience that I even dreamt of laying on a bed of their xiao long baos (would probably be a bad idea in real life). Will definitely go back!
Overrated! For those have not had real food. The service was horrible as well. Mayb besides the soup dumplings the rest of other food are really bad.
The BEST soup dumplings in NYC, maybe even America. Perfectly crafted dumplings, tasty meat, and the soup is delicious. Probably the closest thing you can get to authentic Chinese/Taiwanese soup dumplings. A must go in the Big Apple.
Five star for xiao long and xue cai rou si noodle!!!!!!! The most authentic place in NY for these 2 dishes so far. But 0 star for beef scallion pancake, not authentic and too oily, its existence is like a joke.
I found out about this place from watching Vice on YouTube and Eddie Huang (is this a good or bad thing?). The good thing is that, he Raved about this place & its authenticity. The food looked SO good that I had to search this out. And I've never had a Shanghainese breakfast.Everything was so fresh and dirt cheap. I got the pork soup dumplings (they were out of crab & pork at the time (1pm on a weekday). And a giant bowl of fresh soy milk (sweet) with a fried crueller. The waitstaff was very nice and helpful and recommended the sweet soy instead of salty with the crueller. The soy was very refreshing, not too grainy and not too...fermented/heavy (like that blue-bottled fresh soy drink)? I don't know how to describe the taste. It just had a good amount of liquid and soy ratio. Stir the bottom to distribute the sugar! The crueller was alright, I've had lighter ones. This was slightly crunchier on the outside, maybe fried just slightly too long? Soup dumplings were good, didn't use the vinegar too much, the soup inside had good flavor. I think I paid $8 total. I'd like to try their beef pancakes next time. A lot of people were eating the tofu skin soymilk and other stir-fried dishes with a tofu or rice cake element. Looked awesome.I thought this place was going to be a hole-in-the-wall, but everything is super clean. Simple chairs and tables. It looks like they had taken over 2 spaces, with 2 separate dining rooms. The front doors are plastered with Michelin reviews, the staff is very fluent in English, service is fast. There are a lot of people eating but everything is very casual.
Their XLB is the best in town, that is a fact. Only reason why they received only 4 stars and not 5 full stars is because of the other food they serve. Try not to get any of their noodles since they look like they have been drenched in oil for days... But other than that their XLB is great and they make it throughout the day so you know it is fresh. Every single time I have been there, there is always a line so beware! Make sure you carry cash with you because this place is cash only!
Very good XLB's.  I would argue that it is better than Joe Shanghai in Manhattan.I like it even better than Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles.You can't beat $5.50 for 6 pieces.  I wish I lived in Flushing just for this place.
They have the best pork buns and hand made dumplings. The pan fried buns are slowly becoming my favor. No other place makes it like them. It gets pretty full so its better to go off peek hours. The service is okay.
SPICY BEEF & TRIPE! That is a musttttttttttt! It is so good! And of course everything else. The pork soup dumplings they have are amazing. Flavorful and extremely tasty. The skin to the soup in the dumpling are to die for and are cooked to perfection. Def worth the hype. I've been to numerous Xiao long bao places and this is the one I always go back to. There is quite a wait during the prime time hours. Such as dinner after 7 and weekends are just crowded. The wait goes by pretty fast tho. Trust me it is worth the wait. Always come here with an empty stomach !Overall rating:Food: 11/10Decor: 5/10 eh not much decorPricing:8/10 came here with 6 people and the bill came out to 60. We were all stuffed too. Service: 9/10
this place USED to be my fave soup dumpling place. although it is still great the chef or recipe mustve changed because it is not good as back then. back then the wrap used to be very thin  but wouldnt break, now its on the thicker side which im not a fan of. but either way def still a great experience and lots of good food. i wouldve given 5 since ive been coming here for a few years, but i can see and taste that it is not up to par as when i first came.
fresh and good quality. the scallion pancake with beef was stellar. crunchy with the right amount of salt and sweetness. the soup dumplings are made fresh so it tends to come out last. save room for it. they're bigger than usual and comes 6 to an order compared to the typical 8. had the cabbage and pork noodle soup; big portion. yummy noodles and not overly salty. other shanghainese places always oversalt this dish.will definitely come back to try their udon, sticky rice and soy bean milk!be prepared to wait. lines are out the door.
Great buns. Terrible service. I've been to this place a handful of times. The buns are always great - they definitely deserve all the critical acclaim they get because their buns are delicate, with proper thin dough and packed with broth. The rest of the menu is truly mediocre. I've had the jellyfish here and other offerings from the cold appetizer bar and there's just nothing special about any of the dishes. Let's now talk about the service. It is nonexistent on good days and generally downright terrible. Here's my experience: I came here on a Sunday morning and ordered the pan fried buns. I know that this stuff takes time to cook and would be served dead last. However - 45 minutes later, we were done with our meal and the buns still didn't show up! To add insult to injury, when I asked for the check and told my server to cancel the buns, the server didn't take the buns off my check!! I told the server it was unacceptable because I was in a rush and can't wait anymore for the buns and the server informed me that there was nothing she can do and the buns are now ready and so they will pack it to go for me. How crazy is that??? I ended up refusing to pay for the buns and offered to call the police. That was apparently the only way for the server and manager to take the buns off the check. How's that for epic service?
We only stopped in for after show dessert, coffee and cocktails but really enjoyed ourselves. Lovely restaurant, adorable and friendly server! Would go back.
Good place for dumplings and noodles. Good is great and staff is friendly, the restaurant is always packed and service might be poor at times. Not many options if you don't eat pork.
Well if you're gonna call yourself a dumpling house, you better have some darn good ones!And they do :)  We were very happy to dig into some juicy soup dumplings, some nicely fluffy crispy scallion pancakes and a new crazy thing for us, beef wrapped in scallion pancakes...like a yummy chinese style beef wellington hahaGreat cheap eats w. the usual service.  Get in, eat, pay, get out.
I've been coming here since the restaurant first opened. At that time, they made by far, the best xiao long bao in Flushing. The skin of the buns were so thin and were filled to the brim with delicious soup. My #1 comfort food!Since then, the dumplings have gotten smaller and the soup somehow I feel, is not as flavorful as it was before. The crab ones (my favorite) now contain only morsels of crab meat/caviar with a hint of it's original taste.  Also, the service has also been consistently bad. Service with a smile? That's unheard of here. Sometimes I feel like the servers intentionally avoid looking in your direction if you need them to come to your table. They do have note-worthy cold dishes that I order whenever I come, fu chi fei pian (in English-sliced lung by the married couple! lol aka beef & beef offal), marinated cucumbers, kao fu (baked spongy gluten with bamboo/shitake mushrooms). The scallion pancake w/beef is delicious as well. A good soup dumpling place in Flushing, but IMO overhyped by the internet. I've had better ones in New World mall and at other smaller restaurants in the area.
As good as Shanghai! Allllmost as good as DTF in Shanghai, actually...Nan xiang XLB, 1basketNiu rou cong bing pancake, 1orderYummmmmmmmm...thin skin, super unctuous filling, so, so much soup, and one satisfied customer who rolllled outa there. No line, no waiting at 0915!Rob C. was dead-on the ratio of pancake to actual marinated shank was a fail..huge! Too doughy overall..plum sauce was great, but no with insufficient meat! $11total
Soup Dumplings, Fried Dumplings, Soy Milk, Fried Dough, Fried Pancake, Spicy Beef Tripes...and the list goes on and on. They have pictures on their New menu now. So even if you don't know what the food is, you can now see the picture of the food in the menu. The place is pretty spacious (3 small stories combined), but it can get pretty packed and have a long waiting line if you go there at the wrong time. They got a few Micheline Stars from different years for their place.
Complete service failure. Did not try their food but walked out after they said any food would take half an hour. If you want the dumplings How's Shanghai on 37 ave is the place.
I've come here multiple times for the delicious soup dumplings and chow mein. It's extremely busy on weekends to the line where you can't even step foot in the store around the lunch rush hour but the food certainly makes up for it! The soup dumplings are a little pricier than Joe's Shanghai (around the corner) which is why I would recommend soup dumplings at that location but they are equally fresh over here! There are a variety of cold dishes that are very traditionally Chinese-in fact this is one of those restaurants where you need a Chinese person to help you order the first time. Forget chow mein and kung pao chicken. Welcome and explore the world of soybean milk and youtiao, tofu bowl, red bean buns, cold spicy seaweed salad, and thinly sliced beef strips with tendons! The seating is very tight and sometimes you may have to share large tables with different families, but you definitely come hungry and will leave happy. Some waiters are really cautious about tipping. My worry thought we had tipped a few dollars less and she ran back to our table in a angry frenzy because she didn't want to have been paid less. When she discovered that the dollar bills had been suck to the back of other bills, she shrunk away with her head down and apologized. After getting past the initial crowd and perhaps the delicacies in the menu, this place is a place to enjoy. I give four stars for great food, but the staff need to be more polite, come around and check in with the water supply, and for the overall crowded/stressful ambience.
I love the veggie steam dumplings from this place!! and the kou-fu with wood-ears and stuff! Food is as fresh as it gets, love it!
Solid Xiao long bao-- plenty of pork and soup inside. They are served piping hot so be careful not to destroy your mouth. Good texture to the dough, not too thick but it doesn't easily fall apart either. The fried dumplings weren't really too special. The exterior wasn't crispy, it was just thick. Decent amount of filling, but the dough-to-pork ratio was higher than I would like. Pan-fried pork buns were not Shanghai-style (with soup inside). They were essentially placed in a skillet to get the bottom somewhat crunchy, so don't expect Shen jian bao. This spot is very popular so be prepared to wait. We went Sunday at 1:00 and waited around 30 minutes. Overall a good experience: OK (but not cheap) prices, fresh dumplings, and good service.
Without a doubt their dumplings are one of the best. Their fried noodles are good also. Sticky rice though, is the worst Ive ever eaten. The tiny fried dough in the middle with little bits of fried pork wrapped around with an abundant amount of rice. I literally had to use chopsticks to pick out the stuffing. And don't bother with the soy bean milk. They serve it room temperature when you order hot.
I like their Xiaolongbao.  They made it when you order it.  Those two ladies that made those are amazing.  They just chatting and chatting while making our orders, however it came out perfectly fine.    Even number of folds with JUICES inside the dumplings.  Its like an art piece.  Beautiful (and they don't seems like taking much efffort when making those).  However, I only recommend their regular Xiaolongbao but not the crab one. It doesn't worth the premium because the crab flavor was quite lacking.  I admire their skills and the skins of the dumplings were amazing (so as the soup/juice) but the meats were very blend average pork.  At least its fresh though.I also liked their steamed vegetable dumplings.  Their fillings were good and the folds were pretty too.  Spinach, rice noodles, tofu, eggs and more.  Naturally Sweet.Their other dishes were pretty ordinary.  However, this store beats the heck out of Joe's Shanghai.  This is much more authentic , delicious, and cheaper.  I highly recommending  to try this famous dumpling house in NYC.
Was excited to try this place as we love soup dumplings and everyone said Nan Xiang is so much better than Joe's. Honestly, I don't get it. Here the soup inside the dumplings is salty, but also quite thin and lacking in rich porky broth flavor.  So if you like that style you may like it, but I prefer a richer soup inside. Then there is the issue of the crab and pork meat: There were *a lot* of bits of crab shell in ours.  This is totally unacceptable. The meat and the broth here seem to stay very separate which is less appealing to me. Finally, the bathroom was really gross. Perhaps this can be considered an irrelevant issue, but for me it says something about the whole place.
Wow, pork and crab soup dumpling, pancake with beef , rice cakes and tripe were all AMAZING!
GET THE XLB. YES there might be a 15-20 min wait, but it is so worth itI don't understand when people write poor reviews for a steak house when they ordered seafood there. So don't make that mistake here, and NOT order the xiao long bao! The service here is typical of a delicious chinese restaurant -  you will need to flag the waiters down and might be met with some cold stares - but when that steaming fresh XLB descends to your table, you will forget about it all. I absolutely love this place in Shanghai and the Flushing location lives up to the name. If you're here for breakfast, start off with soy milk (hot) and you tiao (fried doughnut?) while you wait for that XLB. It's the perfect Chinese way to welcome the day.
Love their soup dumpling and scallion pancake! Very delicious and authentic. We also ordered Sheng Jian Bao but the skin of the bun is just too thick for my liking. We went there during their lunch time and the restaurant was packed! We waited 15 minutes to be seated which is not bad at all despite how busy they were. Our server was very friendly and patient. Overall we enjoyed our time there!
Tastes really authentic. For the price you can't beat it. Only downside it's crowded for lunch and dinner time. If you wanna peaceful environment, try avoid the hours.
The pork soup dumplings were delicious. They have great scallion pancakes too. I cant complain about service because everything came out fast. I also ordered the beef pepper noodle soup the noodles werent to my tasting I usually like my noodles al dente and the broth was a tiny bit bland.
3.5 starsWith so many good reviews, I had to come & try their xiao long baos since I was in the area. The place was busy. The waitress was preoccupied. L didn't appreciate her throwing the menus onto the table, but I didn't care. Like I said it was busy and I'm more willing to give service some slack when I'm in Flushing or Chinatown. We ordered the reg pork soup dumplings, as well as the ones with crab. We also tried the scallion pancakes. The dumplings had a ton of soup, it was flavorful, perhaps not as fatty as the ones in Chinatown. I didn't think the dumplings skins were that thick, but I really haven't had too many XLB's in my life... At least they weren't doughy. Perhaps they're thicker to hold all that soup? L preferred the crab ones while I liked the pork ones more. We never agree on anything... The scallion pancakes were crispy & airy. Not something we usually order since they're so starchy; it was good, but a little bland. I think it needs more scallions. The place is really cheap, I'd come back if I was in the area again.
This is LITERALLY my go to spot for soup dumplings. They have never failed me. It's very cheap and it tastes great.
This place never fails! Their soup dumplings and scallion pancakes keep me coming back. This is CASH ONLY -- that's the only downside for me, but overall such a great experience each time I go back!
The food is delicious.  Honestly sometimes the service could be mediocre but the food makes up for it LOL.  However unfortunately i heard recently the chef for the steamed dumplings which i believe is the hidden jewel of their menu has left so thats unfortunate.  But regardless the place has great food specifically rice cakes, soup dumplings, and noodle soups.  Their scallion pancakes are also amazing
Not sure what I can say about Nan Xiang that others haven't already said. My personal favorite dishes are the soup dumplings, udon, and scallion pancake with beef. Yes I will order them all in one visit, and no I don't care that it's a carb feast. So worth it.
This is one of the best places to get xiao long bao......The items in the case are also very tasty.....Portions seem to get smaller every time I go....so they lost one star from, plus the service usually sucks....you have to ask over and over again for tea and water.....If you go, go for the xiao long bao and not much else......
probably the best pork soup dumplings in flushing, a lot better and fresher compared to other restaurants. They're are busy from 11 to 2 almost every day, but its worth the wait!
Came here for a quick bite before heading over to the US Open grounds to avoid paying $10 for a hot dog. The quick bite turned into an hour long dinner, but I'm not complaining.We were started with tea which was delicious! We then ordered scallion pancakes and steamed veggie dumplings for sides. Both were good, I have to say I like the scallion pancakes a bit more (but being that they're fried that's probably why).Entree:I had the pork soup dumplings as my main course ($6.50 and filling!). My party had various forms of noodle soup and they mentioned how the broth was amazing and tasty. Perhaps next time I'm around main street I'll come back for some noodle soup! The only -1 star was for the slow and uneven service. We had to waive over someone to refill our waters and ask for more tea. Also They brought 3 of the main dishes to the table and  I had to sit there wide eyed for my dumplings to come. To sum up: Great food, even better price, great variety, cute decor but slow/uneven service.
If you're looking for great Chinese food in a clean authentic restaurant, look no further.The staff is friendly and they provide quick service and they don't mess up on orders. The food was simply amazing. We ordered an assortment of different foods, including cold noodle with sesame sauce, dumplings in red hot oil, and scallion pancakes. Everything was so warm and delicious (except for the cold noodle, of course). I can't wait to go back and try their famous soup dumplings.This place is really a great spot; small and quaint.For dessert: try Ten Ren Tea Time around the corner on Roosevelt Ave between Prince and Main Streets for great bubble tea!
Soup dumplings!! Love this place :)Great food, great prices! I usually get an assortment of dumplings and wontons. Everything is super tasty. Don't forget to try the scallion pancakes!!
OMG...this is literally the best pork soup dumplings in NY. You must try and joes shanghai aint got nothing on this place. The beef scallions, noodles, soy milk, donut curlers are a must try here. The place gets pretty packed since its small and cash only but totally worth it. I cannot wait to go back to this place in Jan.
Outstanding!!  My meal came within 10 mins after I sat down. Hot & fresh!  Parking is horrible around this place so if you can, catch in of the many forms of public transportation around the area!  This was the coldest nite of the year (9 degrees with real feel of -12 with wind) and I could've ordered dumplings from a local restaurant. I wanted authenticity & there was no substitute!  Try this place!
Still very decent xiaolong(tang)bao quality since starting to rival the Flushing Joe's Shanghai. Main gripe is that dumpling skins are thicker than I remember. Maybe just my imagination.  What hasn't changed? The long wait and rushed service. Because, XIAOLONGBAO.
My wife and I both love going to NYC.  And every time we go to NYC, we always make a point to go to Flushing to get some good cheap eats.  This recent trip, we actually ended up staying in Flushing for two nights.  Not only that, we stayed in a hotel pretty much across the street from Nan Xiang Dumpling House.Our flight into NYC was delayed by more than four hours (we were coming from the west coast).  So by the time we got to Flushing, it was close to 9 PM.  After checking in, settling in, showering and all that, we were tired and hungry.  My wife was already eyeing Nan Xiang and upon learning that they don't close until very late (I forgot whether it was 2 AM or 3 AM), we were excited to go get a late dinner.We ordered soup dumplings (of course), pan fried dumplings, and wonton.  Everything was just delicious.  I've learned long ago about these little soup dumplings that can really burn your lips/mouth if you just bite into them.  Unfortunately, there were not many occasions where I actually get to eat these delicate dumplings.  Some places pre-make and freeze them, or the skin is too easy to break, etc... These soup dumplings were great.  Nice spoonful of soup after a small bite to break its wrapper, drink the soup, add a little bit of gingerly sauce to the bun... just delicious.
Thank god I don't live near this place. I would be here every day if so. The prices are the best I have seen, the food is so delicious. I always leave happier than when I got there. Huge fan of Chinese cuisine, sort of picky about it actually.... this place is just the best.
Hands down the best XLB (xiao-long-baos or soup dumplings) in Flushing, nay in NYC. Yes, there is a long wait for your order (it's made to order so be patient) and yes it's cash only (I mean really what establishment in Flushing isn't?), ad yes the waitstaff mostly have a permanent frown on their faces. Who cares? You're here for the food (and the very reasonable prices). The decor is nothing to write home about, the chairs aren't particularly comfortable, and there is pretty much no parking in the area. All that being said, I still make a trip out here every chance I get, 7-train ride and all.Get yourself some bao. Do it.
The dumplings were good. However, I ordered them to go and I had to wait 30+ minutes for one order of dumplings. I felt that was a little too long for one order of dumplings.There are plently of other places in Queens you can grab just as good of dumplings.I would go back again but I'm not in a rush to hurry back.
Jersey needs one of these places right now!The lack of good Chinese style breakfast in (north) Jersey is going to make me praise this place for years to come.I came on a weekday and this place was very busy a little after 12 noon. We actually sat down at the only empty table in the restaurant!We ordered a rice bun, two soy bean milk, dry noodles with soy sauce, and the soup dumplings. All of which were amazing! However, I will say my sticky rice bun was a little lacking in the ingredients side. Ended up with a lot more rice left over than I would have preferred.There's two locations for your convenience!Bottom Line:Cheap, good, fast, awesome. I don't put those words together often, but for Nan Xiang...I have to!
The dumplings are great so are the other other plates such as their vegetable noodle soup. It's large enough to share with two people as well as other dishes. The only downside, which I've been able to put up with every time I eat here is the service. Don't expect to get those extra plates, cups, water, etc. as soon as you ask. Expect to ask twice or if it's in arm's length, reach over for one. Either way, it doesn't seem like their worries are on customer service (I've been here enough times to realize that) but their food is consistently great.
I was in Flushing for my birthday wanting to eat dim sum. However, by the time I arrived in the area, dim sum was over. As I was looking through yelp, I remembered watching on Youtube Eddie Huang eating at Nan Xiang. I found the address, and I was glad to come here on my birthday.The last time I had soup dumplings was in LA a couple years ago. The ones in LA were a better, but Nan Xiang's were pretty good. I did not know what to order(in LA, someone else ordered everything), so I asked waitress, and she was very helpful. The table had pork dumplings and pork/crab dumplings. Both were good, but I liked the broth more in the pork/crab ones. The other dishes were good as well. The Shanghai noodles were really thick, but great. The scallion pancake with beef inside was really good, the sauce on the beef was liked by all. The only thing not really liked were the spicy wontons. They were not very spicy, and were in a peanut sauce. I am not a big fan of peanut sauce, so this turned me off.Overall, a good experience. The staff was friendly and the food was good. If you want good soup dumplings, don't head to the city, come down to Flushing a give Nan Xiang a try.
Came here from NJ on a Saturday morning. We beat the rush by getting there around 11 AM. The service was pretty good. They give us hot tea. We ordered soymilk too. Hot and cold. The hot is a pretty large portion. To start, we had the bean curd with cabbage and edamame. It was brought quickly, and we finished it all. We also had the scallion pancake - different than what I usually have. Seemed fried where as most places it's pan fried. We also got shumai. Not your typical shumai - came with rice inside! Then, there was the spicy dumplings - skin was too thick, spicy sauce was also too thick. Overall, not the best choice. Also got the noodles. We got the xiao long boa of course. R and I both thought the skin was a little thick though. And supposedly the soup part is really tasty. I had three tries and failed at not losing the soup in all of them... :( Needless to say, we were all full after this meal and departed with leftovers. All at a reasonable price for 3 people.
Their xlb are amazing! Full of fresh ingredients, their xlb are made from scratch while you wait. The customer service is polite, friendly and attentive. We also had scallion pancake and beef, one of my favorites. Better than a hamburger! The cabbage and pork soup noodle was the perfect comfort food for our rainy, cold day. Shredded chicken and rice cake is also one of my favorites, I love the mushrooms and veggies mixed in. This is one of my favorite lunch/dinner places since it's both reasonably priced and you really get your money's worth!
Mmm. Soup dumplings. I could eat these from dusk to dawn and get fat(ter) and I would not be the least bit sorry. To sample their crab and pork soup dumpling is to enjoy one of the truly best dumplings in New York.
Been here 100 times. Crab dumplings always excellent. Cold beef and tripe always excellent. Other stuff is pretty good nothing stands out.
Whenever i think of soup dumpling, i will think of Nan Xiang.  Their cold dishes is very good. Their scallion pancake is very good.  Majority food is good.....i feel their service can be a little better, however can't expect too much from such an affordable restaurant.
This is my go to XLB place.  My wife said this is the best XLB you will ever find.  She is from Shanghai, and has tried them all.  Parking in this area is a bit crazy.  And the parking lot between Union St. and Main St has gotten very expensive.
Sliced Beef Scallion Pancakes...  So damn good.
One of the most delicious and authentic shanghai restaurants I have ever been too.  Everything we ordered was delicious, and even though we were staying in Manhattan we made the 1/2 hour trip to brooklyn twice! I recommend getting the shanghai dumplings (pork soup dumplings) and the noodles with scallion sauce!  We also tried their spicy beef and tendon & scallion pancake, both were equally delicious.
I came here absolutely excited. CASH ONLY. Ordered the ff:Siomai ($2.95 for 4) which really isn't since it's purely sticky rice insidePork soup dumpling - tasted regularScallion pancake ($4.95 for 3) - good, but oilyBeef and chili pepper noodles - okSpicy beef and tripe cold appetizer - okSoda ($1.50)The restaurant is huge and service is efficient, although I probably will never go here again since I am not used to eating Chinese without rice.
I'm probably a little biased in the review, because I ate at many of the best dumplings restaurants in Taiwan.  So, basically nothing can come close to the delicious dumplings restaurants in Taiwan.  I ate at Nan Xiang Dumpling House maybe over 100 times, since my office likes to order lunch there.  People go there to eat the Xiao Long Bao which taste good compare to what's available in the neighborhood.  A lot of times the skin will break and the soup will leak out. Once the skin break and the soup come leaking out, it doesn't taste as good.  The decor is very basis and the service is ok.  If you're looking to eat some decent tasting Xiao Long Bao, go to Nan Xiang.
Where has a place like this been all my life??  It has everything I crave from Taiwanese/Mandarin breakfasts and dim sum/lunch.  It has nian gao (stir fried rice cakes), (a bit oily, but all the better).  Perfectly done scallion pancakes, awesome sheng jian baos (pan fried pork buns).And most importantly, it has both sweet and salty fantuan (fan tuan, ,  --sorry, writing it in all variations so that someone who is searching for it can find it).  I have been searching for a good fantuan since I moved to New York five months ago.  I still cannot find one in the chinatown in Manhatttan.  If anyone reads this review and knows where to get fantuan in Manhattan, pleeeease message me!One star off because it doesn't take credit cards.  :(  Service is also a bit spotty, but I don't care because they have all the carb foods I ever crave.Super cheap as well.  Too much food for three people + a take home bag = 12 dollars a person.
This place is AWESOME! The soup dumplings are Magical! I've never had them before this place and it absolutely blew my mind knowing something this delicious existed! This place is a definitely a must try!
Mediocre at best. It is not worth a grueling train ride...- In the summer;- during rush hour;- with suspended express service.Unlike many places, Nan Xiang serves six soup dumplings instead of eight. While the dumplings themselves are decently sized, unfortunately I didn't find the meat or soup to be that flavorful. If you have to choose, the crab meat option trumps the pork only option. And whatever their reason for serving six, there are other places that serve eight which are made just as big or bigger.I was also disappointed by the Shanghai pan fried noodles. Usually, it's served with a variety of meats and vegetables, such as shredded pork, shrimp, shitake mushrooms, and leafy greens. Instead, I only found shredded pork and boy choy leaves. The noodles were hard and took effort to chew. While the noodles were flavorful and showed nice sear marks, the hardness was somewhat off-putting.But man, maybe my commute was so horrible, it ruined my experience. If you're thinking about going all the way out to Flushing for this, you might end up feeling disappointed, and you'll surely never want to take the 7 train again.
Used to be a really big fan of this place but started to decrease my liking of this place because of the wait. It grew so popular so every time I go, it's cramped and crowded. I usually come with a group of friends and the amount of food I order takes a long time to come. I really love their rice cake and soy milk. Must visit when you stop by in flushing for breakfast!
Price to hight ,is not worth Taste horrible look like you eat pastel with water Totally not recommended ,stay away ,use less spend money for expenses food taste and smell look like food froze 6 months time Employee talk launch and nit enjoy at all
In my opinion one of the top soup dumpling restaurants in the city. Although there are 3 separate sections of seating there is always a minimum 10 minute wait when i come here. I'm a huge fan of the beef stew, and the regular soup dumpings. For $15 per person you'll be really full and satisfied.
Five stars for amazingly delicious xiao long bao!!  Both the soup and meat are tasty.  You can watch the cooks prepare the dumplings as the kitchen is open to the dining area.  Actually, it doesn't look appetizing as they're working a huge mound of meat and I couldn't help but think about all the animals that were in it.... but after I bit into my first xiao long bao, any thoughts of becoming a vegetarian fled my mind.  They coming out streaming, fresh, and HOT!  You have to be careful to not chow down the entire dumpling because you'll scald yourself or (more importantly) drop some soup.  The store is nothing to look at and it takes about an hour to get here... but it's so worth it.  Highly recommend going here.
One of the greatest places in Flushing Queens. This was my virgin soup dumpling experience and it was awesome. Parking is close and service is quick and friendly. I'd take a picture of the soup dumplings, but we ate them so fast we forgot to take a picture. Also, get the scallion pancake beef sandwich. It is out of sight. Great kid option for less adventurous kids.
My 4th 5 star review. This place specializes in Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings). They are the best in the 5 boroughs and possibly in the United States. Nan Xiang is the district of Shanghai, China where soup dumplings were made famous. Having both of my parents being born and raised in Shanghai and having spent a significant portion of my life there as well, I feel that I am an authority on these thin-skinned purses of pork-filled goodness. THE TESTThe test of a great Xiao Long Bao is being able to pick it up with your chopsticks by the tip and not have the translucent skin tear under the weight of itself and spilling the precious soup inside. This is easier said than done as the perfect Xiao Long Bao must also have an extremely thin skin, almost like a wonton, that gradually thickens from bottom to top. Needless to say, it is all in the dough. Nan Xiang passes this test with flying colors, every time.THE MENUOther than the Xiao Long Bao, which is a must get, there are a variety of other small dishes on the menu. They are all done very well and the prices, needless to say, since it is Flushing, are dirt cheap. My friends and I stuffed ourselves to the brink of nausea for about $32 dollars, including a 15-20% tip. There are about 6 dumplings that come in one basket for $6 and I can eat about 2 baskets worth before I feel like I am 90% pork fat.THE SERVICEIt's Flushing so the service is not the greatest by American standards. Don't be afraid to yell at the waitstaff to come over. Yelling across the room in a restaurant of this class is not considered rude in Chinese culture, especially if you say please.VERDICTYou already know what I'm going to say. I've had countless xiao long baos in my life and these are some of the best, anywhere. Very lucky to have this place in town. I will definitely be coming back here and telling all my friends and family about it. The only drawback for me, at least, is that I live in Midtown and this place is in Queens so the commute is significant. For dumplings that are almost as good but not quite, my go to spot is Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan Chinatown. They have very good dumplings and are close by, but there is no doubt in my mind that the quality of Nan Xiang is superior.
If I could get a large helipad, tie this dumpling house to the bottom, lift it out of the never ever land that is Flushing, and set it down right across from my apartment, I would take a blank check, sign it, and give it to whoever could make this dream possible...and then I would probably have to sell my soul or my roommate's soul for some money to eat here. But oh would I eat here.Nan Xiang Dumpling House represents everything that is quintessential in a classic Shanghainese breakfast: Comfort, Quality, Affordability. Soup Dumplings: Fresh, tasty, juicy, these soup dumplings are some of the best around in the New York area. Not too much dough but not thin to the point that touching it causes it to burst. Scallion pancakes (add beef): Honestly, these are some of the best scallion pancakes I've ever had the pleasure of swallowing. Nice and crunchy, not too thick, not to doughy, and with an addition of beef, it just takes these pancakes over the edge. Definitely a must try.Soymilk w/ fried curlers: I grew up eating this but I feel like I've never come across this entree in NYC. Well, Nan Xiang has it, and they do it well. You can get the sweet version or the salty version or both but what you must not forget to add are the fried curlers. This is one of those comfort foods you eat and sip slowly amidst wonderful conversation, helps you take it slow :)Appetizers: There are some small eats that you can order. I honestly can't remember the english names but if you walk to the back near the counter, you'll see a display where they draw from. There is spicy beef tripe which is a classic as well as a dish that has tofu, mushrooms, bamboo shoots. I just made it sound really stupid and bland but if you go, try it, you will NOT be disappointed.When all is said and done, I don't think I've ever spent more than $15 here. And that's filling up on a lot of food. For the quality, you can't really beat the price. And that's good news cause now I can cut deals with people like buy my soul get my roommate's for free.
1. Crab meat xiao long bao - very juicy soup dumplings, flavorful2. Scallion pancakes - crispy, packed with scallion flavor, no soggy whatsoever3. Shanghai style fried udon - a bit on the salty soy sauce side, but very addictive. Must be MSG, only explanation I can think of.... =P (tea... more tea....)Wait time on a weeknight  was about 6-10 minutes. Not bad. But between serving people and takeout service, the place was very busy.Tea! I need more tea.....
This place makes good food although their xiao long bao is not good. Their cold dishes and qi cai hun tun are actually very good.
Soup dumplings here delicious! Best spot to go to for them!
Skin of soup dumpling a little thick. Fried dough fritter was authentic. The pan-fried bun also had a thick skin. Overall a 3 star.
Absolutely Delish!!! The soup dumplings were so fresh. Also had spicy tripe with beef, pancake with beef and shu mai. It was different than what I'm accustomed to. It had sticky rice with ground pork. All very good. I'll be back.
It was great, I had it longgggggg time ago,but never reviewed it. The dumpling was so tasty and juicy, it reminds me of my childhood. Its a must try when you come to Queens, NY.
Great soup dumplings.  The skin of the dumpling isn't very doughy but it's robust enough to hold the soup INSIDE the dumpling until I get to it not explode in a mess the minute I pick it up.Scallion pancake is very good and my preggers friend was craving their salt sticky rice rolll and they actually had some available!  Pretty good as well.  Washed it all down with some sweet soy bean milk and we were happy as pigs :)One thing I can't stand about this place is CASH ONLY!  Come on now!!!
I'm just going to keep it real - they show preference to Asian diners. They're never friendly. They rush you in and out. Frankly though, when a place has awesome food, I'll take a certain level of abuse. This isn't a fancy place by any means - its greasy, probably bad for you, but seriously delicious. Soup dumplings on point. Scallion pancakes with beef on point. Rice cake with beef on point. All my favorite things.
Lunch for 4....$30 including tip.This is ridiculous.They also have some of the BEST soup dumplings in the city. While you might not think that i know my soup dumplings...I organized a dumpling dump (crawl ...whatever), a few years ago and sampled some of the best dumplings in the city.I love Nan Xiang. It's great, the service is quick and it's soo cheap.You just need to get to Flushing to enjoy how delicious it really is.
Love this place...please get some duck....get some soup dumplings and take me with you!! Personally I find Nan Xiang's soup dumplings to be better than Joe's Shanghai. However, Joe's Shanghai has a more extensive menu, but seriously, if your looking to eat some good soup dumplings come here!! There rice cake noodles aren't as good as Joe's tho. Win some... you lose some.
Disclaimer, I'm from California where we have the infamous Taiwan international chain Ding Tai Fung and I was lucky enough to live in the same city as Ding Tai Fung, and was part of my weekly diet.  The NY Style XLB (xiao long bao)  just doesn't have the same appeal.  The skin is too rough and thick.  Fine delicate thin XLB skin at DTF is amazing and these just don't compare.  With that said, out of all NY XLB places, Nan Xiang is probably one of the best I've had.  The XLB soup dumplings with Pork & Crab is the usual choice.  It is juicy and filled with more soup.  Usually take a small bite to leak some of the soup out onto my spoon so you don't burn yourself from the piping hot soup.
I love this place. Best soup dumplings I've had. Not too fatty, good meat taste, although the skin was a bit thick this time around, hence the loss of a star. Also tried some of their salty dou jiang this time and it was fabulous. The jellyfish was okay.As many must have alluded to, be prepared to wait for a table. This place is super popular and there's a reason for it. Be patient and you'll get a wonderful meal. The service and decor isn't bad for an Asian place either, although they didn't put in our order for soup dumplings at first, meaning we had to wait another 10-15 minutes for them...
I think this is a standard shanghainese cuisine place. I come for the soup dumplings, both the pork and the pork+crab ones, both nice and juicy with super thin skins. I'd definitely recommend their soup buns. I also get their do fu hua (tofu), and it's pretty standard. Their crispy scallion pancake with beef slices is also pretty standard, nice and crispy, but nothing special. I'm satisfied with the food here, but it's not exceptional. I'd definitely come back (already been here 2-3 times) for the soup dumplings though!
Sat down and immediately served green tea. Fast service. Tons of women in dumpling are preparing the dumplings fast. Place was packed. Pan fried dumplings with port were delicious. We ordered the scallion beef pancake based on recommendations here- it was good, but very greasy. I could have skipped that. We go the  chicken soup, which was very flavorful, but had some bines, so be aware. The shumai steamed dumplings with rice and pork were delish.  For two people we walked away stuff for $26 for dinner. It's no surprise this is the most popular place in the area. Parking is tough, but the is a municipal lot nearby for $0.25 for 10 minutes and parking garages for $3 per hour.
This is my to go place for soup dumplings in Queens. During busy hours the line can get long but the place is deceptively big and the lines moves fast. soup dumplings come out piping hot making it almost worth it to burn your mouth biting into it as soon as it comes to your table. The prices are more than reasonable for the amount of food (and not to mention the taste!). I wouldnt give the service there 5 stars but i can overlook it for the pork and crab xia long bao.
Shanghai noodles and dumplings make for a great weekend dinner!  My husband and I spent a July weekend in Flushing sampling various restaurants.  We were going to eat in at Nan Xiang, but decided to take it to go when the wait for a table was long (it was a Saturday evening, so no surprises there!) We had the Shangai noodles, Scallion Pancake with beef and an order of dumplings.  All very tasty, though we wouldn't order the scallion pancake again.  We would definitely order double the Shanghai noodles.  Get there earlier in the day to get a seat or get takeout.  We are looking to go back there soon as there aren't too many place to get dumplings (or Shanghai noodles!) where we live.
Not worth the wait for a seat. Go elsewhere for the Soup Dumplings!!! Lately, their soup dumplings tasted awful. I heard rumor about their chef has left the restaurant - that would make sense. The skin on their Soup Dumplings were too thick that I couldn't finish eating it. The skin tasted like it can need some more cooking time. The soup and meat inside the dumpling did not taste good either. If were for the food on the menu are still good I would rate this a 1 star for Soup Dumplings.
The best soup dumpling in flushing! Wish they have a bit more food choices.
Very good. The soup dumplings are great and the Shanghai pan fried Udon noodles were good too. I felt very comfortable here and the service was good.
The xiao long baos were delicious! Cooked when you order so guaranteed freshness. The menu is really short so what they do have on the menu are their specialties. The beef noodle soup portion was a bit small but I could live with that. I came for the xiao long bao and that itself deserves 5 stars :)
The soup dumplings are epic. The beef and scallion pancakes are bit salty but really good too.
Food is great but wait service are not.  Man this lady was like snapping at me when I was ordering,   Sorry I can't speak Chinese.   A lot of my friends comes here, including fake Winnie,  yeah there was my friends doppelganger
Love this place. Has yummy soup dumplings, of course, but also very good Taiwanese breakfast. I usually get the salted soy milk, cold spicy beef and tripe, a pancake with beef, and a thing of soup dumplings. Cheap and yummy. Gets a little crowded on weekend lunchtimes.
The food here is really tasty and service is quite speedy. Everything I've had to eat here has thus far not disappointed. I would've gladly given the place 5-stars, but the waiters are not really a smiley bunch and feeling the warmth of the staff is important to me.
The best soup dumpling in Flushing. And a whole lot more. They are not a one hit wonder like that other place couple blocks away. This place is always busy and with good reason. Try it once, twice or as many times as you can :)
The BEST soupy pork dumplings in the entire New York City. It was flavorful, juicy, very very soupy and something to die for! And this is from a girl born and bred in Shanghai. HOWEVER, the soupy crab dumplings weren't as stellar. It wasn't as much crab meat and crab yolk as they would put in Shanghai.
I am addicted to their soup dumplings! The melted fat is so tasty that I can't think clearly as I drink up the soup. The scallion pancakes are consistently crispy and the seafood noodles delicious. Only negative is the potential wait times but that can't be helped if they're pumping out such yummy food.
So delicious! The soups are great but so is the food, and price is just right. The place isn't too big so it can get crowded during lunch and dinner, but well worth the wait.
For the value, this place gets an A+! I went for the pork dumplings and dang... you just can't go wrong with that.Next was the scallion pancake with beef which was probably super-good... the barbeque sauce was a little rich for my taste though... otherwise I'd give this 5 stars all the way. The sauce is probably just my problem.  Be careful though... they don't take credit cards!
Very traditional Chinese food, I think. This store has good reputation as a real Shanghai taste food. I tried dumplings and some fried rice with vegetables. Dim Sum is also a good choice for the customers who have never tried authentic Chinese food.
king's from queens from queens come kings.  then of cause we eat on prince street....the soup dumplings your here for the soup dumpling!...........help what no english menu, ok i wii point!                                                            ........................next stop across the street a footsie massage, oh yea
I love this place by the way.  Every time I come back to NY, I come here for some 小籠包，雪菜肉絲面，豆漿.... Yum
Came here last year and revisited the place again recently. They're quite consistent with their food. Ordered the scallion pancake with beef, xiao long bao, and siu mai. The xiao long bao didn't taste as over-seasoned as other Shanghai dumpling restaurants, which I actually preferred. The scallion pancake with beef was too thick and had minimal beef. The siu mai here is filled with rice and no meat, quite different from the standard siu mai.
Soup dumplings are the real reason I went. I'd say that it's comparable to Joe's. Their scallion pancakes were quite good as well. Most of their portions are a little small so I wasn't completely filled but it's a great place for a small meal.
I can't even begin to show my love for this place!! Forget Joe's Shanghai! No, seriously, forget Joe's (at least the one in Flushing) cause they seem to have switched chefs and their food is quite awful now. Nan Xiang is definitely my go-to for authentic, high-quality Shanghainese cuisine, and this is coming from a Shanghainese girl who grew up eating this food. I've heard that the chef of NX actually worked at the famous eponymous soup dumpling restaurant in Shanghai so he uses the same techniques they use in Shanghai to hand-make these dumplings. Needless to say, you must try these or your life will never be complete. The shengjian bao (pan fried pork buns), cold cucumber/cilantro/garlic dish, liang mian huang (crispy pan-fried noodles -- I recommend getting it with pork), scallion pancakes, scallion noodles, and cold noodles are also delicious! In fact, try everything on the menu. It's Shanghai dimsum style so everything is dirt cheap. There is a reason this place has so many stellar yelp reviews. If you're ever in Flushing, you must must must give this place a try. (Just remember to bring cash!)Food: 5/5 -- delicious!Service: 4/5 -- attentive, helpful, and welcoming, though with so many customers, they do need a bit of a nudge sometimesAtmosphere: 4/5 -- neat and appealing; there's lots and lots of seating though it still does get crowdedOverall: 5/5 -- exceptional!
So I worked from home today and decided to meet up with my friend to have lunch.Friend:  Do you want to go to Nan Xiang?  I want to try that place.  I hear they have good Xiao Long Bao.Me:  Egh that place isn't that good...So I drive to Flushing not knowing exactly where we will eat.Me:  Hey I just found parking, where do you want to meet?Friend:  Let's meet at Sunway.Me:  Okay!As I am about to get to Sunway.Friend:  Where do you want to eat?  Want to go to Joe's Shanghai?Me:  I thought you wanted to have Nan Xiang cause you never tried it before.Friend:  But you said it's not that good.Me:  Well I had it once and you never had it, so you should try it.So I get in and get a table for us.  We ordered the crab xiao long bao, pig ear in spicy sauce, scallion pancake with beef and spicy wonton dumpling.We ate all of this and then...Friend:  Joe's Shanghai is better.Me:  Funny thing is that was the exact same first thing I said when I tried this place.  This place is more expensive and the food isn't really much better.Then we ordered the pan fried noodles with beef.  This was actually pretty good.The service was much better today, they brought all of our food.  But they don't know when to clear plates or refill tea.  Still need to work on this.  Also the food is really not that good...
I have heard about this place enough times I had to try it. I got the steamed pork buns, salty sticky rice, shao mai, and dumplings in spicy chili and peanut sauce, all came up to about $19. I would definitely recommend the dumplings because they were big and tasted like heaven but not spicy. Everything else was pretty mediocre. They're steamed pork buns had a really thick wrapper reminded me of Joe's Shanghai which are also terrible. Overall everything I got was edible but the only thing worth traveling there for was the dumplings.
The soup dumplings were one of the better ones I've tried.  Also got the beef and chili pepper noodle soup, pretty good as well.  Really not sure about the cleanliness of this place as to the "grade pending" sign on the door but the food wasn't that bad for a late dinner.  Will be back for some more soup dumplings soon.
Food is okay and the service isn't that great. Ordered 3 crab soup dumplings and a beef scallion pancake and you would think they're hand making it cause it took about 45 to 55 minutes. Currently this place has a "C" rating... The seating is horrible. I had a table for two at a six table setting and sat us next to another party. Super awkward and there wasn't any space for me to eat.Also had pieces of crab shell in the crab dumplings
Once upon a time, I was absolutely in love with this place. Their dumplings were the best in the area. Now, I feel the skin has gotten thicker and the meat has shrunk. Also, competition pops up left and right in flushing. Ultimately, I would still go back if I'm in the neighborhood and the mood strikes. Otherwise I will stick to Kung fu, which is walking distance for me.
You neeed this place.  The beef and tripe dish is rediculous!  The crab and pork buns... daaaaammmnnn ... I wanna bathe in that juice that squirts out (no homo) :)  ... Go there!  Tell em Castro sent you.
Food rating:  4.5 starsCourtesy of a foodie friend, Dan H., he brought myself, bf, and another friend to this place to get soup dumplings.  There was about a 15 to 20 minute wait before we sat down.There were 4 of us, and we ordered the following family style:1) Sweet Soy Bean Milk (hot) - 3 of us ordered this.  YUM!2) Salty Soy Bean Milk (hot) - my bf ordered this.  He thought that it was lacking flavor (as compared to the ones that he gets in his hometown in California).  He wasn't too impressed with it, and stated that he would probably not get it again next time.yelp.com/user_local_phot…3) Pork & cabbage noodle soup - YUM!yelp.com/user_local_phot…4) Beef chili pepper noodle soup - YUM! - tad bit salty and tad bit too much oil on top but still good!yelp.com/user_local_phot…5) Beef wrapped in scallion pancake - I personally liked the crunch.  Bf stated that he would have preferred more scallions.yelp.com/user_local_phot…6) Salt sticky rice roll - Good - as expectedyelp.com/user_local_phot…Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings):7) Steamed pork and crab meat buns - YUM! - yelp.com/user_local_phot…8) Steamed pork buns - YUM!This place is VERY cheap.  Everything listed above came out to about $36!Note:  This place is also noted in the 2010 Michelin Guide.  However, noted as the Noodle House.I would definitely return again, especially for the soup dumplings (steamed pork & crab meat buns)!
Came here for soup dumplings--the service was crap--and the other foods were ok...I've certainly had better elsewhere--but the soup dumplings at least were fairly good...can't say much else about this place. If i come here--I guess I'll be ready for the lacking service and just order the soup dumplings
So apparently this place is THE spot to go to in queens for soup dumplings but I have to disagree. The place is dirty, found a hair in my noodle with scallion sauce dish, I asked for a glass of water and it had grease stains floating on top and grease stains on the entire table and utensils. They forgot to bring my friends order of fried pork buns and when we complained they brought the wrong dish and started making up excuses saying that their English is not too good. The food is alright but once you see how dirty the place is and find hairs in your dish, you simply can't enjoy it. We pretty much paid for crappy food and crappy service
They have the best soup dumplings ever... be careful because they come out steaming hot. When you bite into them it is just full of goodness that fulfills every craving!Soooo good!
First time at this restaurant.  Came here at 1pm on a weekday and it wasn't crowded. The restaurant has three sections - a little confusing when meeting people here. Anyways, we ordered 2 crab soup dumplings,  1 beef scallion pancake,  1 spicy tendon, 1 Shanghai stir fried udon, 1 salted soy bean& sticky rice and 1 noodle soup.  All this for $52 with tips.  Not bad for the price and everything was tasty!  Staff was friendly and attentive. Restaurant looks clean. Will definitely come back!
Don't come here expecting your standard carry out fare. That's not what's on the menu at this delicious and more than affordable spot for delectable Shanghai cuisine. We have been no fewer than six or seven times in the last year alone and constantly bring friends each time who've all loved it as much as we have. Favorites include of course their namesake, the soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, pork and veggie wontons with spicy peanut sauce, Shanghai Udon fried noodles, crispy noodles with pork, beef and chili pepper soup, garlic cucumbers, and so forth. I've yet to be disappointed either in quality or price. Service is perfunctory and direct but gets the job done. Our favorite Chinese restaurant hands down. So glad they've recently expanded! Cash only so be prepared.
Delicious soup dumplings and rice cakes but also try the shrimp dumplings in sour broth..very unique..nice clean restaurant with friendly service
Not my favorite spot but def my top 3 dumpling spot. Reasonable price and delicious. Wish they spoke better English tho.
Damn these dumplings are good. Soup dumplings from scalding heaven. No wonder there is always a line.. Cheap and awesome. Also their beef noodle soup was unreal.
Been hearing about this place non-stop from all of my Asian friends, so I decided to go there recently for some veggie dumplings. Very non-descript store front. In fact, I don't even think their sign is written in English (not surprising for Flushing). The only reason I knew it was Nan Xiang was because of some of the Michelin posters taped to the windows of the restaurant, which were in English. Went in, and it was definitely packed as I went in right around the peak lunch hour. Decor was minimal and a bit tacky. There were people milling around the front desk, so it was hard to get up there to order take-out.Once I did get to the front, though, it was pretty confusing. I asked, twice, about the difference between the hand-made dumplings and the steamed veggie dumplings. Hostess had no idea what the difference was, and only proceeded to tell me that they were "out" of the hand-made dumplings. She later corrected herself and said that they don't have those in the restaurant anymore. Okayyy, then why is it on your menu still?? In any case, I gave her my order for veggie dumplings and handed her my credit card, only to be told that they only accept cash. I then proceeded to wait over 15 minutes for 6 dumplings--not cool. Not sure if it was because they were veggie dumplings, and hardly anyone probably orders them in Flushing, but whatever the reason, it was a long wait for such a small order.I finally went back to my office with dumplings in hand. They were pretty hot, and I could tell, fresh. But they oddly smelled of pork. Not sure if I can ever trust restaurants in Flushing to keep out all meat products in veggie dishes, but what the hey. Dumplings were just ok, nothing to rave about. For $6, I was expecting a LOT more especially from a place this hyped up. If you eat meat, this would probably be a good place, but no good for this vegetarian.
While helping a friend move out of the area one day I knew it would be a while before I had another chance to come back here. I called ahead of time to place an order for a couple dozen soup dumplings and pork buns and it took about 45 minutes for the order to be filled. While I waited in the restaurant it was nice to see the all the dumplings being made right in front of you.   I'm torn between giving them 3 & 4 stars the dumplings were great(not the best I've had) and it took forever to get the order. All in all a solid dumpling spot. It's very popular so expect a wait to be seated. Unfortunately I can't comment on too many other aspects of the restaurant since I only did take out. I would go back to dine in and experience some other dishes but for take out I might try a different spot.
Their service isn't the best but it sure is fast. One like weekends or nights there's usually a long line so if you want to come here, try and beat the rush. They only accept cash only, and you definitely have to order the xiao long bao when you come here given this place is made for it.
10:30pm Friday night = busy but NO WAIT and quick service!+ pork and crab soup dumplings + jellyfish appetizer dish+ crispy noodle with shredded chicken+ iced sweetened soy milkThe soup dumplings lived up to their reviews. The jellyfish dish was cold and chewy, in a good way. The crispy noodle came covered in a lot of sauce but didn't taste that way. Really enjoyed the food (and the soy milk)!  Yum, definitely prefer this place over Joe Shanghai's!
I love the food here. We always get an order of each soup dumpling, an order of scallion pancakes and pork rice cake. Yummy. The place is pretty fast paced but the food delivers. Prefer it over joes shang hai
Great pork and shrimp dumplings. Fast service and not crowded. Broth in dumplings was rich and delightful.
Today was a Non-Football afternoon. I did not know what to do, but I knew that some delicious food was in order. With my desires to try a new place and my list of bookmarks, Nan Xiang Dumpling House was on top of my list.It amazes me still to this day how one place is packed and the place next door, two tables only. Nan Xiang had about a 10 to 20 minute wait this afternoon and a constant flow of guests waiting on line.Crab & Pork Steam DumplingsAfter reading reviews from Yelp Nation I was educated in the proper procedure in enjoying this wonderful dish. Small bite, then slurp, slurp and enjoy. No longer will I be in pain from hot juices exploding in my mouth. The mixture was lite and soft in texture with a thin skin. It was delicious with lite flavors. I know that when I have a good dumpling I get that warm feeling of something good.Wontons in Spicy SauceI am not a big fan of peanut sauce. The menu said it was spicy, so, why not. It was a very light and creamy sauce with a small kick to it. The order came with 8 small wontons that held up to the sauce. It was a delicate taste with lots of flavor.Peppers with Beef Noodle SoupSimple dish, but well executed. Shredded Beef with slice jalapeno peppers in a beef base broth with noodles. Broth had flavor, but not over powered by spiciness. Beef tender and peppers had the kick. The noodles gave it the texture and soften the spice of the peppers. Nice dish.Cash only. No biggie since it is very cheap.I can see why this place had a wait. Lots of good food at a very cheap price point. I love food that is simple and executed right. What can I say. I am a cheap date........
Be prepared to wait in line no matter what time you go but it is worth the wait. I stopped counting how many times we have been here, maybe 20+? The dumplings are worth the hype and earned all four of those Michelin Ratings they received, and I am sure it will not be their last Michelin. But it's not just the dumplings, their spicy beef soup with noodles is to go "cracky" over. There is a part of me that can't wait for winter just so we can go here and get their soups; nothing like a perfectly, spicy hot soup on a cold winter day. As far as I am concerned, this is THE best Dumpling Restaurant in Flushing.
I loved my crispy seafood noodles and soup dumplings. The dumplings come pretty hot; let them cool before taking a mouthful.
It was okay. But there's too many smokers inside and out. The food was okay. Could've gone to a nearby bakery. The wait is okay. Everything is okay.
This is one of the popular restaurants for a long time! It had expanded from one store to three! My experience has been all pleasant until I saw something unexpected in my food. Yes, inside my food! The servers just shook their head and left .. Since then I have not return....
Food was very good.  Highly recommended..Make sure to try the lamb chops!
I was sooo excited to try this place since I'm a soup dumpling addict and we made a special trip out to Flushing for them. The flavor was there (ordered the pork and crab), but alas the dough was too thick! Not the thin and delicate ones that I was hoping for. Maybe it was an off batch bc people who know soup dumplings have recommended this place to us...On the plus side there was plenty of soup in the dumplings, and they were pretty huge compared to what we are used to in LA. It wasn't the mind blowing experience I was looking for, expectations possibly ran too high.
Went for here for dinner based on all the positive reviews. The soup dumplings were really good. Nice watching the staff prep dumplings. The udon seafood noodles were delicious as well. Food came out fast! The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is based on the fact that wait staff took my plate of noodles away from me before I was even finished eating it and no one checked up on us to see how everything was. It's also cash only so be sure to hit the ATM before heading there.
The dumplings were great.  Very comparable to restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley (California)  We ended eating here two nights in a row (food was quite good and reasonable).  Looking forward to our next visit to Flushing.
Their hot soy milk is delightfully lightly sweetened. The leek empanada has a crispy crust and juicy filling, but is a little salty. And their soup dumplings are tender and gushing with savory soup. On a Thursday early morning, the wait staff was unusually chipper for a Chinese restaurant.
Soup dumplings, I love you. I've heard and seen so many good reviews about this place so when he said he was craving soup dumplings from Nan Xiang specifically, I was happy to comply. We arrived late Saturday night and to my relief, there was no wait (we were starving!). We ordered the pork and the crab dumplings, scallion pancake with sliced beef and noodles with scallion sauce. The pancakes came out first. It is basically  a sliced beef sandwich with hoisin sauce, similar to how you would eat Peking duck. Not the best scallion pancakes I've ever had, but it was still delicious. The noodles were next. It is listed under "Noodle Soup," so it wasn't quite what I expected because there was no soup to be had at all, but it had good flavor (especially after adding a bit of the hot oil that was provided).Then, finally - the main event: dumplings! Served piping hot, they were the stars of our meal. I've always preferred the pork version over the crab at Joe's Shanghai; I felt the same here as well. Both are delicious though; I'd definitely say try it at least once. As we were eating, I saw that the table next to us had ordered dumplings that were coated in hot oil... Ooh, what is that?! It's on my list of must-try's for next time.
It's all about the soup dumplings. Better than all the others in New York. Just the right amount of "soup". Just the right flavor. You get six to an order. And the only issue is how many orders to get. The scallion pancake with beef is excellent too.
This place is so good... one of the best soup dumplings spots in the nyc area. The service is a little iffy, but the food makes up for it.
The first time is always special. Amy S. and I were the two lucky lucky girls who got to take Evan R.'s first time (not once, but twice!). Because Amy is the expert, she took the lead in instructing Evan in placing the warm sack of meat known as the soup dumpling. He gently cradled the dumpling and gingerly bit into the thin skin. Amy warned him of the warm juices that would overflow from the sack of meat and it quickly filled his mouth. His eyes widen slightly in fear because he didn't know what to do.Amy commanded, "Swallow!"I don't know what it is, but there's always in inverse relationship between the height of an Asian girl and bossiness. Anyway, you should always do what Amy S. demands. Or there might be consequences . . . .We ate other stuff too, but I can't remember them. Maybe Amy will SHOUT the other dishes we had. Garrett P. may or may not have been watching the entire time.After the soup dumplings, we took Evan for another Asian experience involving balls. Little black ones. He enjoyed it. Very much.
Having been dulled by the lackluster authentic Chinese food living in Manhattan, it's been hard for me to discern what is quality anymore. Whenever my parents come into town to visit, I use them as a barometer as to what is authentic and good - considering they still live in the Bay Area with frequent trips to Asia.Color me impressed when my parents gushed about how good the dumplings were here. Both the regular pork and the the ones with crab were good but I always prefer the flavor-packed crab option. And at $5.50-6.50 for 6, you just can't beat the price especially at this quality.The Pan Fried Pork Buns are also good but these are the thick skinned bao-like variety. My parents noted that this wasn't as good as the ones near our home in the Bay. I wouldn't recommend the Pork & Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce, as the spicy sauce is composed mostly of a sesame-seed paste flavor as opposed to the usual spicy sauce I prefer and have had before.A good accompaniment to the dishes is a bowl of soy milk with crispy dough to dip in. I always get the sweet one but my dad prefers the salty one. Both are worth trying but this is one of those divisive things that people will usually prefer one over the other.Lines can build fast in the morning so you might have to wait a bit but it is worth it.
First meal, after landing in NYC. Ate the xiaolongbao by biting open a hole and pouring the black vinegar + sliced ginger vinegar inside with a tiny spoon. They were very well-made. Also ordered the stirfried rice cakes and a soybean dish. Classics--simple and very good. Hope to go back again!
There was a line going out the door, but definitely worth the wait. Tasted exactly like the dim sum I've had in Shanghai - the crab steamed buns are absolutely delicious.
this place is slamming. Best soup dumpings in the 5 boroughs. Enough said. I wish I can come here for breakfast. But I would have to wake up at 630am to get there at 8am. errr. first world problems.
The xiao lung bao is delicious. Whether it's crab meat or pork you can't go wrong. The girlfriend likes it = I like it. It's reasonably priced as well.
If this place was just a little closer to Manhattan... The soup dumplings are out-of-this/world fantastic and so is the scallion pancake. It's super cheap which makes up for the pretty poor service.
This place was DELICIOUS.  We ate until we just couldn't hold anymore, and they just kept coming by with MORE.  Abundance wasn't the word.  Delicious, reasonably priced (for the amount of food and beverage consumed), and fantastic.  A hidden gem in Queens!
I love this place enough to make the 2 hour round trip out to flushing every month. The crispy noodles are well-fried with tasty vegetables and meat accompanying it, but the standout here is the xiao long bao. The skin is on the thicker side, but it has a pleasant chewy texture and isn't just doughy. The filling is meaty and juicy, just bursting with flavor. The crab ones are especially good, and have that sweet seafood taste to them. They're definitely among the best I've had in my life (din tai fung being the other competitor). The hot soybean milk + youtiao aren't bad either, and the scallion pancakes are pretty good. The only downside is that the restaurant sometimes gets really crowded and this results in food being slow coming out, and also having to elbow-to-elbow with strangers. Still, the fantastic xlbs are worth the trouble.
Food 3Service 1.5Ambiance 2O/all 2I was so disappointed.  I drove far and paid a boatload of tolls to taste the supposedly better chinese food in flushing...big fail.  Grade inflation here.Things to note:1/ honestly, not that inexpensive especially considering portion sizes2/ staff is terrible3/ cramped, loud, and not too clean...but that is ok as one expects it for chinese4/ a lot of items run out5/ the soup dumplings are on par with area but fail compared to the bay area, and (of course) asia or Ding Tai Fung6/ municipal lot across the street is convenient7/ cash only8/ some food was bland
Some of the best soup dumplings, red oil dumplings and fried rice cakes I have ever had.  And for that price, it really can't be beat.  It is almost always crowded there, but the staff are efficient, so it's usually a bearable wait.  For the price and quality of the food though, it is worth it, even if it is cramped and service is subpar.
For many, dumplings are immediately praised as soul food.  It's a staple that has been adopted and adapted by Jewish/Southern/Italian/Chinese and other grandmas worldwide.  But for me, doughy things that are usually steam/soup based often simply taste like doughy things that have been too-long steamed or boiled.   I prefer tactile challenges, and punchy flavors... nothing mushy and boring and diffused in flavor.But every once in a while, minds can be changed.  This takes a bit of artisanal wizardry.  The lovely ladies at Nan Xiang are such wizards.  There's a core filling, such as pork or crab, melded into a patty worthy of it's own, separate consumption.  This resides, like a yolk, inside a small measure of soup, which itself is suspended in a dough sack that's steamed to fertile perfection.The challenge to all those present is to scoop up these steamy balls from the communal area and deliver them to your plate without spilling the precious liquid/protein confluence.  If you do it right, you earn the right to suck the whole thing down from an undersized spoon.  But if you err, the seeds get spilled everywhere.I might be wrong by alluding to possible testicular analogies, but China does have a billion people and the world's oldest cuisines.... there are bound to be parallels.They do serve a lot of other things besides dumplings, but this seems to be their signature dish.  So grab a pair (or six) and simply enjoy the experience.
I finally visited Nan Xiang to checkout for myself the hype about their soup dumpling.We ordered the soup dumpling and pan fried pork buns even before my buns touched the seat.To feed our hunger we ordered a rice cake & pan fried u-don as starters.After we finished the two dishes the soup dumpling finally came out (30+ minutes).Two of us ate:+  Rice Cake with Shredded Chicken ($6.95)- Tasty but greasy. The bottom of the plate was a pool of oil.  Rate 3/5. +  Shanghai Pan Fried U-Don ($6.95)- Tasty & salty. The small amount of shredded pork in the dish is almost nonexistent!  Rate 3/5.+  Pan Fried Pork Buns ($5.50)- Tasty & a good size. The bottom is nicely fried but the bun count is only 6 and costs considerably more than Chinatown, Manhattan. I'm accustomed to the 8 per order.  Rate 4/5.+  Steamed Pork Buns (soup dumpling) ($5.50)- Very good but only a count of 6. Is it better than the best Chinatown dumpling houses? No, it is about the same!  Rate 4/5.Total rating: 3.5/5. Note1: Service is not the best I have experienced. The waiters are not too responsive; must be the language barrier!Note2: If you live in Queens go to Nan Xiang in Flushing for your soup dumplings. If you live in the other boroughs it is not worth the long trip into Flushing. You can get the same quality in Chinatown, Manhattan. Save on travelling time and get bigger portions in Manhattan.
I actually really liked the soup dumplings here a lot.  Fortunately when we got here, there weren't that many people.  Unfortunately we had an incompetent server.We came here as a table of four with my bf's brother's wifey who spoke mandarin.  I'm not sure what took so long but the table next to us came in later and definitely got their food first.  We watched our server like a hawk, and I guess she pulled the short stick that day because all she was doing was refilling stuff.  Maybe she doesn't know how to bring food to a table because someone else gave us the food.  She never checked on us until we asked someone else for the check.  How rude.  We joked about the soy milk since they had the sweet and salty.  Do you know what makes the soy milk salty?  Yea, their crappy service and attitudes apparently...
One of the best Xiao Long Bao place around! And best thing is they open earlier than other restaurant which offer Xiao Long Bao. Located close to the public parking space and also LIRR train station.
Made the trek from Brooklyn to try their crab and pork  dumplings. They were ok. They were lighter and less flavorful that Joe's Shanghai in which my opion is a better deal. If you live in the Flushing area then I would go but not worth the one hour train ride. Didn't think too much of the Shu mail
All of the Michelin Awards plastered all over the restaurant  gave me great hope. While I wasn't completely disappointed, I wasn't totally impressed. The dumplings were pretty good tonight (we had the pork and crab and the veggie dumplings)... but they weren't awesome (and, most came fused to the wooden steamer vessel.. so when we used the tongs to pick them up, all of the lovely juices vomited out. We also had noodle soup (beef and pork chop). The broth was great for both but overall, I would not go there for anything but the dumplings.At the end of it all, I still left with the drying MSG sensation in my mouth. So, good but not great.
I'd heard tons of good things about Nan Xiang, including that it can be considered even better than the Din Tai Fung (chain from Taiwan), so I had to swing by and try it. On a weeknight, there was no wait and we were able to get seated right away. We ordered the steamed pork buns and the steamed pork & crab buns, along with the beef crispy noodles. XLB: not the best ever, I think the skin is a little too thick. XLB are supposed to be delicate, and these definitely were not. This is also nitpicky, but the meat to "space between the meat and skin" ratio is a little too much. I also could also barely taste the crab in the pork & crab xlbs... not worth the extra buck.Crispy noodles: your standard "dry" chow mein. It was good but nothing particularly different about it. Overall, Nan Xiang is a decent place to come to for Shanghainese/Cantonese, but I wasn't impressed.
Really good Chinese food! All of our food was great and the service was good. I would definitely recommend this place to others.
Excellent soup dumplings. The crab XLBs are very different from the regular nanxiang XLBs. I can't get enough of this stuff. 20% of the time I've come here, the skin of the XLB adhered to the paper, which caused a small tear in the dumpling when you try to lift it up. The tear causes soup to spill out, which really sucks, but this doesn't happen often. Still, worth it. Just be gentle when picking the XLBs up.
The best soup dumplings in flushing. The major difference between the dumplings from here and Joes Shanghai I find are these aren't as salty and taste much fresher. Don't get me started on their cold appetizers, I can eat the spicy beef and tripe all day long and twice on sundays. I like the gluten appetizer as well, i'm not a  vegetarian but something about it I find very comforting. Noodles can tend to be on the greasy side but I came to a chinese restaurant so It better be greasy as those are my expectations, Who wants a dry ungreasie noodle anyways. Scallion pancake with beef is the only thing I am not a big fan of, I find the pancake to have the right amount of drippy oil but too fluffy for my taste. I come here often and find the service to be what I expect for flushing. I love how when you sit down they ask you how many dumplings you want because let's not kid ourselves, that is the main reason for coming here.
I'd never had soup dumplings before visiting this place and it certainly satisfied my curiosity. The service was great. We arrived early, which was a good idea because a line had started to form when we left at 10:30 on a Saturday. The scallion pancakes with beef are phenomenal. Don't miss those.
This place is great! The soup dumplings are delicious. Honestly, you need to try it. They even have homemade soymilk. This place is super authentic.
My favorite Xiao Long Bao joint of all time! I'm rarely ever in the Queens area for food.. but when I am, you can find me here! They've extended their restaurant space so the wait for seats aren't too long.. so don't fret! I always dread the search for a parking spot and wait for seats but it'll definitely be worth it!The broth in the soup dumplings are so damn delicious! So good with the vinegar-ginger-soy sauce. I can easily eat an entire order of these myself! Along with the soup dumplings, I like to order the Scallion Pancake with the sliced beef, the rice cakes with pork and any of their soup noodle options.
Sunday with a party of 8 during peak lunch hours: pretty good experience.We sat at the very front next to the door and in front of the window. Besides the hungry people waiting in line and watching us eat, and the occasional draft of crisp air, we had a good time. I've never been a super fan of their soup dumplings, but I know everyone else loves them. The skin and broth are good, but I'm not as enthusiastic about the slight ginger (?) taste in the filling.We also ordered scallion pancakes and shanghai pan fried udon. The noodles were okay.  Next time I'll try the nian gao. It looked really good compared to the udon.They did separate checks for us, which many places refuse to do. They gave us the option without asking. Considering the amount of people in the restaurant, we had good service. Tea refills and food were timely. For soup dumpling enthusiasts, make sure to drop by and give them a try.
One order of the pork Xiao Long Bao comes in six, so you're going to want to order one order per person because like Pringles "Once You Pop, You Can't Stop" and sharing these yummy dumplings may not be enough because they are tiny. Each six had their own uniqueness to them:1) The first one was like connecting with all the hundred yelpers on here that say it is so good, agreed, it was so good. I been to Joe Shanghai but it was years ago and the taste forgotten. I don't think this was a reminder of it, just anewing. The first one was like testing the water to see the temperature, bit into it and some of the yummy broth dripped onto the plate, I quickly sucked up the remaining broth still left in the dumpling and giggled. Quickly popped the rest in my mouth, darn good!2) The second one, I followed what I have read in other reviews: " just pop the whole thing in your mouth and bite on it", like an explosion in my mouth, literally. It was steaming and the deliciously flavored broth just bursts mixing in with the soft and slightly chewy dough and the pork. One popped the broth gushing to the cheeks and caught me in the throat. What a simple yet mind and taste pleasing wonder.3) The third one didn't make it! Like an over packed water balloon, the third one popped on me. I must have squeezed too hard because I was using chopsticks to push them onto the spoon. I'm like -oh no-, it's like when you're eating ice cream and the scoop of ice cream accidentally rolls off on the ground, you really wanted to finish it though! Darn, I pop the salvaged dough in my mouth, eat the pork separately and slurp the remaining broth from my plate. Each one is so delicious, you can't even let one escape.4) As for the rest, I thought the texture of the dough was very good, very thin and soft. The dough had a light chewy texture but then it is smoothed out by the broth. The broth itself has a very light flavor to it but it is a natural made broth goodness and it packs a burst of yum. That in itself is a contradiction, a light flavored broth giving such great taste, like an ant carrying a hundred times it's own weight. The pork inside is very good as well, not meaty but a well flavored ground down chew that makes the whole combination of these dumplings awesome.These are really fun and delicious to eat. I didn't like the vinegar sauce that came with it, it gave the dumplings a bad taste in my opinion, I would have preferred some Sriracha chili sauce but then it might ruin the flavor, I think it's best on it's own, just like you don't need A1 sauce on a good steak. If I worked in the area, this would be lunch 4 days out of the week. I would give this place a 5 star rating but I am sure there are better out there, with a larger better dining area (though Nan Xiang tables are clean and comfortable). The line was not too long on a Saturday night, a twenty minutes wait but then eight people came right after, the wait period depends.
Wow not really sure what the hype is, this place is really big and pretty busy. Ordered the soup dumplings, fried dumplings and rice cake with shredded pork and preserved cabbage. The soup dumplings lack flavor, the fried dumpling skin was thick and doughy, and the rice cake was bland and has a tasteless veggie that was preserved cabbage. The only really great thing is the municipal lot right across the street.
known for the BEST xiao long bao (steamed soup dumplings) in NYC?well they aren't the best XLB's i've ever had but they're pretty good and MUCH better than Joe's Shanghai in chinatown!! ----(6 dumplings per order) the soup of the steamed pork dumplings wasn't too salty & the dumplings were bigger in size! the skin was thin (which is always a big bonus)----green onion pancakes: nice crispy outside but too much of a chewy mochi texture inside, i prefer mine with more flaky layers (ordered it with & without beef)----cold spicy beef & tendon: SPICY & tasty----complimentary tea like any other chinese restaurant aroundCASH ONLY
This place has the best Soup Dumplings. They make them just enough soup inside so they are not too dry inside or overfilled. The soup inside is very tasty and runny not too thick. The dumplings never stick on the bamboo steamer which is the most important of all. If the dumpling stick, when pick it up from the bamboo steamer, it will break and soup will leak.The only negative thing about this place is the staff are not too friendly and do not understand English well.
The dumplings here are really good if you eat it hot in store. Try not to take it might become 3 stars when it's cold. I would definitely go back again.
After reading great reviews and hearing recommendations from co-workers and friends, we had to try this dumpling house!We arrived Sunday at 1:30PM.  It was still very crowded.  We waited about 15-20 minutes b/c we only needed a table for 2.  For a larger group, it probably would have been longer.Hooray for GREAT PRICES and vegetarian options.  However, I must say the meat ones are probably so much better, since it's the staple.  *tear*  I feel my Chinese roots crying.We had:Crispy Dough  $1.50Salty Rice Roll (includes meat, pickled veggies, and crispy dough.  We asked for no meat and they happily accomodated)  $2.50Vegetable Dumplings  $4.95 i thinkAn enjoyable experience.  Affordable, friendly-enough, fast service.
I come here a lot, and the food was sub par for a while, but it has been getting better. Service is still bad. We ordered a soup halfway in our meal and they completely forgot about us
Okay, so I didn't realize that soup dumplings literally have soup inside the dumpling.  I was pleasantly surprised to taste the burst of flavorful liquid when biting into a soup dumpling... unless of course you end of bursting the dumpling before it reaches your mouth.  I can't help but wonder how these dumplings are made... I digress.I checked out Nan Xiang for a late lunch with my visiting 9 year-old sister, a foodie-in-the-making.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings (took me a while to find them on the menu as they are simply listed as dumplings), the spicy beef and tripe and scallion pancakes.The soup dumplings were tasty, but the highlight for me was the beef and tripe dish.  My goodness!  Served cold, perfectly textured tripe, delicious beef and the spicy was on point!  My little sister agreed it was good, but it was way too spicy for her to eat.  So I enjoyed as much of it as I could, before decided to take the rest home for the next day's lunch.  So good!  The scallion pancake was my little sister's favorite.  It was so good we ordered another order, and also ended up taking most of that order home as well.  The scallion pancake at Nan Xiang is definitely unlike others I've had.  It was not as eggy as I expected, but it was more of a pastry.  The texture was amazing and the flavor was just right. I would definitely go back to Nan Xiang, but I can't say I'd go out of my way just for the soup dumpling, but definitely for the spicy tripe and scallion pancake.
The fish and cabbage soup is insanely good and I've never found it anywhere else. The soup dumplings are the best in NYC. What more can I say? Have come here five or six times and have always had good food, good service and a super small tab. How often can you have four people eat a delicious meal at a Michelin recommended restaurant for $28.00? The place is crowded, there's sometimes a line, the bathrooms are never clean, there's about as much atmosphere as there is at a Motel 6 lobby, but the food is so good who cares! MMM MMM MMM!!!!This is the perfect food for a chilly day. So good, so inexpensive, and so satisfying!!!
So I swore I wasn't going to go back to Nan Xiang Dumpling House after the first time because I was not happy with the service, at all. I am used to brusk service, I live in Chinatown! HA! Anyways....the portion size seemed to have improved a bit. The first time I went here, I couldn't believe how TINY the FRIED TINY BUNS were. I was in shock how TINY they are! ha! I mean TINY BUNS are small but Nan Xiang had the tiniest of them all! This time they were more normal sized. I dont know what happened. And they listened to me when I asked the waitress to make it well done....She first looked at me with puzzlement....I said can you cook the Fried Tiny Buns LONGER...I tried to even stretch out the word verbally and used my hands to demonstrate longer!! ha! HEY it worked...it came out crunchier! Yay! I didn't even take off my coat and I wanted to order ASAP because they are infamous for taking forever to get the food to you. Thank goodness we ordered noodles too because the soup dumplings took FOREVER, over an hour. What if we didn't have enough soup dumplings and wanted to order more after eating the first round of soup dumplings? Then you would probably wait another 45 minutes to an hour for one steamer of soup dumplings. That is crazy. Why do we have to wait so long when it was not crowded because it was way past lunch time by the time we were eating...I mean there were empty tables!  Their soup dumplings which were smaller the first time I went here improved in size this time, thank goodness! Maybe they had a different person making the first time? Or unless they decided to make it bigger because I swore they were smaller. It pissed me off the first time. Personally ordering multiple orders at once means the soup dumplings underneath the first bamboo steamer will get cold...I dont like cold soup dumpings. I like it PIPING HOT. Because Nan Xiang takes forever....it seems like you will have to know how many soup dumplings you want before you sit down....ORDER RIGHT AWAY!!!!!!!! If you wait until you read the menu and then order.....FORGET IT...IT WILL BE DYING OF STARVATION. Trust me even if you order RIGHT AWAY...it will be some time before you see the soup dumplings...you have to order other food....which sucks because all I wanted was soup dumplingsI wonder if I can call when I leave my place heading to Nan Xiang and say...hey I am coming to have your soup dumplings to stay in....can I order it now so when i get there....I wont have to wait long!! :-\To me the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang are just as good as the other places I go to in Manhattan Chinatown. So unless I was in Flushing anyways, I wouldn't go out of my way...it's just as good elsewhere. I can get brusk service that ignores me and takes forever anywhere else in Chinatown!
Nan Xiang is a consistently solid restaurant serving some of the most popular Shanghainese dishes, though not special enough to warrant a trek from Manhattan to Flushing for it alone. In terms of xiaolongbao, Joe's Shanghai is just as tasty and has more delicate skin. The sheng jian bao satisfied my craving but again was just good, not great. Both were oversized compared to what I'm used to, so be prepared if you're coming with just one other person. The fuqi fei pian was excellent, even though Nan Xiang is a Shanghainese restaurant, and uses big slices of beef and tripe. I could've eaten it all day. I've also tried their fan tuan, scallion pancakes, and cold soy milk before too, which were all decent. I would come here more if it weren't so far away.
OK let me join the great Nan Xiang vs Joe Shanghai Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling) debate. So after all these great reviews and all the hype over Nan Xiang's soup dumplings I had to come over and give it a try. I've tried a few times before but couldn't justify the wait time for something I knew I could get elsewhere. With much anticipation I bit into the dumpling and tasted what I expected to be soupy goodness. It was good, but wasn't Great or nearly THE BEST EVER!  What are all these people talking about "Cleaner" and "Lighter" ?!?!?!?! I don't want my Soup Dumplings to taste "CLEAN!" or "LIGHT!" I want them GREASY and FATTY!!!!!!!!  Greasy and Fatty means MORE TASTE! Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown has pretty clean and light soup dumplings with a fluffier skin. I'd even say they were better than Nan Xiang. The scallion pancakes here weren't nearly as good as Joe Shanghai too. The Pancake with beef was pretty disappointing too. Maybe everyone's a health nut these days, but why are you getting soup dumplings to begin with?! I say go for GREASY and FATTY soup dumplings at Joe's or eat Kale. haha yes... I do have moderately high cholesterol... =(... haha
I'm not too sure what i can add to this place that hasn't already been said.The dumplings are super flavorful.  The beef scallion pancakes are really a stand out. Other than that i really haven't had much from here, occasionally some chinese broccoli and some sort of meat over rice.Definitely my standard stop when i take a pilgrimage out to Flushing every couple months.
Had dumplings last night as well as their pork rolls. Really cheap and fresh. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they only take cash.
For me I guess this place is good for breakfast,cuz if u want to chill out with friends and have something special for the dinner,their menu seems not much things u can order. Their food is not bad and services is ok but somehow that place don't seem very clean for me
The place can accommodate quite a few people.  On the weekends, it gets very crowded.  The staff is adequate.  The selection is quite substantial.  All in all:  very enjoyable.
Seriously, everytime i eat here it's a great experience. "The meal isn't over when I'm full, it's over when I hate myself"
Always a good place to have soup dumplings! There are cheaper places, but this place does it pretty damn good to have me coming back for more.
Strengths here are the XLB, Shanghai shao mai, and rice cakes. You tiao and dou jiang are acceptable. Stick with the Shanghainese dishes I guess.Other items are fried when they are typically done on a griddle such as the scallion pancakes and chives and egg bun. (but maybe you like them fried, no points off for personal preferences).Felt the salty soy bean curd was actually too salty (someone out there is going to tell me to mix it all up) - and the salty sticky rice roll needed a little more flavor. Beef one day in the scallion pancake roll was a little too chewy and probably need more slow cooking.Can you get better XLB at other food courts? Maybe. Is it nice to not have to fight for a seat at a food court when you are dining with more than two people? Yep! How about a place open at 8 a.m.? For all these reasons...not enough to knock Nan Xiang down to 3 star. (and I'm not going to be one to take them task for service either - had no real issues on my two visits this week).Trying to visit on a Sunday (or Saturday?) and want to minimize your wait...getting there before noon helps even for us waiting for a table of 5.
Came for a late night snack. Originally planned to go to Tasty & Spicy down the street but they closed early (Thank God they did because otherwise I may have eaten there without noticing not only the C health rating, but the bugs in the restaurant visible from outside the restaurant!! I'm not a clean freak, but really!?! ICK) The atmosphere is comparable to a takeout restaurant or most chinatown joints. You get about the same kind of service you would at Pizza Hut. But at least you can look over and see two older Chinese women slicing meat and hand stuffing the dumplings themselves. No gloves worn here.  Complementary tea is hot and tasty. I went for the veggie dumplings and the Noodles with Scallion sauce.The dumplings were fresh and pretty darn good. I like the vinegar they use here, especially after I add a ton of red chili sauce to it. The vegetables are finely minced but it tastes like its got some sea veggies and mushrooms in there. Veggie dumplings can tend to be a little bland, but the filling in these was flavorful. The noodles with scallion sauce tasted like a noodle version of my beloved sesame pancakes like the popular ones at Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown. Basic egg noodles with sesame oil, soy sauce, black vinegar and sesame seeds. That's it, no protein or veggies. When the dish is first presented the sauce is in the bottom of the bowl and the plain noodles are lobbed on top. It certainly does not appear appetizing! Don't fret, just mix the sauce in. I add copious qualities of red chili sauce and a little extra soy sauce to add some flavor and help pull the sometimes sticky noodles apart. This dish would be really good with some protein and veggies, but if you love noodles and the flavor of sesame, its a good call. Mister Brian C. got soup dumplings and a noodle soup. He finds the dumplings here unimpressive and overrated. On top of that they are more expensive than the ones in Chinatown. He decided to give them another shot since we were in the neighborhood and I was hungry! I have a feeling he won't be back, and you can find him at Chinatown at Shanghai cafe instead.He said the noodle soup was okay, not bad, but not amazing. I doubt he will be back.
Came here on a Tuesday morning, the waitresses are very busy and kept missing some orders bc no one writes anything down and customers are always shouting out more stuff. Two diff waitresses brought us the same dish, and I asked for a straw 5 times before I got one. The soup dumplings are pretty good, and the soy drinks are really good. I had the cold soy drink, everyone else got the hot soy with salty stuff in them. The small dishes are good, like the spicy tripe and beef, the garlic cucumbers... Green peas... And their fried crispy dough is yummmm.Recommend if you have patience
We've been here twice, most recently mid-week for some soup dumplings.  We ordered two sets of dumplings and some crispy noodles with beef.  I am not an expert with soup dumplings, but I thought they were awesome.  It helped that we were here mid-week, had no wait and thus, the food came out pretty quickly.  It also helped that the cost for these three dishes was under $20.  Hells yeah, I'll be coming back!
I loved this place.  My friends and I ordered a lot of food, and everything was delicious.  The soup dumplings were especially awesome!  If you want to find a place to get good, reasonably-priced dim sum in Flushing, I highly recommend this place!
As a shanghainese lived in Shanghai for 18 years, the food they offer does not taste authentic shanghai style. I ordered xiaolongbao, it is juicy, but it is not the real taste of xiaolongbao. Also ordered shanghai style pot sticker, that is also not good. The skin is too thick, inside is not juicy...
Soupy dumplings are delicious! There is just something about scalding hot soup with pork wrapped inside a delicious wrapper that is very appealing- so appetizing that I'm willing to sustain the burnt tongue feeling the next day. This place definitely has solid pork soup dumplings! Add in the vinegary sauce they serve them with and I am in sodium heaven! This place is cash only, like a number of other dumpling spots. Finding an ATM in the area can be a bit tricky, so bring cash before you head into Flushing. The service was very pleasant. No one shouting overhead to relay orders. The atmosphere was nice, but a bit cramped- another thing I've come to expect at dumpling houses. However the wait time in between orders is what really pulls this review down. I love that the food is fresh, but I despise the idea of waiting 40 minutes for fried pork dumplings. Typically my group will order 3-4 times depending on who still wants more of a particular item. I STRONGLY suggest you put in a large order in the beginning. The wait between dumpling orders was about 30-40 minutes.But if you're looking for a solid dumpling spot and don't want to travel into the city you should give this place a shot.
This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings, although from what I remember the regular pan-fried dumplings are not greatWe usually order the scallion pancake, which is also very good, and the pan fried udon, which is just okay but filling
People always rave about Flushing how they have the best Chinese food. When you walk the streets something tells you it's a little over hyped. Well, that's not necessarily true. Enter the glass doors of Nan Xiang Dumpling House for the finest Xiao Long Bows (steamed soup dumplings) and get some of the cold appetizers such as the spicy beef and tripe, or the seaweed, bamboo shoots and mushrooms. These refreshing cold dishes are the perfect pairing with these hot juicy dumplings. You and your friends and loved ones can watch these soup dumplings being made from scratch as you enter the restaurant. Towering stacks of bamboo steamers some empty waiting to be used, others filled and lined with cabbage leaves steaming XLB.  They have the best servers too who are very attentive and quick. It is a kid friendly and kid CAUTIOUS environment (they brought us the baby chair and situated her closer to the wall on the inside to minimize the risk of bringing hot food near the baby).Will be back for more, shortly!
Their soup dumplings, which I guess is what they're most famous for, are truly amazing.  I also had their Si Xian Kau Fu (fried wheat gluten, served cold) and that was fantastic too.  Never had that before anywhere; it was a friend who ordered it.  Quite a trek to get there of course, if you live in Manhattan or Brooklyn, but I would highly recommend it as a trip worth taking.
If you want to eat at Nan Xiang Dumpling House understand to take a train or expect to pay for parking in a lot. As there are no parking spots on the street. However the dumpling and scallion pancakes are quite exceptional. The scallion pancakes also come stuffed with BBQ Chinese pork. Delicious. The service is excellent. Not pushy but attentive. I would highly recommend it.
SOUP DUMPLINGS or as listed "Steamed pork buns"They have a limited menu but really, I only come here for soup dumplings. Other items that I've tried which were also tasty were the scallion pancakes and the chicken pan fried noodles. Soup dumplings + pan fried noodles are a great combo.However, I must say that Shanghai Cafe (Mott St. Chinatown) is still much better.
Overall NAN XIANG is still one of my favorite place to get my soup dumpling. Though at times their service is lousy and slow, it's due to the crowd. Typical of all popular Chinese restaurant and only care about good food.
Their no frills menu reminds me of the offerings of the infamous Taiwan restaurant that started it all, Ding Tai Fong, but the flavors are by far DTF -- however, in Flushing, it is the best.  The wait can look to be overwhelming but remember, chinese food is fast, so it's really not that bad.  I would advise to come after 8:30pm if possible, NO WAIT!Scallion pancake is really thick here, too much dough if you ask me.  I would definitely skip on this appetizer and just order the buns.  They serve the standard Chinese breakfast -- soybean milk, fried cruller, steamed buns, sticky rice buns, etc.   For those not in the know, this is to die for and a must try.
Great crab xiao long baos along w. the beef roll scallion pancakes.  This place is slowly growing on me!
Traditional Taiwanese food! Definitely get the soup dumplings-- the pork flavor and the pork and crab flavors were equally delicious. I would recommend getting the crispy noodles, but not the seafood flavor. The seafood crispy noodles is in a corn-starchy sauce that is much too gooey and weights down on the crunch of the noodle.I would also recommend getting the beef sandwich on a scallion pancake. You cannot go wrong!I was surprised at how tasty and light the vegetable noodle soup was.
One visit so far and the food was really good. Soup dumplings were crazy good as was the rice pancake. Price was very reasonable and the atmosphere was bright and lively.
The food here was really good :D I had the Beef Pancake and the Vegetable Dumplings~ They were really good! And the staff was friendly~ I would definitely go back :) The restaurant is a little tight but theres just enough room to walk and there's lots of tables for other customers :) I havent seen a line so I take that as a good sign because its packed but yet, no line! I think thats good service~
Probably the best Asian food I've had ever. If you are the only white person in the place, that usually means the food is authentic and delicious. Yes, that was the case again with this spot. Too bad we have to go the city for this and can't find anything in Long Island comparable.
I've read so many positive reviews about this place, and decided give it a try. Have ordered vegan dumplings and fried noodle. I love dumplings, and this is definitely not the best place to eat them, may be for meat eaters quality is better. Fried noodle drowned in oil and I have to search for vegetables on the bottom of my oily plate, so i just left it on the table. Service is quick, as almost in all chinese dumpling houses. Will i come back? Nope.
Best shao long bao ever. Very juicy and full of flavor.
Simple ambiance. The staff wasn't too friendly. One problem I had was that they did not serve water in any form, including tap water. This was a culture shock to me. (Perhaps I'm not so cultured). However, the soup dumplings were fantastic! Soft, salty, rich, and the broth was velvety. The scallion pancakes were only mediocre. They needed a bit more scallion and less grease. If you're a fan of traditional soup dumplings, give it a try, but bring a source of water!
Everything was good, portions were generous except the beef scallion pancake and the porkchop noodles i ordered. Scallion pancake were pretty oily, and had like 2-3 slices of beef inside the sesame pancake. Porkchop came on a separate plate next to noodles, didnt really match tastewise. The porkchop tasted sweet but were oily, not deep fried but had the color...im confused!
Don't understand why this restaurant got so high rating from most of the reviewers.Every time I visit Flushing, I noticed this restaurant is always crowded and full, so I decided to try yesterday when I was nearby.The food? not excellent, just average, most of the dishes we got are not hot, just warm. the waiter forgot one of our order, and he was was not happy when we decided to cancel it, The service? basically there is no service at all, The the waiter/waitress only setup your table and brought your orders to your desk, that's it, then you are by your own, you need to ask when you have other need, and you might not get it.Will I visit another time? definitely not.
I don't think there's any more to say than the other yelpers.You MUST get soup dumplings (recommended pork). The meat is always over flowing with soup and meat. If you don't think the meat has enough flavor, the soy sauce with ginger can help. Another favorite (and must for me) is scallion pancakes. I think any kind you get is good, but I always get with just the scallion. MMM... crunchy, fried goodness. And get any other dish, noodles, rice cake, or soup. They're all good. EVERYTHING IS GOOOOOD. lol.The downsides are cash only. (Sorry, credit card people, chinese people like cash) It will be crowded during weekends and regular meal times. Since they have expanded, the wait on the weekends are not bad at all. Waited 15 minutes for a table of 4 with people waiting at the door. Of course there will be people who are hungry and are not patient and will leave (aka getting you a table faster). (TIP: try to be in a group of 4 and not 5, because it will be harder to get a table of 5. Groups of 4 will go first, just saying)
This really hit the spot today. Walked for a long time to get there, had scallion pancakes, rice cakes with beef, and pan fried pork buns. Scallion pancakes and pork buns were really good, but the beef rice cakes were great. Good amount of kick, great flavor. Will be back to try the soup dumplings as well. Service was brisk but attentive.
There's really one reason why this place is Michelin recommended -- best crab/pork soup dumplings! We just recently returned from a trip to Taiwan and Hong Kong and haven't found anything close to this neighborhood favorite. The broth inside the soup is spot on. They do not skimp on the crab meat. The skin does not break when you pick it up. Always made to order and steaming fresh!Other yummy dishes we always get:- beef scallion pancakes- sweet tofu pudding- salty tofu pudding (they use radishes and dried shrimp with some sauce, like a congee in pudding form)- kau fu appetizerEverything else is just meh... we come for the soup dumplings.Prepare to wait, but it's totally worth it!
those garlic cucumbers are awesome, and the pork and crab dumpling are amazing
oh man! What can I say.  The food here is simply delicious!  The hand drawn noodles are defintely something to order!
Meh. I don't get the love people are spouting about this places XLB. Were they good? Yes, but ladies, gents my mind and my taste buds were NOT blown. I find the flavors to be pretty mild. Okay, so I have Din Tai Fung's crab XLB cemented in my brain as this deliciously oceany masterpiece swimming in my mouth that I just haven't found anything else that can compete. So in other words, get my ass to San Fran(?) or go back to HK and Shanghai to eat mind blowing XLB.But, yes these are a bit more delicious than Joe's. Their chive and egg pocket thing was okay, but I found again, mild (okay I like strong flavors.. so i'm just being hypercritical). I liked their shanghai stirfried udon noodle though. Simple, a bit oily but yummy. The pancake rolled with beef was another big hit (didn't taste it). They have this beef noodle soup, again simple flavors. Oh and their sweet soy bean drink is good. Their salty one I found a little odd.I'm still searching for decent XLB in the USA. Gotta keep looking.
We bring guests from all over the world here for their soup dumplings and other dishes.  Simply the BEST soup dumplings you've ever had!  We've been through their two major expansions and are thrilled that the quality did not go downhill.I was curious to see what the "complainers" had to say on Yelp -- so I scrolled all the way to the last page (page 24 out of 24), as the first 23 pages were all fantastic reviews (which I agree with!)It seems the #1 complaint is service and wait time for food arrival.  As for service, I've never had an issue (and I've been there when it's crazy-busy and super slow), so I don't know what the gripers are upset about -- maybe it's them?  As for food arrival, order your dumplings as you're seated -- they're all made fresh by hand for best quality!  Yes, it will take 15-20 minutes, in the meantime, get some of their appetizers, such as their "smoked tofu, edamame bean and snow cabbage" salad -- with a dash of hot sauce this stuff ROCKS and is pre-made so you get it straight away!As for the numerous mentions of Joe Shanghai being faster, be sure you include your one hour plus wait time OUTSIDE in the cold or rain on Pell Street for a far less superior product -- one that's made in bulk for the tour buses of stupid, sheepish Gwai Lo who have no appreciation for Asian cuisine.Nan Xiang Dumpling House rocks my world, and everyone we've ever taken requests to go back again and again!  It's worth the subway trip on the 7 train!Hint for better service:  Speak Mandarin or Cantonese, or at least make an effort.  It will be appreciated.  If you've seen them when they are busy, it's obvious they don't need the non-Asian community support to be successful.  You can always judge any ethnic cuisine restaurant by it's clientèle, if there aren't any ex-pats there, what's that say?
Terrible experience here, came to pick up a pan fried bun around 10 pm, waited almost twenty minutes so I went ask them for the status of my order, cashier came back told me I have to wait another ten minute because they are busy, but the place is not 5o% full. I will never be a patron for this kind of customer service.
Good but no where near the best. I'm beginning my Great American Dumpling search through New York and Nan Xiang was my first stop. The restaurant has an open and clean layout. It's much larger than it looks and has a glass plated area where you can watch the Aunties mix together the dumpling innards. That's unfortunately where the positives end. Based on the reviews (and many an article about the best dumplings in the area) I was sure this was set to be a momentous occasion. Unfortunately Nan Xiang didn't hold up to its hype. We started out with a scallion pancake with beef. I'd never had one of these with meat in it so I was already weary of what was to come. What came out was your typical (doughy) scallion pancake doubled up between a slab of meat and dolloped with a generous amount of hoisin sauce. This was my own bad for asking whether my partner in food crime whether we should get the plain or the beef one since I already know that for this dish the original is probably the best way to go. Lesson learned! I accidentally ordered the sweet soy bean milk (I meant to get the curd) but it served it's purpose nonetheless. Cold, sweet, soy...ey and the perfect price ($1).Next was the main event, what we'd all been waiting for, what reviews upon reviews stated was the best in the city, the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings). Now look, I went to school in Boston, not too far from the city's Chinatown and there sits the Bourdain-acclaimed Gourmet Dumpling House. To say I was spoiled on impeccable soup and fried dumplings would be an understatement. Because of this I'm always suspicious of other establishment's take on the dish (even in my own city, which hands down has better Chinese food than Boston). We shared the 6pc and went to town. The dumplings weren't terrible by any means but they also didn't live up to the Yelp hype as I wished they would have. Whereas in my experience the soup portion of the soup dumpling is supposed to be a clear, flavorful, porky broth, I found the broth in these to be a bit on the fatty side. I was also devastated when I found my dumplings falling apart upon picking them up. The were adequate nonetheless. Stalking other tables around us, we rounded out the meal with the cucumber with garlic, which gets all the awards for this visit. Fresh, simple and coated with garlic (I didn't plan on kissing anyone afterwards so all was good), these beauties were refreshing, tasty and gave me an idea of another way to prepare one of my favorite vegetables. I'd give Nan Xiang another chance (maybe it was an off day) but probably not before I discover what else the neighborhood holds for XLB. Check them out for yourself.
With a line going outside the door on a thursday night, this place has to be worth it to wait for a table in the heart of flushing... and it certainly was. From the emotionless -straight to business- waitresses and their quick and efficient service to the inexpensive and fulfilling dishes they serve, this place is a great hit and it doesn't hurt to have an A on their health rating and to be michelin rated. Must have dishes are the soup dumplings or xiao long bao which are tasty, full of soup inside, and fresh. Only gripe is they only come with 6 buns instead of the traditional 8 served in many other places which leaves a table of 4 with 2 people with the short end of the stick on seconds.The seafood rice cake has a great mix of filet white fish and shrimp mixed in their house seasoning that doesn't require you to put any more soy sauce for a bigger taste and their rice cakes are chewy and fulfilling.Their beef pan fried noodle is crunchy on the outside and smothered in gravy in the middle with your choice of beef, pork, or seafood (though i prefer the beef.) The highlight of the night was the beef pancake which has thin slices of beef wrapped in a fried piece of bread mixed with hoisin sauce, kinda reminded me of a peking duck wrap only with beef instead of duck. The bread was fresh, crunchy on the outside and hot and chewy on the inside.All in all...this place is great for a quick  inexpensive meal or a place where you can go to pig out and order all the shanghainese comfort food you want and feel like a king or queen for a day without having to pay an arm and a leg when the bill arrives. Always remember...put your name down and take a number as soon as you get there to limit the wait time!-happy eating!
This place has some days where the seasoning may be a little off, but when they get it right, this place is out of this world. Great options on the menu, soup dumplings are stunning, and the place just has a great energy.Absolutely recommend
How have I lived without soup dumplings my entire life? 28.99 years and nada....what!? Why!? To be truthful, I'd never even heard of them. (hangs head in shame) And then, our excursion to Flushing, Queens landed us at Nan Xiang. A small shop (but Michelin approved, as evidenced by at least 12 stickers in the window), but efficient and the wait moved quickly as we drooled over what we might order. Yelp-approved, too..I might add, verging on 400 reviews!? Must be worth a stop. What I learned: 1. Cold gluten paste sounds like it might be disgusting, but it's actually really quite great. An excellent precursor to the soup dumpling main event. 2. If you eat with Jando S (Queens CM), he'll teach you how to make an origami chopstick pedestal out of the discarded wrapper. My life is forever changed, and my chopsticks will be treated as royalty from this point forward. 3. Soup dumplings are basically a miniature bowl of soup wrapped up in a dumpling. GENIUS. To eat one, please see Peter D's review, or take it from me: BE CAREFUL. Handle with care! These babies are so thin that one wrong move and you've wasted a dumpling, never to be brought back. Don't pour one out for the homies, keep it for yourself. Gingerly scoop one soup dumpling onto your spoon (or have someone help you), nibble one hole out of the side, slurp the soup then consume the dumpling. Waste not, want not! 4. We tried both the seafood and the pork varieties. I was equally fans of both. 5. If you've not tried these, do. Very palatable for even the unadventurous eater...and filling, to boot. An inexpensive meal. A wonderful Friday lunch trying something new (to me). Go Flushing.
This is our go to spot for soup dumplings (xlbs).Over the years it has expanded from one store front to three, displacing the Happy Beef Noodle. The long lines have subsided, but I have the sense the kitchen may not be up to making the volumes of xlbs to feed all the customers in the enlarged space. The soup dumplings are the usual pork and pork with crab variations. We go for one of each.  They usually stay intact and don't break as you serve them. The shards of ginger were missing from our dipping sauce this  time.The scallion pancake stuffed with beef makes a good starter, crisp and tasty, it serves three. The cold appetizers are delicious. We went for spicy tofu and braised beef with tripe on the most recent visit, as our first choices, the chicken and braised fish were out of stock at about 5 p.m. An order of rice cakes with seafood completed our dinner for three, which ran $50 with tip. Credit cards are not accepted, so bring cash and enjoy.
Great customer service.  Always fresh dumplings.  Be careful because they are hot!  The veggie soup is a good choice too if you are trying to be healthy.   This place is within walking distance from Main Street near the 7 train.
Waitress here r bad shape. I lost my sunglasses there. And they steal it.  What a bad restaurant. Ethic is most important thing. If you get bad employee, will ruin ur business.
I wanted to save my first ever Yelp review for some place really special but I'm not doing anyone any favors by waiting for that picture perfect moment.There are a handful of places to get xiao long bao (or soup dumplings for those less asian-inclined) in Flushing, but Nan Xiang is, In my opinion, unequivocally the best and only place to indulge in the little pockets of meat and soup. All of their food is authentically Shanghainese and I have yet to be disappointed in a dish.Their service is what you would expect of any $ chinese restaurant, so don't be surprised if you have to repeat your order twice (maybe three times), or vigorously wave your arms to catch the attention of one of the lackluster waiters/waitressesHighlights:- Xiao long bao: both the regular and crab meat ones will cause your taste buds to explode, figuratively and physically (because they're hot). I wanted to take pictures but the last thing you want to do is let these bad boys get cold so...sorry for being selfish. Each order comes with 6, and I think 4 is enough to satisfy one person (if you're ordering other food as well) so bear that in mind.- Wonton with chili oil and peanut sauce and soy sauce: I just made that name up, but I think it's self-explanatory. This is my new favorite thing to eat - wontons are cooked al dente, if there's such a thing for wontons, and the sauce is on point.- Rice cakes with shredded pork: a family-favorite, strong wok flavor, ample sauce, just all-in-all a solid dish. - Kao fu: this is a sweet and savory, marinated tofu appetizer. My brother preaches that this is the best kao fu in America, and to be honest, I have not had better.I think it speaks for itself that even with multiple other restaurants making XLB, even with two expansions, even with a C health rating, there is still a line to get in here on the weekends.Tldr; go here if you're looking for relatively cheap, authentic Shanghainese food that has not yet succumbed to Americanization (lookin' at you Joe's Shanghai).
There's always a long line here. That's because they have the best soup dumplings! I can eat a whole order to myself! The Shanghai pan fried noodles are awesome and so are the rice cakes. For cold appetizers I like the garlic cucumbers. This place never disappoints. Just be prepared to wait at least 15 minutes especially on weekends, also if you are driving, it's not the best area for parking. If you're familiar with flushing you already know that. Service isn't the best but these aren't the type of places you come for service, these are the places that you come for good and cheap food. Also they don't take credit so make sure to bring cash.
Bottom Line - This place does not disappoint. If all you know is Din Tai Fung or Joe's Shanghai, then you need to redeem yourself and come here.Came on Saturday, 29 Oct 2011 with 3 friends and there wasn't a wait around 6pm, probably due to the slush on the ground, chilling wind and rain coming down.  We ordered the following:Sweet Soy Bean Milk ($1.00 x2) - It was nice and hot! Would order again.Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef ($3.95 x2) - This was SO TASTY! The beef was wrapped inside the scallion pancake, and some hoisin sauce was used on the inside. Turnip Puff ($3.50) - One order of this was good for us.  I didn't particularly like it because it was a bit greasy, but my friends loved it.Steamed Pork Buns/Shanghai Dumplings ($5.50) this was pretty tasty, but the crab pork was better tasting.Steamed Crab & Pork Buns (Shanghai Dumplings w/ Crab) ($6.50 x2) - This was so good. The juice inside was really nice. I'd order it again and again.Our bill came to $31.90 + 2.83 tax + 8.00 tip = $42.73 for the 4 of us... such a cheap meal!
amazing experience, worth the wait. Glad we dropped by
I used to rate this place 4, but now 3 due to recent experience.This is a great Shanghainese breakfast place which is served all day long.  Get ready to wait for a while and also prepare your thick face since their host or hostess will always give you an attitude and make you move around in the limited space they have while waiting.It is kind of cool that you can watch all these ladies making the xiao long baos and dumplings in the open kitchen.While you wait, scan their cold dish station and pick what you want.  The spicy tendon and drunked chicken I thought were quite decent to much on while you wait for your xiao long baos.Salty beancurd soup.  Yummo!  An acquired taste and completely unexpected since I typically eat it sweet, but once I tried it, I had to always get it (well, for $2 why not) everytime I am there.The xiao long baos are great as well though I have to say that it is not quite Joe Shanghai's.  Get the one with crab on top.Noodles - Shanghainese noodle is pretty standard and fills you up for sure.Beef Rolls - basically scallion pancakes with beef and hoisin sauce inside.  I love it!!Don't expect much on service.  Be happy when they don't give you the look when you ask for tea or water.
The specialty here is the soup dumplings or xiao lung bao. The service is quick and non-migraine-full!  This place is probably the best restaurant to order soup dumplings in Queens, possibly NYC! I would recommend their pork chop noodle soup and kao fu, which is braised wheat gluten with mushrooms. It is not really on the expensive side but neither is it cheap. In the end, it's all worth it. The only downside is the sanitation of the restaurant, it isn't 100% but it is made up for with the great food.
General consensus is right on the money here.  XLB are less fatty soup and still great compared to Joe's so it really just depends on what you want.If you get the scallion pancakes, I'd skip the version with beef.  If you want meat get another dish.The cold appetizers at Nan Xiang are the bomb, as are all the noodle dishes.  We tried the bean curd with peas and the seafood crispy noodles, both of which I recommend.  I just wish we'd gone with a larger group so we could try more, but it means I'll just have to go back.
Great spot to visit for soup dumplings. Beef scallion pancakes with hiosin! Bam!! Delicious. We also sampled the udon noodles, pork and crab soup dumplings, Mai shen.. the price was so reasonable and fed 3. There is tons of seating, but still expect to wait as this is a known spot for the locals. Service was lacking but I can't discredit as the place was great. Be back soon :)
After watching a vice video with Eddie Huang, I decided to stop by and take a look. The soup dumplings are subpar. They're tasty but they're not mind-blowing. Prices are pretty good if you're not trying to spend a lot. This place does have a lot of Taiwanese appetizers so that was pretty cute. It's as if someone took the treats and snacks from Taiwanese night markets and created a little sit down restaurant in New York. Brings back some good memories!
I have been in New York 5-6 years.  I go to Flushing weekly to satisfy my Chinese food cravings.   For 5 years I avoided this place because of the queue out front.  But yesterday i happened to be in Flushing at 4PM and figured there was no wait.  So finally got to try this place and boy should i have stopped by earlier.Let me just say that I have had a lot of xiao long baos in Taiwan, Shanghai, Hong Kong, New York, and the 25+ years i lived in Southern California.  I get Joe's Shanghai at least once a week just because it is close to my work in Manhattan.  Last night i ordered both the pork and crab xiao long baos and the pork one was the best i've had in the New York area.  If Mei Long Village in LA gets a 10/10 and Din Tai Fung gets a 9/10...i would say these are about a 7.5/10.  Joes Shanghai would be maybe a 6/10.Their crab soup dumpling on the other hand was very dissapointing.  My wife thought I didn't even order crab soup dumplings because you couldnt taste it.  They need to add more of the orange part of the crab to get the crab punch.  In addition to the soup dumplings I also got the scallion beef roll.  Although tasty, the scallion pancake was too thick.  I would've preferred a thinner pancake.  I will definetely be back to try their other  dishes.
This place beats joe's shanghai anytime ! I don't like to do comparison however, with this place, I would make a exception. This place is truly the real place for dumpling soup! Try both the crab and the pork, don't limit yourself down to one type! Trust me! You will thank me later! If you come here for lunch, they also have fresh made soy milk !!! You can ask them to add sugar in it if you want. They also make really good rice cake, I think I got the seafood one last time ! Tips: very easy to travel to, there's a parking lot right across the street. Next to the bus stop and the 7th train. The soup dumplings might get messy, so be careful when you eat them. Try everything, no point to wait till next time .
I liked the dumplings but I wouldn't say I loved it that much. Long lines and not the best service in town.  The workers and owners are Mainlanders looking to suck your money.
I've been here twice. And it never disappointed. It gets uber crowded here, there's always a line. Always get the crab & pork soup dumplings. Beef & scallion pancakes. And they got soy milk (sweet, salty, hot, cold, whatever you want). Better than Joe's Shanghai.
I come here often & normally order the cold dishes (see pic). The beef pancake is sooo good. Their soup dumplings are always a hit! Love this place.
Good soup dumplings, but not as good as I had hoped based on the Yelp reviews, and not as cheap as I would have expected from a place like this in Flushing.Waited about 20 minutes for a table for two.  It's a bit of a mad house, with people standing in and around areas where people are dining.  People waiting are talking loudly with each other in Chinese to drown out the above-average noise from the diners in the restaurant.  Old Chinese guy backed his thang up into my crotch area and made contact with his butt.  Sure, these things happen in crowded places, but was a bit uncomfortable when he just stayed there... and stayed there, until I moved away from him.  I'll gladly lose to him in a game of crotch chicken.Soup dumplings were good overall, but they were falling apart when we went to get the last ones from the wood crate things they serve it in.  So it wasn't a soup dumpling anymore - just a dumpling.  Was a bit disappointed with that.Ordered some other dishes, which I forgot.  I don't recall what they were, but they were fairly average - it seems this place is known for the soup dumplings and everything else is just accompaniments.
Had the beef and chili pepper noodle soup. It was very good and is enough to fill most any appetite. Could have had a little better beef to noodle ration but the spicy broth had a great flavor. The prices and service are exceptional. I will return!!!!
This place was awesome, as evidenced by the dozens of people waiting for a table. We got lucky and were seated right away. Ordered the xiao long bao, the fried dumplings, scallion pancake and pan-fried Shanghai noodles, and they were all delicious. More than enough food for two people!
One of the rare times I go down as far as flushing!  Got there around noon on black friday and there was a huge wait outside.  I believe we waited close to 40 minutes for our table.  Once inside, it was nice and toasty and we got quick and friendly service.  Ordered their xiaolong bao and was told we'd have to wait another 40 minutes before those were ready.. omggg lol.  sooo hungry at this point so we ordered a bunch of other things to off set our hunger.  The best thing on the menu is definitely their green onion pancake with beef.  Not your typical beef roll.  This was marinated beef inbetween two mochi consistency onion pancakes. SO GOOD.  everyone should make it this way.  The xiaolong bao was nice and hot because it was made fresh with plenty of delicious soup, but the wrapper is a little thick for my liking.  Overall, A great place!
Came in Friday night, finding parking was like a game of musical chairs, this place was packed, but got seated pretty fast thankfully. To start we ordered, a cold dish, the cucumber cilantro and garlic salad, it was really good. Then had the scallion pancake with beef, it was ok, couldn't finish it cause it was very greasy. Then we ordered what we actually came for, the pork soup dumplings, they were good, but honestly I prefer the ones at Joes Shanghai because they are more flavorful and seem fresher, when you bite into them you actually feel the savory delicious broth, the ones at this place aren't as good.
Their Steamed Pork buns are the best, and I also love their Shanghai U Don. It's a great choice to make if you come for the first time. But service is a bit slow on a busy Sunday.
The night before I was thinking of having soup dumpling. I've been here a number of time and they are consistantly 4-5 stars. NOTE: Their Soup Dumplings are FRESHLY made as you order.  This place is your tipical very casual place. If you get here by 8:45 AM you can park across the street in the municipal parking lot. By 9:00 AM it's pretty hard to park.  Also the restaurant was already 3/4 full in both rooms at 8:45 AM.  Anyway, we ordered two soup dumpling (xiao long bao) which came out piping hot and the soup was nice and warm.  The meat was nicely flavored and semi firm. It came 6 per order/ $6.25. Next we had their scallion pancake ($3.50)  which also came out freshly made, nice and very warm.  It was good but needed a little more seasoning but still delicious.  We also ordered their Shanghai Pan Fried Udon ($6.95) which was good but the order was small (enough for 1 person).  If you're looking for the best Shanghai Pan Fried Noodle go to Joe's Shanghai Rest..  Our brunch for two was $25 plus tip. Super, Super, Super!
Excellent soupy buns. Noodles are delicious.  Appetizers are tasty. Enough said,  go and enjoy.
The Shanghainese food here is pretty good. I wouldn't say it's four or five stars great, but I consider it a staple go-to place for Shanghainese food. The food was served quickly and the service is fair, as you would expect from a legit Chinese restaurant. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) is good and would at least, meet your expectations. We also had some of their other stir-fry dishes and definitely did not disappoint like some places in Chinatown. I'd pick this place over the other shanghai eateries in the area.
Delicious restaurant with great dumplings but a downside. We gave them over 15 percent tip and they asked us for more.
I love the soup dumplings here better than Joes..  The soup within the dumpling is a bit more sweeter from a vegetable broth while Joes is a bit more salty and fattier.  the dumpling sauce wasn't as vinegary here as well...I gave a 3 star for that i couldn't order anything from the grill because some guy ordered 20 orders for takeout at the grill and they couldn't manage it.Also.. there were crab shells in the Crab & Pork soup dumplings.... Me and my gf had several of those. She also pointed out that i had some winged insect creature caked onto one of my dumpling... glad she saw it before i ate it... (it was so good.. that i just pinched it off and ate the rest of the dumpling)...
Came here after the US open because heard lots of rave about it. Thought it was just above average.  Nothing that amazing that I would take a two hours train ride to go to queens, flushing to eat.  If in the area, definitely come by here to eat.  But if not. Tons of Shanghai dumplings places in Chinatown in manhattan that are as yummy!
Great Soup Dumplings and way less greasy than Joe's Shanghai. Things to try: Regular Pork Soup Dumplings, Beef Scallion Pancake and Shanghai Noodles. Quick precaution, it will be extremely crowded on weekends and Friday nights but it's worth the wait!
The food is great, but if you want ambiance, go to the newer spot next to Starbucks called Bang. Same owner, same food, slightly higher prices though. This location is in a semi underground shopping bazaar. The place smells of at least six different shops all at once. The food is amazing, and looking at the wall... Many to chefs and critics have visited and posted reviews as well. You must try it!
The soup dumplings at Nan Xiang are one of the best I've had. They are definitely better than Joe Shanghai (Joe Shanghai is all hype IMO). I love the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang because they don't have that nauseating pork smell that most soup dumpling restaurants can't seem to get rid of and that is a BIG BIG PLUS to me. I also always order the rice cake with beef but the scallion pancakes are so-so- theyre too doughy for me. Try an iced sweet soy milk before you leave! FYI- parking here is a nightmare and the service is honestly not great but I can't find any other place that makes soup dumplings like Nan Xiang.
Best soup dumpling in NYC, hands down. Joe's Shanghai and other places simply do not measure up. This place has gotten so popular that they have expanded to acquire both the stores to their right and left. Despite growing, they have kept up the quality of the  soup dumplings.Soup dumplings- there are two fillings available: pork only and pork+crab meat. Get the pork + crab meat. It is heavenly. The broth is a porky, but has a more savory flavor without being fishy. The soup is piping hot, yellow in color from the crab. The skin does not stick to the napa used in the bamboo steamer unless it gets too cold. They give you a ginger and brown vinegar sauce, which is good with the meat and skin, but can overpower the soup.  The cold dishes- the cold dishes they have out under that cafeteria-styled server are awesome. They are all good. They will put two on the same plate, so you can try more variety. Even my non-asian friends love the tripe and tendon. The gluten dish is also a favorite. Others- the soy milk (I like the sweet cold one), noodle soups and dishes are good. But when I go, I want a ton of the cold dishes and the pork-crab soup dumplings and a cold soy milk. It is worth the trek out to Flushing. Also, cash only and expect a wait with large groups. It's a Chinese restaurant and the food is cheap, so don't expect the world's best services.
I came here for a family reunion during a cold winter day. The place was pack as it has quite a reputation so no surprise there. We have to wait for a little bit to get seated. The atmosphere is what you would expect from a typical chinese restaurant, which can be sum up as crowed and loud. We sat down and i had a look at the menu which was rather small compared to other Shanghai restaurants. We order quite a lot including their infamous soup dumplings. Funny thing is usually the soup dumplings came first however it was the last to arrive although the table who sat down after us like 3 tables away got theirs first which was weird. I tasted the beef rolls and they were good. The consistency, texture, and sweet hoisin sauce left my taste bud wanting more. The soup dumplings was alright, I felt they did not live up to my expectations. Well then again, my expectations were much higher than usual due to the over hype surrounding this place. The soup dumplings were big and had a good meat to soup ratio which I give them credit for as usually other places would just have a lot of soup in there and like a small amount of meat which ruins the actual taste.In conclusion, the soup dumplings are nothing over the top but they are delicious and Nan Xiang does it well. The waiter and waitress need to be more attentive as we had no tea or water for our hour and a half there which is ridiculous.Recommendation:Beef RollPork Soup DumplingsPork and Crab Soup Dumplings
I came here on a whim and I'm upset that I trusted the Yelp Reviews.  The Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) had barely any meat inside, and had a thick skin.  I also ordered the Shang Hai Shu Mai.  I thought it was going to be filled with meat but it was full of sticky rice!!  I'm disappointed and felt as if I should have ordered the soup bowls instead!  Sticking to Joe's for the soup dumplings forever and ever.  I would give the soup bowls a try though.  They looked good from afar.
I absolutely love the Xiao Long Bao here, purely because its tasteful, full of soup and the chefs that make it here make it with heart.I also appreciate that Nan Xiang has more than just xiao long bao. Their cold appetizers are the bomb, especially the vegetarian chicken and tripes as well has their scallion pancakes and pancke with beef.This is a new tourist attraction, so prepare for long lines.
I'm yet to visit Nanxiang Dumpling House and not see it packed. It has a very small menu composed of mainly Shanghainese Dian xing ( mainland version of Dim Sum). Besides the signature soup dumplings, everything else also impresses with authenticity. While not fit for a big and formal dinner given its menu size, its more than adequate for friends and family to enjoy a fulfilling weekend morning brunch. Joe's Shanghai has got nothing on this place.
I came here with my bf on a Saturday afternoon. We waited about 15 minutes for a table. When we got a table, we ordered the Sweet Soy Bean Milk, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, Turnip Puff and Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Buns.The Sweet Soy Bean Milk came in a big bowl. It wasn't sweet enough for me, so I had to add extra sugar to it. The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef tasted like peking duck but with a scallion pancake on the outside instead of a soft bun. It was really good and crispy. The Turnip Puff was quite interesting, the outside had sesame seeds, and the inside was vegetables. The Steamed Crab Meat & Pork buns were bigger than most places that I been too. I thought the dumplings had a lot of favor. The dumplings are very popular, so you might have to wait a while for them.  I can't wait to go back and have more dumplings.
Even after they extended the restaurant to three rooms, this place is always crowded. I went this weekend at 2PM and there was still a line. Luckily, speaking Mandarin and smiling at the waitress gave me a bit of an advantage (especially the puppy dog eyes). I definitely suggest coming here with no more than 2 or 4 people, or else you'll be waiting for quite a long time for the tables to conveniently free up next to each other.Something to note: This guy next to me came in and immediately ordered 3 orders of the soup dumplings without looking at the menu. 20 minutes later, he ate all of them by himself.  This moral of the story is that you know you really want to be that guy. He must have been so full and happy.  Other notable thing: The other things on their menu are actually quite good. The noodles are thin and doughy, and I don't think they use too much oil.Based on all the rave reviews, you should probably go to Flushing and try it at least once. I think it's better than Joe's Shanghai and Shanghai Cafe. It's a long trek away from Manhattan, but I've always loved Flushing for their authentic Chinese food. If you're not in the mood for dumplings, there are 30 other amazing restaurants all within a few blocks of each other.  Happy eating!
The food is all very delicious. However the wait to get seated is unbelievably long, especially since my party of 3 had to sit at a table for 2. Service isn't too great as well. 4 stars are for the food only.
A great restaurant with the best soup dumplings in Queens. RIce Cake with Shredded Chicken was my favorite when I first entered this restaurant.I love those soup dumplings where it has that feeling when the saliva is running inside your mouth.
Once upon a time, I loved soup dumplings.  Then I had them in Shanghai and simply swooned over the perfectly prepared skin, tender and fresh meat filling, and flavorful soup.  Then I returned to NYC and incidentally had them at Joe's Shanghai and was so disappointed I could not finish it.  At a few other venues since, I was equally dissatisfied.A friend noted in passing that this place is always packed and known for their soup dumplings.  I hoped all these people must be onto something.  Being in the area at 5 PM on a weekday last week, with the place virtually empty, I jumped at the opportunity to try it out.  My expectations weren't especially high, all told.We ordered only the crab pork soup dumplings and the fried chive-egg pastry.   The dumplings are worth the hype.  They are not as good as what I had in Shanghai, but they are really the best I've had in NYC.  Wrapping, meat, and soup were all very high-quality and well-prepared.  Thoroughly enjoyed them.  Chive-egg pastry was also a fairly good rendition, with thin, flaky pastry.Its a tiny place so its no wonder they're packed during peak dining hours.  Clean, comfortable, and average service.  Small menu, much of it seems better for sharing than for a single person.  Would definitely return for the dumplings and try some other things.
Food was great. Service needs help. I needed a fork a napkin. I got it as I was ready to leave.
Came back and ordered 4 orders of the pork xlbs and they were delicious! It made up for the last time we came for dinner and the food wasn't up to par. We came on a weekday around 4PM and although the place was full, we didn't have to wait for a table.I have recommended this place to many and will continue to come back!
My husband and I have basically made this place a second home.  The soup dumplings are simply amazing!  We prefer the pork dumplings to the crab & pork dumplings, but both are fantastic!  A word of caution to any first-timers: The soup inside of these dumplings  is very hot!  The way I eat them is to place the dumpling onto my soup spoon, then pierce or carefully bite the top of the dumpling to allow some of the steam to escape.  Then, you can add some of the ginger soy sauce provided for an extra element of flavor.  Make sure you don't just pop the dumpling into your mouth whole otherwise you will scorch yourself!I also enjoy the crispy dough, the salt soy bean milk, the dumplings in peanut sauce, the spicy beef tripe salad and the crispy noodles.  The staff are friendly and they always remember us and know what we want.  The restaurant has recently expanded, so they have three adjacent seating areas and can accommodate large parties.  They are also open early and close late, so you can go whenever you have a craving for soup dumplings.  Most important to me, as my friends know, is hygiene.  Their food is clean and I have always left there feeling great (and I am very, very prone to getting sick after a bad meal).  They consistently get "A" ratings, which is so refreshing.It is a shame that they are cash only, but if you walk over a couple of blocks to Main Street, there are maybe 3 banks within close proximity.  I highly recommend this place for their wonderful dumplings - one of my all-time favorite restaurants!
After being a loyal customer of Nan Shian's since before both of their expansions, I am finally ready to sit down and write them a review.  That being said I guess I have some explaining to do with my 3 star rating.I love Nan Shian's food- the quality and the price really make it worth it. Where they lack for me is their service.  Nan Shian's service is a hit or miss.  More-so a miss which happens to be most of the time (lately) for my buddies and I.  One occurrence being this past Monday, as we watch those who came in after us receive their xiao long bao before us and even saw them LEAVE before we got our soup dumplings.  But I think the moment that really defied there service was the time my friend &I  had received the wrong dumplings. (we love the pork&crab combo and we got just crab) We spoke with the manager and he told us there was nothing they could do about it, that they were already made and asked if we wanted to put in another order- that's not okay. (and neither was the tip we left or lack-of)  I use to gluttonize 2-3 times a month in this place. Instead, I now come every once in a few month because I won't allow myself to indulge in BAD service.  So when they are ready to tidy up their tardy and start setting consistant bars of excellence.. I will think about giving them more stars.  though, there's no denying that their food ingeneral and their soup dumplings are one of thee best.. my choice over Joe's, which is why I leave 3 stars.
Great value for the price.  I ordered the steamed pork buns (aka the pork soup dumplings) which were amazing.  Filled with a fatty, well seasoned beef broth, this dumpling is packed with flavor.  the broth contrasts the light airyness of the dumpling.  Careful not to eat right away, they come out steaming hot.  The scallion pancake with beef was great.  Perfectly crispy, light dough wrapped around delicious beef.  I only wish I had more of that beef and sauce on the inside.  The pan fried dumplings were crisp, thin dough, and filled with more delicious juice.  The reoccuring them of these restaurant seems to be delicious juiciness.  I loved the ambiance and restaurant itself, though it was lacking any formal design.  Can't wait to go back!
This place serves some really good dim sum. It reminded me of a place in LA that I really like: Din Tai Fung. I ordered the steamed pork buns, which came out piping hot. I don't know how to make the buns look so cute with the pinched ridges - I just want to eat them up!I didn't feel rushed and the staff were attentive and friendly. I finally got to try a piece of Flushing's cuisine. I'll be back for more.
As someone who grew up in nanxiang, I can testify that the soupy dumplings here are as close to what I remember eating in my childhood as one can find in US.  Others like Joe's Shanghai or Dingtaifeng are just imitators.
Foods were okay, but the service was terrible as hell. The waitress gave me the face when I asked for spoon which she didn't give me at the first time. It's not worth to bear her attitude for this meal.
The XLB here are amazing. The skin is not as thin as the one from Joe Shanghai and the meat inside taste much cleaner because it taste as though they put less msg and it is less oily. And this place knows that they are good. They charge more than most Chinatown places. For 6 XLB they charge $5.50, not a bad deal but most places sell 8 for about $5.I also had the chilli oil noodle with beef. It was very greasy but good and they had peppers in there. $6.95.The rice cake with pork taste great here. They have pork, mushrooms, scallions, preserved vegetables in here and the rice cake are cooked al dente. $6.95.I love this place so far. The service is quick. I came here on a weekday night around 8pm and there were a good amount of people. I recommend this place. I have not decide if I like this place more than Joe since I only been here once. But will update after I try this place out a few more times before I let you know. BTW the menu here is very limited and they do not have Shanghai fried rice on the menu : (And they are CASH ONLY.
I went on a weekday around 2pm and they had nothing but soup dumplings and cold dishes...huh..?
As a part of our afternoon-evening tasting tour of NYC's better Chinese places, I was excited to try this spot in order to compare with Joe's Shanghai.To make a long story short- they're basically a tie.  Why a tie? (Oftentimes I tend to rhyme)When it came to XLB skin texture, Joe's executed perfectly- we had more than a few of our XLBs pop at Nan Xiang- and it WASN'T due to "noob"ish chopstick behavior. It could have been because Nan Xiang stacked our two orders of XLB together, which may have caused the bottom order to accumulate extra moisture, in turn making the skin a bit weaker and prone to puncture. When it came to the flavor of the crab-XLB, I'll give Nan Xiang the upper hand. That crab flavor was really really strong, almost overpowering, but in a good way.  So yes, that's it.  They're both solid spots for XLB.  That's just the truth.
I wanted to force my friends to try authentic Chinese food, so I brought them here for my birthday. Almost all of them ordered noodles, perhaps because they didn't know how AMAZING the soup dumplings are. When they tried them, they regretted not ordering them. I usually get the pork ones and love them. The food is cheap and filling, so I always leave satisfied, The service is not bad. I recommend this for anyone who loves Chinese food or would like to try authentic Chinese food!
Not worth the hype, Kung fu on Main St. (close to 495)  is just as good, if not better. Easier parking, better manner waiters, cleaner as well.
Came here with a friend one evening as it was listed and suggested to be one of the best soup dumplings spots in Queens and across NYC. The place was busy but being a party of 2, we got seated quickly. Their staff gave us a tea pot, something most places don't do unless you ask. We ordered the soup dumplings and some noodles.  The soup dumplings weren't as great as we thought they would be. The skin was weak and would break when we tried to lift it - soup spilling out. The noodles were good, no complaints.Overall, worth trying but not my favorite for soup dumplings. Not impressed.
We had heard that there was a Michelin approved restaurant in this neck of the woods... and a dumpling house at that. We left the hotel in the middle of the night checking our map and making sure everything was right. We guessed at to which way was which and were greeted with the red veneer but only several hops, skips and jumps away. And there was no line at the door... nothing but tables and chairs to host us for the meal to come. Ok, enough of the feebly attempted xmas jingle... we ordered almost a bit of everything. We ordered several dumplings, a plate of folded pancakes and a bowl of pseudo spicy noodle soup. Everything was solid food.. though the ambiance and the service is somewhat lacking that of what you would expect for a Michelin anything... but I'd still come back again!;D
LOVE this spot! I am so grateful they expanded so much, because in the past, there was always a long wait to get in - but now you can easily be seated just about any time of day. The dumplings are freshly made and the noodles have a nice chewiness to it. I am thrilled with their vegetarian noodle soup - which has the most flavorful veg soup I've ever had, and the veg dumplings are also very well executed. This place gets that 5th star for doing vegetarians right and keeping the omnivores happy.
The Nan Xiang dumplings definitely can compete with Joe's dumplings.  It is juicy and tender in one bite.  It is so cheap too, half the price of Joe's.  The wait, depending on group size, but for three people, less then 15 minutes.  Our bill came out to be less than 50 dollars for 4 trays of dumplings and three appetizers.  Overall, Nan Xiang is definitely cheap eats.
Probably one of the best xiao long baos around the neighborhood. Their portions are a bit smaller than their competitors at joe Shanghai. Their rice cake dishes are also very good. Service is fast here, as it is in most places in flushing.
Food is very yummy and proportions are very generous. Came here for lunch, had a soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and pork chop soup noodle. The soup noodle in particular came out in a really huge bowl. Their menu selection is limited but I like this place and will definitely be back. I would avoid Friday and Saturday because I see lines out the door during those hours. The food is good but I don't think it's so good that I stand in line for 45 minutes! Just saying.
Even with a crowd it was a short wait. Alice was the nicest server we've had. Dumplings are still the best as is the scallion pancake with beef. They made us spicy wontons without peanuts. Very accommodating. $42 dinner for 4 with 2 beers. Cannot be beat!!
Just have the soup dumplings. They are amazing!  I don't even care about the rest of their menu. Kinda busy. Hole in the wall. They don't speak English. Will seat you right next to another couple. But just eat their soup dumplings.
Was the 1hr30 trip from Brooklyn to Flushing worth it? Yep.I came here with my friend, excited as ever, to have the soup dumplings. At 7pm-ish on a Sunday night, we were seated right away. We immediately ordered the following:Pickled cucumbers - refreshing and tangy. Great side dish.Spicy Beef & Tripe (cold dish appetizer) - delicious! The tripe was chewy, the beef tender, the spicy level just perfect. It was almost sweet. Yum.Pork & Crab Meat Dumplings (6 pieces) - the star of the show. The dough was firm enough that it didn't break apart as you gently maneuvered the dumpling from basket to spoon with the tongs. The soupy goodness in them was enjoyable on its own, even before taking a bite of the meat. The vinegar helped bring the flavors out more.Pan Fried Pork Dumpling (6 pieces) - although tasty, it wasn't spectacular. Skip it and stick to the soup dumplings!Service is slightly non-existant but hey, as long as you bring me my dishes, I am happy.I will be returning here...often.
Soup dumplings is good compared to the ones I've had in Manhattan. The scallion pancake with beef was a little too sweet for me. Their soy bean milk is really fresh. Noodles are good but not very much meat with it. I will go back and try other stuff on the menu and see how they are.
chicago is great for many many things when it comes to food. maybe i just don't know or tried any better... but awesome soup dumplings are hard to come around. nan xiang soup dumplings are pretty darn tasty! i have only tried soup dumplings in the east coast are from joe's shanghai and here so i suppose my experience is limited to these two places. the dumpling shell here is a bit thicker than the one at joe's but i actually like it that way. it adds a little more texture to the dumpling and goes well with the soy vinegar. the must haves here are:-dumplings (duh)-shanghai panfried udon-scallion pankcake-spicy tendon-spicy tripe/beefmy sister in law always gets the soy milk and says it's the best around! i love coming here when i visit and can't wait to come back with my family.
First time in Flushing and as an ABT (American Born Taiwanese), I was in heaven. The selection of authentic Asian food in this area is to die for, but then again, this is news to no one but me.My sister is a huge fan of xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Actually, it is my firm belief that she is a huge fan of black vinegar and the dumplings are just an afterthought. We arrived at an odd time in they day (around 1PM) and we were seated right away. However, right after we were seated, a line formed at the door. Devil's luck, I guess. Anyways, the place is pretty small, it would probably sit 20-30 people at most. As it was, my sister and I were practically seated at the same table as two other couples. We had to literally stand up and move the table for them to get out. If I was more high maintenance, I would mind, but let's be honest, I'm just there to stuff my face.When we were seated, the first thing they brought to the table was a small dish of vinegar and ginger. Not a menu. Vinegar and ginger. That's when you know you're at the right place, when they automatically assume you are ordering soup dumplings. We shared an order of pork soup dumplings and an order of shui jian bao. They're kind of like...big fried pork buns. I was overexcited when I reached for my first soup dumpling, tore it with the tongs and the soup escaped into the underlying napa leaf. NO WORRIES. DEVOUR NAPA LEAF TOO. However, I must say that I was not terribly impressed with the soup dumplings. The shui jian bao on the other hand was amazing. The bun itself was "Q", a Taiwanese term that describes the chewy consistency of boba, and just the right amount of crispiness on the edges  A little on the oily side, but doesn't that just mean it was cooked with extra love?Rating breakdown:2./2 for Taste - Came here for the soup dumplings, not terribly impressed, but the shui jian bao compensated for my disappointment. 0.5/1 for Value - As an Asian person, paying ~$1 per soup dumpling is akin to asking me to sacrifice my first born...which now that I think about it, sounds actually a lot easier. For that price, I better be blown away.0.5/ 1 for Customer Service - Being a busy restaurant, the waiters were understandably rushed, which in Asian restaurants means curt but speedy. We definitely got the curt, but not so much the speedy. The table next to us waited for a dish for twenty minutes. When they asked the manager, he just replied "It's coming" in Chinese. Eventually, they just asked to pay for what they had received and stormed out. No offers to comp their meal, no attempt to placate the angry customers. But then again, what am I saying, this is an Chinese restaurant.No bonus star. The food was good, the value was all right, but I don't see myself coming all the way out to Flushing just to try this again. If in the area, I would probably choose to hit up White Bear instead. Mm, spicy wontons in the house!
A generally solid place for Xiao Long Bao, they're really good and the broth inside isn't too fatty. Crullers and sweet soy milk are always good too, as are the Shanghai Pan Fried noodles. Lost a star because they lack variety as to what they offer, but overall I've had no complaints about this place.
Yes I'm a sucker for soup dumplings!  My friend took me here as it's one of her favorite places and it didn't disappoint. Of course I burned my mouth on the first one as I'm never patient enough to let the steam out. We had a great meal for a great price and even snagged a parking spot (meter parking) out front. I'll definitely be back!!!
Best dumplings I have ever had. Amazing to have on a cold day. Place can get pretty busy though but atleast you know the food is fresh!
Most authentic soup dumplings I've ever had in North America! I grew up in Shanghai eating soup dumplings all the time. This place had dumplings with so much soup that it surprised me! My boyfriend and I decided to try this place during our temporary stay in NYC and I'm so glad I discovered this gem. The only problem I had with it was its lack of space. Our table was an inch away from the next and there was no sense of privacy. At least the food was good!
Wow!!!!  What can I say. This place is amazing!  Went here tonight with my wife, 4 children, and uncles.  Everything was delicious. We left very full and satisfied.  Aside from the yummy flavors the food temp was perfect! The best soup dumplings everrrrr. Crispy noodles yum! Beef noodle soup!!
authentic cheap open late awesome possum
This place is amazing! Every time someone visits me from out of town, I take them here. The soup dumplings are fantastic and I love their fresh soy milk (sweetened). I've been lucky enough to come at times where there isn't a wait, but I've heard that the wait can get really long. The soup dumplings do take a while time to come out, so be sure to order something else to hold you over.
I love this place!My bf & I always crave the soup dumplings(both regular & crab flavored) once in awhile. I love to take a little bite piece off the edge of the dumpling and drink all the soup before I eat the actual meat & bun! Oh and putting the vinegar sauce jst give dumplings more flavors!!! And the service improved a lot! I used to get upset over the bad service/neglection, but they surely put some effort into it. we used to come in for breakfast, too. Try the salty soy soup. I'm definitely going to try every single dish on the menu. So far I've only conquered 15% of their dishes hahaha
Nan Xiang is delicious and the price is reasonable. Sometime u have to wait a while to be seated but it is definitely worth it! I love almost everything they have from soy bean drink to their famous xiao long bao. But u have to wait about 15 minutes for their xiao long bao because it is made on the spot. Totally worth the wait!
There is always a wait, but it's quick and you're seated and eating before hunger sets in. It's so much tastier than Joe's Shanghai which I haven't been to in many, many years. I always get the xiao long bao, scallion pancakes, and rice cakes. Their noodles and cold appetizers are really good. Can't really go wrong with anything you order.
i made a promise to myself a long time ago that I wouldn't live with the "I wish I did that" in the back of my head. I spent enough time in my life feeling that way, so that's done with. So I went to Asia and traveled to all the places I always wanted to go to. And outside of Seoul, my favorite place I visited was Taiwan, because the weather was perfect (I went in March), the people were friendly and unpretentious, and...the food was DOPE.Okay, so if you love tawianese food like I do, this place is a MUST.soup dumplings, best in the 5 buroughs. It's doesn't touch din tai fung, but unless you want to pay for a $1000+ plane ticket to taipei, beggers can't be choosers. salty doughnut with warm soy milk, can't really distinguish between here and taipei night market. beef scallion pancake, damn that's good. beef noodle soup, i personally like the thick chunks of tender beef, thicker noodles, and pickled greens and cilantro - basically their interpretation is the antithesis of all of that - but hey, i still love it :)We are blessed to live in NYC because every neighborhood has the potential to transport you to another world - meet new people, experience new cultures, and yeah....eat f*cking amazing food with stories to tell. So if you miss taiwanese food or want to see what the fuss is all about, I say get your ass on the 7 train and hit up nan xiang.
Pork and crabmeat dumplings are great.  All the fun sides are tasty and adventurous
This is the best place for dumplings.  Be prepared to wait for a table no matter what time you go.  Their specialty is soup dumplings which you should order as soon as you sit down as those are made fresh and takes time to steam.  Theres a full staff that makes fresh dumplings nonstop during the day.  Their fried dumplings, steamed buns and scallion pancakes are delicious also.  There's a selection of cold appetizers if you want to be adventurous.  I like the wine chicken and the fish.  Their pork chop noodle soup is a favorite of ours. Come hungry and enjoy the wide selection on the menu.
I wasn't hungry when I arrived there. It wasn't busy yet so we were seated promptly. I shared the beef scallion pancake.  It was deep fried so it felt heavy. They didn't evenly spread the Hoisan sauce. It was overpowering. The pan fried udon noodles tasted good. It was oily though. And the minced beef was so thin and tiny you would have thought it didn't come with beef. Finally the crab and pork soup dumplings: it was okay! Not bad but not great. It tasted more like fast food. Cash only and beware of long wait during peak time.
Best soup dumplings in NYC. Knocking down two stars because that's all I like at Nan Xiang, everything else is mediocre imo. Our waiter forgot to give our order to the kitchen so we waited 30+ minutes for our food -_-. I don't recommend ordering the scallion pancakes/scallion pancakes with beef... its just a huge deep fried piece of dough with hardly any scallions and 1 slice of beef. Boo.
The necessities:Pork soup dumplings - well because that's what they're known for!Scallion pancake with beef - great crunchy texture combination with the soft soup dumplingsCucumber & garlic - acts as a cooling agent and cuts through all the oil and fattinessCheap, delicious, authentic and filling! It doesn't get any better.
Excellent dumplings, soup dumplings, noodles, scallion pancakes..even the cucumbers were great.  Hot tea is served throughout the whole meal so make sure you order a soda or something.  Service is very fast paced,  sit, eat, get out.  Place is packed so expect to wait for a table.  Other than that, I'll be back here again.
I've been here a couple of times but my review will be about the last visit not too long ago and was truly disappointed with their service.Came here with the family after having some time to enjoy a quick meal with some good Shanghainese food.  It was a rainy day but luckily we were able to get a seat rather quickly since this place is always packed to the bone!Ordered some soup dumplings (which the waittress said it would be a 25 min wait due to the backorders they have to fulfill), scallion pancakes with sliced beef, spicy wontons and a shanghai seafood noodle dish.  The best dish was probably, yep you guessed it, the shanghai seafood noodle dish.  Were you expecting it to be the soup dumplings?  I couldn't tell you because we waited almost 50 mins and they still never came.  After asking the waiter many times for an update, he just said "Ok" as if he was concerned but instead he didn't want to deal with us bc others at different tables didn't get their orders as well.  We ended up telling them to cancel our order since we had to go.Disappointing when you come here for the primary reason to eat soup dumplings, yet you have to wait forever to get it?  Trust me, from the few times I've ate in the past, it's really NOT worth the wait.
Nan Xiang refers to a small sub-district in Shanghai known for its mantou and in more recent years, its xiao long bao. In China, visitors to the area will most definitely pick up some 'nan xiang xiao long' to mark their visit, akin to cheese steak in philly.Nan Xiang Dumpling House by name alone catches everyone's attention. Can it be? Is the authentic Nan Xiang xiao long here in our very soil? All hail immigration, bitches! If you hate long reviews - I'd say you should stop reading and give them a try. If you want to hear more rants about xiao long bao, here's my take below:Compared to Joe's Shanghai, Nan Xiang's xiao long bao is less salty, less fatty, and less soupy. It is closer to the "real" nan xiang xiao long but in no way does that mean its better. The skin is slightly thinner, which is a testament to their skill. But unfortunately they also break apart more often (proof of their inexperience?). They also offer crabmeat option here. Joe's Shanghai is more daring with their XLB. It's extremely soupy and delivers a more savory taste that's more popular with the Western audiences. Nan Xiang is slightly more tame and delivers a blander taste more welcomed by Chinese eaters (Chinese people who eat, not demons who eat Chinese people.) I do admit that Joe's Shanghai goes overboard with the oil and fat in their other dishes too. So if I am craving rice cakes, Nan Xiang will be my go-to. For XLB alone, I'll recommend Joe's Shanghai over Nan Xiang because they go big on taste and is overall more unique.But for Shanghainese cuisine in general, Nan Xiang comes out on top.
Packed as hell most of the time, so try to come here on a weekday, or when the weather is shit. Their xiao long bao is pretty good, it has a thicker skin (which is my favorite part of this food, to be honest) and a pretty big chunk of pork inside). However, my favorite dish at this restaurant is the Shanghai rice cakes. Oh my god....I've never had such "Q" and chewy stir fried rice cake in my life, even compared to the Mecca of Shanghainese food--Din Tai Fung. The rice cakes are smaller, but packed with 2x more flavor. Their soy milk is also great! My dinner companions and I all ordered sweet soy milk, which came in giant bowls. Our table became pretty packed. The soy milk WILL fill you up more than the food, I think this is how they get you. The quantity is not very big for the price you pay, but you fill up fast from drinking that giant bowl of soy milk!
I recently went here, the food was incredible and the service was wonderful as well. They didn't hover around you or make those fake conversations. We ordered a lot of food and the bill was less than we expected. And the food came out so fast!! We recommend the beef and chili pepper noodle soup and the udon!!
First time here with friends and family and they prefer the pork soup dumplings drunken chicken and so much more. Service is okay Great pricesGreat soy milkYou know what try everything because you're in for a treat. Bon appetite
I have been a longtime customer of this establishment. I have been frequenting this restaurant long before it expanded - I was around when it just opened up and had about 6 tables altogether for seating. After today's visit, I am not coming back here ever again. I strongly believe that the quality of the food is slowly going down. That's usually what happens when a restaurant becomes more well-known and expands to accommodate more customers. Now, don't get me wrong: from what I know (according to my family), the xlb and dumplings are still better what's offered in nearby restaurants. However, everything else on the menu is worse than average. We also ordered vegetarian steamed dumplings and a udon noodle stir-fry. The noodles were the saltiest, greasiest, most disgusting thing that I have ever tried to date. It felt like I was sticking my tongue into a salt shaker - that's how salty it was! As for the vegetarian steamed dumplings, they tasted all right. What completely ruined the dining experience for me was the service. the service was absolutely horrible. In the past, when I would visit this restaurant with my boyfriend (who looks Western), the waitresses would ignore us and tend to the other customers who look clearly Asian and can speak Chinese fluently. They ignored us even if we would politely try to flag them down as they passed our table. But they were forgiven and their actions quickly forgotten because the food was still pretty good, until...Today, one of the waitresses had the gall to yell at my mother. We ordered an extra dish near the end of our meal because we were still hungry. A tall-looking waitress with glasses barely acknowledged our order, and we weren't sure if it was added. So we tried to confirm. Our efforts were met with a rude temper from her and a second shorter waitress with a raspy voice. We were kind of annoyed, but let it go. When our order finally came, the second waitress tried to figure out whose table it belonged to, and so we tried to grab her attention for a good five minutes. The waitress not only ignored us, but she also proceeded to yell at my mother for trying to tell her. Not only that, but she also went around the other tables complaining to other customers about our attitude. That was the breaking point for us.We tried to complain to the cashier, but she denied that the waitress do something that terrible. So we paid our bill, gave them the tip that they deserved (which was zilch), and left the restaurant forever, never to ever return again.
There are much better places with better service and prices in the neighborhood. They aren't the only choice anymore. Service here has become obnoxious, conceited and deplorable. And the portions have becomr much less than before. Such a shame.
Every time when I don't have any other plans I get to really REALLY enjoy good times with my twin Sistah (AKA Elle P.).Back in the days there was only one or two Shanghainese restaurants that served Xiao Lung Bao (AKA Soup Dumplings), Scallion Pancakes, Warm Soy Milk, Noodle soup with Grilled Pork.  I used to LOVE Joe's Shanghai, but Now I've found my New Love of Soup Dumplings!.One night she asked me out (always last minute) and I always end up meeting up with her.  She chose this place (and had been on my bookmark list for over a year!).  Finally was able to try it out.  It was Packed on a Saturday night, You approach to the hostess (by the cashier) to get your number assigned and wait outside (because it's really small inside, and it won't take long if it's a small group).  So get ready to be sandwiched when you sit at a small table.Ordered the Cold Appetizer which was Fried Bean Gluten, Yummy but a tad cold. For drinks, My twin had tea, and I had a Cold Soy milk (sweet).  I was able to taste the soy flavor, and it wasn't super sweet (which I like!)*. Then we had a Scallion Pancake with Sliced beef wrapped around.  The scallion pancake is thick and fluffy, freshly hot, but like my Twin says they put a lot of Hoisin sauce that I couldn't even taste anything than just the sauce.Third order was the Steamed wonton with hot sauce in a bowl (comes in 8 pieces).  My Twin sistah kept asking me questions about this particular order (why there's peanut sauce in it?, Why they didn't mention in the menu, some people might be allergic.  Who invented this?  It's not hot at all.  I "kinda" ignored her cause I was too busy eating **Last order was the Pork and crab soup dumplings (WARNING, Takes more than 15 minutes to make this, if you want this, ORDER ahead of TIME!).  The skin is good enough to hold the soup (not super thick).  Chunks of Crab in every Dumpling.  And another question from my twin was "where's the soup dumpling?" and I said. INSIDE***.  And I gave her couple of options to eat the soup dumplings. My favorite is to Poke a hole in the skin, Pour the soup in the spoon, then put couple of drops of vinegar sauce around  the dumpling and wait for couple of minutes to cool it off.  Then Eat it all!.  At the end I slurp the soup from the  Spoon and VOILA!****At the end we left the place Happy.  PS.......................................... CASH ONLY!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* = Actually it tasted pretty fresh. Like they just made it!** = I didn't ignored her, took me couple of minutes to answer her!.  *** = I did not yell at her FYI. I'm always gentle to her.**** = Apparently the soup fills up the spoon, also not greasy, but soupy flavor!.
Couldn't even stay to eat, once we walked in the hostess eating behind the counter didn't even ask us if we wanted to eat, and the waiter who I tried to ask a question too, didn't acknowledge me the first time and the second time gave me the hand! Needless to say I walked out! Thanks to your horrible staff you lost 2 customers!
Good food - we got the crab and pork XLBs (yes there was a small crab shell in one of my dumplings) and the rice cake dish - both very good. BUT THE BEST THING was the green onion pancake + beef that everyone else has mentioned on yelp. VERYYYY GOOOOOD. :) Also, iced soy milk...tastes like Taiwan. :)
Very authentic Chinese breakfast place. Love their xiaolongbao and shumai. Their xiaolongbao is relatively bigger than the usual ones, but the taste is pretty good. There is a wait usually on weekends but it's not terrible and definitely worth it. The service is pretty quick and nice. I would want to come back another weekend to try their shengjianbao.
the BEST soup dumpling spot in Queens. freshly made and so delicious. the pan fried udon is probably one of the greatest things i've ever eaten. there will definitely be a wait to be seated, but its not too long and its certainly worth the wait.
Nan Shian Dumpling House is a tiny restaurant that can accommodate only about 30 people and serves delicious soup dumplings. Sitting elbow to elbow with strangers, and sharing your table with other parties is to be expected. Once you get past the cramped surroundings, this place isn't bad at all.A lot of comparisons have been made between Nan Shian and Joe's Shanghai. I must say that I thought their soup dumplings tasted very much alike, and the competition is just too close to call. But, in any place that serves soup dumplings, there is always an unpleasant odor in the air. I'm not sure why, it's just how it is. At Joe's Shanghai, it hits you in the face suffocating you and killing your appetite slightly.This wasn't the case here. And for that reason alone, I prefer it.I ordered the Seafood Noodle Soup, which was definitely better than JS. They use different noodles, thin white ones that melt in your mouth as opposed to the thick udon used at other places. They were a little cheap with the scallops, but at only $6.95 for a heaping bowl, I couldn't complain. My Mom ordered the Pan Fried Seafood Udon, which was greasy and delicious. Again, they were cheap with the seafood, but the prices are so low you really can't complain.Three of us ate here, stuffing our faces until we were full and satisfied, and the bill came out to only $39.
Great steamed pork buns, and very friend staff. Most of the clientel is mainly Chinese, but they have menues in English. Its very clean and the place has great prices. The scalion pancake is good too.
Xiao long bao 3/5Spicy beef noodle soup 4/5Rice cake with sea food 3/5Scallion pancake with beef 2/5Service was fast and decent, but the xiao long bao was just not as amazing as I wish they were!! =( Everything else was pretty pare, and the scallion pancake was way too greasy.
Came here for a quick snack and had the Pork+Crab soup dumplings and the chilled Jellyfish with Radish. The dumplings weren't the best I've ever had but it satisfied my cravings. Unfortunately the jellyfish and radish was really oily and bland.
The quality of the food here has gone down significantly since last time I came here. Worst of all, the service is horrible, the waiter and waitresses try their hardest to ignore all he customers I noticed.  My wife and I used to LOVE the soup dumplings here, we used to get 2 to 3 orders, now I feel like we're going to eliminate this place as a must go restaurant when we're in Flushing. Also the last few times we've been here, we always had to wait, the line used to go all the way out the door. Now the place is maybe half full... We won't be back for a while.
We're not sure what the hype was about this place. The crab soup dumplings barely had crab in there and we found a couple of them with crab cartilage and crab shells. It tasted more like pork soup dumplings! We have definitely had better soup dumplings from other places in Chinatown. The service wasn't great at all. The cashier in the front seemed like she didn't want to work and when we went up to her to try to be seated, she told us with a nasty attitude to go in the back. The waiters and waitresses seemed like they were pissed to be working. The waitress seemed mad when we wanted to change the meat in the noodle dish. We wanted chicken instead of pork and she seemed all pissed over it. We did not think it was such a big deal. Other places do it for us all the time without any complaints. She needs to learn to calm down and chill.  Our hot sweet soy milk came in a bowl that was hard to drink from. They could have just given us a tall cup. They are not considerate at all. The cold soy milk seems to be popular here though. I don't think we will be coming back. It's definitely not what we expected it to be after we saw all the great reviews. What a disappointment!
I hate going to Flushing, but Nan Xiang makes it worthwhile. Nan Xiang has changed over the years. From a small restaurant with the capacity fill for maybe 40, to acquiring the space next door, and then expanding even bigger. But one thing hasn't changed. And it is the quality of their food. Whenever I'm here, I always order the same things. The pork soup dumplings or the crab ones (depending on who I'm with) and the pork w/ preserved veggies noodle soup. Both never fails to satisfy me. The soup juice from the dumplings is very clean and love the fatty bits that the filling adds to it. The filling itself is very flavorful. The noodles always taste fresh - is it freshly pulled? Wish I had some dumplings and noodles right now.
We went late at night - and the restaurant was not too busy. We were seated right away. Parking is available for $5 - it is impossible to park in that area.Compared to Din Tai Fung, their dumplings are huge. They were flavorful and juicy. We also ordered noodles with black sauce with chili oil. They were fantastic! We ordered two orders of soup dumplings (8), an order of fried dumplings, and noodles. It came out to be $40. Not bad. The dumplings were a little doughy for me - and i prefer din tai fung because of thinness of the dough.
I fly from San Francisco for these soup dumplings. We don't have anything CLOSE to the quality (looking at you, Kingdom of Dumplings). The broth is not a joke or passing fad here and whenever I come to visit my family, I beg to go here.  (Ugly baby bird gaping kind of beg.) I'm not such a huge fan of crab, but I'm probably just a weird person or FAIL Asian. This spot is WAY better than Joe's Shanghai, all locations.  The broth is smooth and clear, yet incredibly flavorful. The skin is very thin, but will hold up if you eat it quick and don't let it sit too long, so you're not getting a mouthful of fat, chewy dough at all. I hate it when soup dumpling shops have thick skins and little or flavorless broth, it's a huge part of the harmony that takes place in your mouth!!! Yes... even in YOUR mouth if you hurry up and get your butt there. The other dishes are pretty good, though I only eat them because my Dragon Mother glares at me something fierce if I only eat the dumplings... Yea, yea, variety smahriety. I actually really love the sliced jellyfish and radish, though like a true Chinese, I ate it without knowing what it was and liked it despite finding out it was a wiggly nasty stinging monster of the sea.  I like watching the jellies dance in the aquarium, but didn't really consider seeing them on my plate...but anyway, DELICIOUS! Maybe I'm not a FAIL Asian after all. I feel this must be the most legit spot outside of Shanghai, complete with the somewhat aloof and brusk service, but hey, feed me and I have no complaints. Feed me slowly, then that's a different story. Wait lines are insane sometimes. Arrive when you are not starving. Otherwise, arrive with an open mind to eat whatever is placed in front of you. Napkin included. (Don't judge, it happens.)
Yes yes yes! This is definitely the go-to spot for soup dumplings in Flushing. The quality at Joe Shanghai has definitely went down since they opened but this place has constantly provided great tasting dumplings. They also have a better variety of little tapas style food that you can order around your dumplings to make a great meal. Price is also very good.
Omg this place is phenomenal defiantly recommend anybody that would love a morning hearty breakfast
Absolutely delicious.This is definitely one of the places that I'd want to go to whenever I'm in the tri-state area and I very well may make it a point to hang around in Flushing for a bit if I'm simply 'going through.'The skin was a little thck to be absolutely freaking awesome super duper I must come here all the freaking time, but the shear amount of soup that was in these guys put it over into the realm of 5 stars for me.I typically don't like the crab version of XLB that much as they tend to have too much of a "xing wei" to me.  However, these guys were quite mild and delicious.  I preferred them over the plain pork ones for sure.When you visit a place at 11:30pm at night and there's still a wait, you know you up for some good grub.  My cousins, looking over the menu, asked me if I wanted this or that and I simply asked them "is there a place better for that dish?"  Typically the answer would be "yeah this place down the street has better." "We're going there next, then."
Crowded, rushed place.  I don't know. Another place that was overhyped for me perhaps.  I thought the soup dumplings would impress me more than they did.  My date loved them, said they are the best you can get.. Better than at Joe's.I found them a bit bland.   All we ordered were the crab/pork soup dumplings,  so I can't speak on the other dishes.  Would try back for a second shot on a really cold winter day. I like to have hope.  Maybe then I'll see what all the hype is about?
I prefer coming here instead of Joe's Shanghai. They recently expanded this place, and now there are three rooms of seating. I love their soup dumplings with pork (I'm not a fan of the ones with crab). Their scallion pancake with beef is probably the next best thing on the menu. The pan fried udon noodles and the rice cake dishes are good too, but sometimes they add a little too much oil.There are many food options in Flushing, but this restaurant is definitely one of my favorite spots.
If you have not been here it is a MUST!!!!! best food around!Everyone MUST try the scallion pancake with beef....LIFE CHANGING!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place has pretty good Xiao Long Bao (pork soup dumplings), but I really like their pig ear, jellyfish salad, spicy beef tendon, spicy beef & tripe, Shanghai wonton, and their drunken chicken. Youtiao (chinese doughnut) and du jiang also good.
Even though I am Shanghainese, I don't get to eat xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) nearly as much as I would like. In fact, I used to visit the Joe's Shanghai (in Chinatown), before being introduced to Nan Xiang through Yelp. Now, this is the place I go to for some XLB.I recently came here (from the city too!), to eat dinner with my bf and maybe catch the Knicks game somewhere. As it was a chilly day in NYC, I suggested Nan Xiang for some soup dumplings. We arrived shortly before 7 and were seated immediately. We settled on one order of the pork dumplings (6 to an order), and the shredded pork rice cake (nian gao, another Shanghai staple). The dumplings were very good, as were the nian gao, albeit a little harder than I'm used to (that's what she said?). Even though I wasn't particularly hungry (7 is still a little early for dinner for me!), my bf and I demolished all the food. I definitely recommend the pork dumplings, any of the rice cakes and the fried bean gluten. The food isn't terribly expensive, so I do plan on coming back and trying the other things on the menu!They take cash only, so make sure you have some on hand.
I've been here two days in a row! The food is absolutely delicious! The steamed pork and crab buns and fish w/ salt cabbage noodle soup are my favorites so far. I will be trying the sweet soy bean milk and fried dough today as well! This place is a must if you enjoy authentic Chinese cuisine.
Very satisfied with the food here. We had the pork chop noodles, dumplings, scallion pancake and the pork buns. Truly satisfying! One downside though, they don't take cash.
I love to try new things, of all the places I've eaten scene my stay in New York. This place is one of the best places I have ever eaten. I never had a Shanghai dumplings before, but I can say that this is the closest dumplings to the real deal.
This place is legit! I have never had soup dumplings before my first visit here and boy was I missing out. The soup dumplings were so fresh and tasty, thinking about them is making me salivate and want to drive to get some right now. The spicy bamboo was also very very good. I had a noodle soup which was just ok which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. If i only had soup dumplings it would be a 10!
My most recent visit here was abit disappointing because, I always get the soup dumplings. I usually get two serving of it. One pork and one with crab. But this time when I ordered a pork and crab soup dumpling, I notice more than half of them didn't have crab in them. I  wanted to ask one of the staffs' there but decided not to cause I knew it wouldn't matter. How will I prove it, it has the golden bits of crab on top of the dumplings but not inside. Didn't want to leave a tip but saw one of the waiters ran after another customer down and ask them for it. Last thing I want. The skin of the dumplings were ok but a few of them broke when I picked it up. I do like their hot plain soy milk. They are a busy place and popular but that does not mean they should neglict their food service and food quality.
This is my go to place for soup dumplings! Much better then joe shanghai in my opinion. It is usually always packed but I never had to wait long for a seat. Took away one star because it takes a while for the dumplings to be served. Usually all the other food comes first and we would finish pretty much everything before the dumplings are served and by that time we are already full. We had to cancel the dumpling orders on two difference occasions because it took so long and we were too full even though we went there for the dumplings. However it is still very much worth it when I'm in a soup dumpling mode. My favorite are the crab xiao long bap and the regular pork one. The shanghai pan fried udon noodles are very good as well and my boyfriend enjoys the spicy beef tripe. Writing this review makes me hungry.
Great soup dumplings, beef pancake and stir fried rice cakes. Pretty consistent. Always enjoy my food here.
LOVE LOVE this place. Dined in with my sister and brother the other night. They are always packed!! But when you order to pick up they prepare the food quickly. Great service every time. Their pan fried noodles are great, I always get that when I come. Their veggie dumplings are also great. I tried their cucumber salad, was ok...too much garlic for me. If you're in flushing definitely pass by this restaurant and try their dumplings and pan fried noodles.
This Shanghai-style dumpling house sits on Prince Street, which is full of delicious Chinese restaurants. Nan Xiang manages to stand out from the rest with a solid offering of Shanghai cuisine, including what I consider to be the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in NYC!Their menu is very focused, with a great core selection of dishes including various dumplings like their Shanghai Shao Mai, which is filled with a sticky rice mixture. Their noodle soups are also very delicious, with a great, clean-tasting broth and a generous heap of toppings and noodles.On my last trip, we ordered two baskets of xiao long bao, one with crab and one with pork, an order of the shao mai, a salty sticky rice roll, and a pork and cabbage noodle soup. We arrived at around 8:30 on a Sunday morning, and we had no wait.The noodle soup and sticky rice roll arrived first. The noodle soup was a great breakfast. The soup was very savory and clean-tasting, and the pork and cabbage were seasoned very well. The noodles were of the perfect thickness and were cooked to perfection as well. The sticky rice roll arrived in the shape of a banana, wrapped in plastic and cut in half. The filling was salty and complimented the sweet-ish rice perfectly.The shao mai came out next. These are different compared to most shao mai around the area. Instead of a meat mixture filling the dumplings, it is filled with a sticky rice mixture. It has a very interesting texture, and with the soup it was delicious, but perhaps a bit dryish on its own.The highlight of meals here is always the xiao long bao. I've been to a few joints around the city, and I believe that this is the best I've had so far. Both the crab and pork dumplings were seasoned very well, with a perfect amount of the flavorful yet clean-finish broth filling the skins.The service was standard Flushing Chinese service, and was effective.Go here for soup dumplings! Grab a noodle soup as well if you're hungry.
If you love dumplings like I do, this is a must visit. As someone who is not Korean and not terribly familiar with the food, I went with the server's recommendations and a few personal selections. Everything was delicious and I filled myself up. Wonderful service and we got a seat with no problem. Classic mistake--we didn't use the spoons provided to eat the dumplings, so we lost a lot of the tasty juices. Amateurs! I'll try to remember next time.
I had a horrible experience with my boyfriend where our soup dumplings tasted like dish washing liquid. The employee admitted that the utensils may not have been cleaned properly but the entire batch of soup dumplings reeked of soap. Aside from this instance, most of the time the food is good but the service is always terrible. I'm always rushed for my order or ignored by my waiter. On multiple occasions they've forgotten part of my order and refuse to deal with me if I ask what's taking so long. However, this place still remains my go-to spot for soup dumplings in Flushing.
I had soup dumplings in Taiwan and these were even better! Awesome soup dumplings!! Cash only! Great prices, fast service! I get what all the hype is about! I only gave 4 stars due to the informal ambiance but we will be back!
Great soup dumplings (my family always orders the pork and the pork & crab), garlicky seawood and savory sliced pig ears. I like the soup dumplings better than Joe's Shanghai. They have a little area where you can see the women making the soup dumplings and they're always hard at work. I'd skip the noodles; I've tried several (beef and chili pepper noodle soup, panfried seafood noodles, shredded pork panfried noodles) and wasn't impressed by any of them. Scallion pancake was also disappointing, a little too thick, not enough scallion and not flaky enough. The service is typical Flushing service, no frills. It's a good place to eat a satisfying meal. Warning about the soup dumplings: be careful how you eat it because it's steaming hot inside. It might not be the best place to eat if you're starving because if you eat them too quickly, you'll burn your tongue.Edit: went there again tonight and they use real crab meat. I was always a little skeptical but we found little pieces of crab shells in some our soup dumplings tonight. Yum...
I would pick this place over Joe Shanghai any day. The soup dumplings are def made fresher.  I actually feel like its more flavorful too. I love the rice cake nooodles! And their cold appetizers.One thing I dislike is the service. Way to slow..
The churro like dessert donut with soy milk isn't that great but their xiao long bao is the best tasting and the best priced in the city. You will not find another spot that tastes as good and as cheap as Nan Xiang. Worth the trip into Queens.
Came here with some friends, some familiar with Chinese "brunch" and some who only know of Americanized Chinese food. Needless to say, everyone loved it here. The xiaolongbao were pretty darn good, although still not sure if it's worth the trek.We also ordered scallion pancakes with beef, and salty/sweet soy milk. Can't beat $1 sweet soy milk, especially in New York. We also ordered some less adventurous dishes, like dumplings and rice cakes. My white friends were all kind of reluctant at first, but once they tried it all, they were hooked.The check came out to less than $10 a person, and we were all pretty stuffed from all the food we ordered. I live in Manhattan, so I wish it was a little closer, but definitely next time when I'm feeling a trip to Flushing, I'll definitely go here over Joe's Shanghai.
This is the worst restaurant I have met. The waitress is so bad, serving is so slowing like turtle running. Dumplings is like shit! Fucking Chinese things. The ,fucking son of bitch ,waitress attitude is so arrogant.
We have been here many times but this is my first time leaving a review. The soup dumplings are the main reason you come here but they also have other things on their menu which should be ordered. We always get the crab soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef, spicy beef with tripe, and a rice cake dish. Why only 4 and not 5 stars? Their service is spotty. There is one girl that has been there for a long time and is always on point but there are others that shouldn't be working there at all. We wanted to order the spicy beef and tripe the last time we were there and she told us they were out, few minutes later 2 tables had their orders placed on their table. Keep in mind this is a cold dish and does not need any prep at all from the kitchen. We asked again and she never came back to our table.
The BEST soup dumplings in NYC period. I dot wanna hear any shit about joe shanghais so just stop. Also try the Shanghai noodles.
Came in 4pm on weekend in the hope to avoid the crowd and taste the famous crab meat xiao long Bao. Yet waited for 30+ min and still waiting. Waitress felt sorry too but what's wrong with the operation.
We love their soup dumplings. Price is very reasonable, just the wait is a little  long .
I've had a handful of soup dumplings (mostly mediocre) from various places in NYC. So, I'm confident enough to say that Nan Xiang and Joe's Shanghai stand out the most. I can't really pinpoint which is better unless I eat them at the same time but Nan Xiang's soup dumplings are above standard (meaty inside, flavorful broth, and thin skin). Here are 2 things I can compare between the two restaurants. You can either order 6 pork dumplings for $5.50 and/or 6 crab & pork dumplings for $6.50 at Nan Xiang while you can get 8 dumplings for similar prices at Joe's. Also, Nan Xiang has less items on its menu (2 pages) compared to Joe's. Another winner dish at Nan Xiang was the scallion pancake with sliced beef. Out of this world! Crispy on the outside and chewy/oily in the inside with a piece of marinated beef covered in lots of sweet hoisin sauce. I do wish there were more scallion pieces in the pancake to enhance the dish. I could eat 2 of this myself and I will next time.Now onto the bad stuff (you knew it was coming)... The sitting situation is a little awkward depending on your luck. These people will stuff you in any table available. We had the worst luck having to sit in a one of the three tables connected together in a row with 2 other groups. As for the service, you'll be treated the same like most Chinese restaurants.  I saw the host "politely" telling one of the patrons to get his own chopsticks... Oh, this may be irrelevant but they also had 6 workers cramped up into a small corner with glass walls making made to order soup dumplings. Is this really necessary?FYI - We had no troubles getting in at 4pm since we got there before the rush. There was a line out the door around 5pm.
This is the among most authentic xiaochi (snacks) you can find in the US. Do NOT go here expecting traditional "Cantonese" dim sum.  -Best xiaolongbao (pork soup dumplings) I've tasted in America. Quality surpasses Joe's (thanks to thin skins) and approaches Ding Tai Feng.  -Spicy cucumbers are mild but fresh and tasty.-Xiandoujiang (salty soy milk) was a fully seasoned and delicious, though I would have preferred to add the vinegar myself.-steamed veggie dumplings, bland and lifeless everywhere else, were fully flavored. Wonderful!- Sweet stuffed sticky rice was a little to sugary for my taste.- Everything is inexpensive!-Service was pleasant enough though slow and inaccurate. Washrooms should be kept cleaner.  If these problems can be resolved, Nan Xiang would rate a full 5 stars in my book.Bottom line: Nan Xiang is a rare, treasure.  IVery few places in US are similar, except the few A&J restaurants in Wash DC and California.
Maybe the best XLB outside of Asia.  Nian gao was on point as well.  Everything here was top notch quality and well worth the long wait.
Great soup dumplings (pork buns). Expect a huge lunch crowd. All three dining rooms are full and the line is almost out the door. The crispy noodle dishes are good. Cash only.
This place is good, not great. The soup dumplings yielded excellent savory juices but the filling itself and the skin just didn't impress me. Also, the scallion pancake was way too breaded and deep fried (it's not usually treated like a fritter) but I did like the authentic gingery dip they provided. The pork and vegetable wonton soup was fine, but the broth didn't have a lot of depth. What pleasantly surprised me was the rice cake with shredded pork. Full and flavorful, but not heavy, with generous helpings of rice cake, pork, shittake mushroom, cabbage, and carrots.
I have had many, many soup dumplings, and these are some of the best, if not the best.  Similar to Joe's, but with even thinner dough.  Really, really good.  The other items were awesome too, and everything was super cheap.  On top of that, you don't get the brusque service you get in Chinatown (at least we didn't). Easily worth the trip to Flushing.Cash only...
Being vegetarian, it was a little hard to order from here. The meals that are "non-meat" are pretty simple and loaded with carbs. After eating, we realized that we ate nothing but "bread". However, the food was good. Wish the fried noodle and rice dish had more veggies in it -- but the scallion pancakes were on point. The staff was friendly & the service was quick. It'd probably be a better fit for those who do eat meat though.
Small little place with a HUGE crowd and some decent XLBs. Pretty authentic if you ask me.. I couldn't even read the outdoor sign!XLBs had thin skin and BURNING HOT SOUP. Took a while to get, but I suppose that just means it's super fresh!Spicy beef and tendon.. spicy and full of flavorGreen onion pancakes: Really chewy on the inside, poofy fried crispiness on the outside.Beef roll (green onion pancake with beef): Not much beef, sauce, or flavor on the inside.. sick with the classics people!Overall, food's pretty good, and the prices ain't too shabby either!
Came here while wrapping up an extensive food tour of Flushing with friends. Everyone was stuffed so we just ordered the signature dish here, xiao long bao, both crab and pork. Probably the best version I've had of this dish, with dumplings filled to the brim with piping hot soup. Liked the pork over the crab. Will venture out here again to try other dishes.
The food is not as good as many people claim them to be and the service is soooooooooo bad. We came here 5 minutes after it opens, and it took the waitress 10 minutes to get the menu. When we made the order, the waitress didn't bother to write it done and then conveniently forgot one of our order. We had to wait for 30 minutes and talked to the waitress twice to get the things figured out.Everyone came after us got their orders and was eating while we stared at our empty table. And when they serve the soymilk, the waitress was so sloppy that the milk got spilled all over the tray. And the waitress is really rude whenever we tried to talk to them. I got so angry at this place and decided to reflect my bad experience on the tips, and before we exited from the front the door, the waitress literally yelled at us and saying that we didn't leave them enough tips. Srsly????? I refused to give more tips and simply told them their bad service and rude attitude didnt deserve any tips
4.5 stars (minus .5 for service)Heard from locals to visit this dumpling house on Prince Street.Must orders:  1) steamed crab meat & pork buns. Beware of the juices! It bursts in your mouth (and on your spoon if you don't catch it in time). Pairs well with the vinegar & shaved ginger sauce dipping sauce.  I'm going to miss these flavors...2) pan fried dumplings...the dumpling is juicy on the inside and has a crispy seared outside!...oh so good!  (husband's favorite)3) shanghai pan fried u-don is also a tasty.   Great savory flavors and slightly on the greasy side. Hearty portion. If we had more room in our tummies, would've ordered green onion pancakes. Next time for sure!Service:They took our orders quickly.  Language barriers caused some pointing for clarifications.  A lady wait staff threw one of our dishes, causing some food items to fall off the plate = minus .5 stars.   Other than the minor service boo boo, dumplings were juicy and excellent.
My car was looking so bad and Queens Finest collision fixed my car she looks like a princess again I was so happy for the work that they did on my car the Manager Ryan was very Courteous and very helpful I recommend all my family and friend to go there if they need there car to be done my baby is ready for the summer I'm so happy and satisfied.
My grandma and my fiancée are both from Shanghai so I've had a lot of great soup dumplings there. I'd give a 4/5 for Nan Xiang's soup dumplings: they are kind of too large and the skin a little bit thicker, but the filling is very tasty and juicy. Besides dumplings other dishes here did not impress me, but I think people come here for dumplings.
Great xiao long bao place. I would've preferred the skin to be a bit thinner, but nonetheless, the broth inside was rich and the stuffing inside was adequate and tasty.
Decor - 3Service - 3Presentation - 3Taste - 3When this place first opened, I loved it! but that was many years ago.Now, every time I go, all I taste is the MSG in all the kitchen cooked food. I  should have learn after the first 2 times, but for some reason all my friends think this place is really good.  Don't get me wrong the taste is average, but just WAY TOO much MSG for me. Dishes I recommend:Soup DumplingsBeef Noodle Stir-fry
Their soup dumplings are so yummy...maybe the best in the city.  Prices are extremely reasonable, and while the wait isn't great, the crowds demonstrate what a great "cheap eats" joint this is.  Also try the crispy noodles and the beef scallion pancakes.  The veggies were another pleasant surprise ( cucumbers, mushrooms)
Dumplings were good, but not as good as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. I haven't been to Joe's in Flushing, but Yelp reviews are much better for the one in Chinatown so I'm assuming they're not quite the same.At Joe's Chinatown my taste buds were just excited with all the flavors. Here at Nah Xiang it was something more like home-made kind of good, something that I feel I can make in my kitchen by looking up a recipe online. At Joe's it felt a bit more special than that.The pork and salted cabbage soup was just outright bad. Pork was as chewable as rubber, broth really boring, noodles stuck together and cabbage had a weird flavor. Pretty disappointing. The portion was enough for 3 but I doubt even 1 out of 3 would want it. There are so many good noodle soup options in Flushing that's it's not even worth a try at Nah Xiang's.The scallion pancake with beef was good except for the sauce used on the beef. The taste of the sauce wasn't good and was so overpowering. The rest of the pancake was actually pretty good. I'd order one without beef next time - hopefully it doesn't have that black sauce on it.As true for most spots in Flushing, pricing was more than reasonable.Overall, I'd come back here for dumplings if I didn't want to wait in a 45min line outside of Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown in the freezing cold.
Okay, so, the best option at this spot are the crab xiao long bao. Well, at least in my humble opinion.  Although I'm super openminded about foods, I never realized that buns could be made with crab as a filling.  Well, simply put, it's amazing. This stuff is really the salvation of humanity.  Asian foods to save the world with its variety.  Along with your crab xiao long bao, I also recommend that you add the scallion pancakes.  They are not exactly pancakes but an open mind will thank you.  Scallions are awesome and so is this place.  Highly recommend.
its so far away from manhattan but its worth the trip. the food is cheap (price) and delicious. The xiao long bao is delicious with yummy soup. The scallion pancake with beef is also really good.
I am 100% shanghainess with a very hard-to-please culinary preference. First of all, I classify this as a dim-sum shop and not a restaurant. So other than the steamed mini-pork buns, don't bother with the dishes as they are all pretty much subpar.  The steamed buns (and stop calling them dumplings, only Round-wrapped Boiled things are called dumplings) come in two stuffed fillings, pork and pork/crab meat/crab yellow/egg.IMO, the pork ones are the best in NYC (forget Joe Shanghai, not even close to authentic style with that much soy sauce added). The crab meat ones are at a close second, only inches behind that one tiny shop in the food court of Golden world shopping mall.  Service attitude is indifferent to bad. Waiting gets longer and longer, but hey, their buns are tasty and if you are unhappy with the service, you could choose to cut back on the tip.
This Shanghainese restaurant is really authentic. As a Shanghainese now living in New York, I have tried many famous Shanghainese restaurants in the city. But this one is always the closest to my 20+ years memory of classic Shanghai cuisine. To be accurate, the menu provided by this restaurant only covers the food and drinks usually served as the breakfast in Shanghainese culture. Things like Shaobing, Youtiao, Soy Milk, Shanghai Shao Mai, Pan Fried Pork Buns (or Sheng Jian Bao in Chinese) and Salt Soy Bean Curd (or Xian Dou Hua in Chinese) are my favorites.I strongly recommend Steamed Pork Buns (or Xiao Long Bao in Chinese). Steamed Pork Buns have various types in different regions in China. But the one from Shanghai is one of the best, known as 'Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao'. Nan Xiang is a small town located in the suburban area of Shanghai, which is famous for the best Xiao Long Bao.Steamed Crab Meat & Pork Bun is usually considered as a premium variation, as crab meat in China is usually more expensive. I liked it as well, but Steamed Pork Bun, to me, are always the No.1 because it is the most classic.
This is the only place I would go to when I crave xiao long baos.  Whenever I go there, we would always order 2 or more order of the delcious tiny things.  They are the perfect size with their delicious nice touch of the broth and warming to the heart.  I also love ordering their cold side dishes.  The glutten with the mushroom is a must order! i would always order it and munch on them before my soup dumplings come.  With my drink of choice hot unsweetened soy milk, the dumplings in the mixture of peanut butter sauce is fantastic as well.  It is always crowded in the restaurant and there is always a wait, but its highly recommended and everyone else waiting knows it is good too.  I recommend all my friends to come here for the best tummy warming xiao long bao they have ever had! :)
The food is not terrible, but definitely is not all that good either. Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings are far more superior. The crab soup dumplings does not have any crab flavor at all. I also ordered the beef and pepper noodle soup which was so very bland that I had to pour hot oil in it for it to taste somewhat better. My fiance ordered a fried noodle dish which never came well after 45 minutes (we asked the waitress to check for us too). By then, we already finished the soup dumplings and my noodle soup and still nothing. A guy who sat in the table next to us ordered that same fried noodle dish the same time we did got his in like 10 minutes and by the time he was done eating, we were still waiting for ours. At least if the food was good, I would say it is worth the wait but it really is not. We ended up just canceling that order. They were not apologetic at all. No plans to return.
Small place but the soup dumpling with crab meat are fantastic! Would only go there for that.
The size of their Shanghai pan fried noodles were just like an appetizer.  Other than that, we love especially the scallion pancake with sliced beef, so good!
Very authentic shanghai style food . The Xiao long Bao, or soup dumplings, are hot and we'll made so they don't break.  The soup stays inside the dumpling ready to slurp.
The dumplings were not among the best but it is one of the good ones. You won't regret coming here and trying this out. I pretty much ordered all the dumplings in the menu because I was really hungry. I pretty much forgot the names but the pan fried are the best. I would skip the soy sauce that's on the table, made the mistake of putting that on the dumplings and ruined most of it. It's sour and not tasty at all. Stay away. The most annoying part is that they do not take cards so have your cash ready or end up walking 2 blocks for the nearest ATM. For the most part, the dumplings are doable, I didn't try the other items in the menu. I did get the spicy beef stripe. That was a really good food. The spice on it is really tangy and has that paprika sort of tongue vibrating ingredient which makes the meat really fun to eat. The only sad part is that it comes cold. I would really love to have that with some liquor. Overall, love the dumplings. Will be back for the other items with CASH!!!
I have to be fair:The soup dumplings here were really good.  Skin was thin, soup was tasty, meat was tender.  All the right qualities of soup dumplings.The Shanghai noodles was the disappointment.  They were really hard to chew, sauce was bland, and not enough meat (I only saw a few strips of pork).  They do ask you to share the table with strangers during busy time, so be prepare to jump into other people's conversation and vice versa!
My husband and I dream of this place every few weeks, work up a craving strong enough to brave the ridiculous traffic on Main Street and when we make it, we order our usual: lots of pork soup dumplings, shanghai pan fried udon with extra shanghai bok choy, scallion pancake - sometimes the beef one - spicy cold tripe and beef (he eats the tripe, I eat the beef) - it has cilantro, pepper, celery, yummmm. Today I saw an old man with lots of churros before him and, happening to crave a cronut this morning, asked what it was. One crispy dough without sugar or salt, just plain deep fried dough, yummmmmmm. One for $1.50.
The food is food, just a little wait. Service is ok. I love the rice cake and the beef pancake.
WORTH. THE. WAIT.There's always a hugongo line outside....so just come during the off hours or when they first open! The expanded the place so seating is a lot more abundant and thus the wait isn't terrible. The XLB's are TDF (I ruv abrevs :D). My mom & I come here a lot especially after I returned from studying abroad in Shanghai and really wanted some authentic Shanghai grub. I've had their rice cake w/beef several times and it's good but nothing to rave about. DEF DEF DEF get their crab meat & pork XLB's & sesame cake w/ sliced beef. They've ALWAYS been out of the sticky rice rolls when I go there, but that's because it's more of a breakfast food. Wah. :(
Soup dumplings were only ok.  Not enough crab flavor.  I've had better.  Don't believe the hype.  Girl didn't like it either.
I've already been here twice in three days. First time, we had one order of Xiao Long Bao, and the Beef noodle Soup. The Xiao Long Bao was delicious. The skin was made really well, and it was extremely soupy. According to my friend, the XLBs come freshly steamed everytime someone orders it.The second time we came back, I had one and a half order of XLBs to myself. Boy was I satisfied, especially as it was snowing pretty heavily outside. If you're visiting the area and you've never been here, this place is definitely worth a try.
Their handmade steamed dumpling: fabulous. It was the right amount of doughy and crunchy for the skin. The meat juices inside was a little bit too oily for my taste, but the seasoning of it was on point. Their wontons were probably my favorite. It was handmade, large (let me say it again: large), perfectly seasoned, with skins at just the right thickness. The broth it came in was clear and refreshing. Aside from that, I also had the roasted duck handpulled noodle soup. Everything, from the duck to the noodles to the broth, was exactly perfect. I must go back for more!
I love this restaurant! The food definitely is legitimate and super tasty! The prices are so reasonable for the portion sizes.My party tried the pig's ear, jellyfish, scallion pancake and two orders of the Soup Dumplings. All of us were raving about it by the end of the meal. All for $27.The wait outside wasn't too long (approximately 15 minutes) but they are very efficient about getting people in and out. The soup dumplings can take a while to come out because it takes time to make a fresh batch! It is definitely worth the trek out to Flushing from Manhattan because it's cheaper/faster than a flight to Asia :)
Authentic soup dumplings. Soup is a little fattier than other places. The pork buns are unbelievably good, I've never had anything like it. They take a while to make but you realize why when you first bite in.
Loved this place! Food was great and not greasy. The steamed vegetable dumplings were my favorite  by far! Warning - cash only!!
Great dumpling and noodles!! Michelin guide recommended!*This place is now reopen as of 1/18/2013!!**This place is currently under construction as of 1/8/2013*
I ate here with my family, we got 3 "longs" of xiao long bao, 1. steamed crab and meat pork buns2. steamed pork bunsHIGHLY RECOMMENDEDtheir appetizers the stuff in the front (ALL VERY GOOD) spicy, salty, especially when you're really hungrywe got 3 different kinds of noodle soup1. pork chop noodle soup (kind of bland, btu that's because i'm used to the pork chop lunch box from the old lai lai restaurant on the corner) but the pork chops remind me of that place and it came with A TON of noodle and a little bit of baby bok choy2. Fish and salt cabbage noodle soup - more flavor than the pork chop but both were still very good3. crispy noodle with beef, (any crispy noodle with any topping is AWESOME)overall the food is really good, the service is like you'd expect at any flushing restaurant haha crazy chinese people
Food is always good when I go here! I usually get the xiao long bao and any one of the rice cake dishes. When I want to splurge, I also get the beef wrapped in scallion pancake. I've never tried any of the cold dishes though. Would not recommend coming here with a big group and the waiters are prone to forgetting about you.
xlb sucks. skin super thick super hard super dry. do not understand why there's a line. Shanghai fried noodles is not to the standard too. do not waste your time.
One of the best place for soup dumplings.. it's better then Joe Shanghai. This small but always busy.The soup dumplings are very tasty. But be careful when you eat ir because it is super hot ! If you come here try the beef pancake.. it is a scallion pancake wrap in beef with a sweet sauce.  The price is decent, fairly cheap. I always come here when I want soup dumplings, my favorite one is the crab soup dumplings.
Seeing that Nan Xiang is Michelin recommended I had high expectations.Decor: 3/5Service: 2.5/5-we waited a good 15-20 minutes for 3 orders of steamed pork buns, that's just sillyFood: 2/5- @ $5.50 for six steamed pork buns I expected these to blow away my taste buds. That wasn't the case. With gentle and adept hands, all the buns tore apart so easily ruining the soup dumpling experience. -The dumplings ripped at the bottom so it definitely wasn't how they were handled with the tongs-The dough was slightly thicker and "stickier" than Shanghai Cafe where my lips felt like they would stick to each other too easilyShanghai Cafe -1, Nan Xiang -0
We came on a rainy night, which may have been why we only waited 10 minutes for a table for 5. I had called in advance to see if they served alcohol and they said they only served beer. I asked if I could bring my own wine and the woman on the phone agreed.   The host and server both seemed a bit rude, but I think it may have just been the cultural and language barriers. After we had studied the menu for a bit, the waitress asked us, "What do you want?" At first, it sounded like a very rude way to ask us, but I then realized her English was quite broken and that may have been the only way she knew to ask the question. She was then, very helpful in explaining to us the menu items and answering any follow-up questions we had.    We got scallion pancakes, 3 orders of soup dumplings, pan fried noodles and sipped on the wine we brought from home. The soup dumplings and scallion pancakes were DELICIOUS. The soup dumplings are hot, so you must bite a small hole into it and let the steam out for a minute or so...but once you've bitten into it, the hot soup soothes your soul and will leave you wanting more.  The laughable part was after we feasted, for what seemed like hours...our bill of $47 came. We all laughed. $47 for 5 people is so cheap. We all thoroughly enjoyed our experience, from the food, to the helpful staff, eager to bring us more orders of dumplings.    I went back the next day on my own. I ordered to go, an order of soup dumplings because I just HAD to taste them again.
Excellent Soup Dumplings...You can watch the Three Dumpling Ladies make them fresh and steaming hot right to your table.  Paired with the Shanghai Pan Fried Udon or Scallion Pancake, you will definitely not go home hungry.
I know this place is known for their soup dumplings, and I'm sure they are amazing, but I have never had them. I always get the veggie dumplings and they are good too! My aunt and I are vegetarians so we always get an order or two of these while my parents and uncle chow down on some chicken noodle dish and those damn good smelling and looking soup dumplings.The service here is typical no nonsense no frills Chinese restaurant service. Quick, efficient, not unpleasant.
Great food. Left satisfied
They literally just expanded this place again and now the space is even bigger What does that mean wait time to sit down is nothing now !!ProsSoup dumpling - originals or crabPan fried noodlesScallion pancakes original or meatFree tea !!Cons You eat so much and then you see the bill It's not expensive but if you love to eat and have a deep stomach your going to spend 25 but you will have the best food ever !!!
I Loved this Dumpling House. Decent Food. Great traditional Dishes.
What is soupy, tasty, meaty, and awesome - their dumplings!!!!   This place had amazing food.  I went with EC and Jay and we ordered up a storm.  Jay had the most amazing soup with meat and noodles and also the pan fried noodles he had were the bomb!!!!  EC and I had seafood udon noodles which were only okay - the fish was the best part.  We also had turnip rolls and those dumplings.  Overall a really tasty experience - I will be going back!!!
Omg their bun is the best ever! I love it love it love it! Definitely recommend to anybody who wanna get some authentic chinese Shanghai xiao long bun!
Xiao long bao, xiaolong bao, xiaolong bao and spicy beef noodle soup. Wish there were more dishes to order here but why mess with greatness?Long waits, check. Harried waitstaff, check, cash only, check. Flushing parking, check.Net net, epic food at flushing prices. Can't remember joe's shanghai, it's been so long since this place came into my life.
Absolutely worth the wait. Enjoyed lunch here with a large group of friends. Soup dumplings, pancakes, dim sum, rice cakes, a variety of soups (among several others that we tried), everything was cooked and spiced to perfection. The soup dumplings were a treat.The seafood soup and the spicy beef dim sum were my two favorites. Rich broth and tender noodles in the soup and a wonderful spicy peanut dressing on the dim sum.The restaurant was packed on a Saturday, and we had to wait about 15 minutes (as promised), our wait staff was terrific and the many dishes we ordered delivered in nice succession allowing the meal to continue at a delicious pace.Would definitely come back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Very authentic place for Shanghai soup dumplings. Get the beef noodle broth and taro fritters. What a gem in the heart of flushing. Parking could e a problem so take public transportation.
Cheap, delicious soup dumplings. It doesn't get any better than that. They offer two types of soup dumplings - regular pork and pork + crab. I say, get one of each and go to town. I usually order a cold dish appetizer (I'd recommend the seaweed or the fried gluten) and a rice cake dish to go along with the dumplings. All this for ~$10 a person if you're with 2 or 3 friends.
Great food. Low price. Sometimes line can be long for big groups. One of the best Xiaolongbao places in NY
I haven't been to this dumpling house for awhile.  My cousin visiting from HK, naturally I want to take her to the best restaurant In the area.  What a disappointment!  The services were just terrible.  Customers standing by the door with plenty of empty tables inside.   Staff can't be bother.  It seems that they don't really need the business. Waiters need to call for everything, extra tea, plates, chopsticks etc.    Many other choices in the area.  Will not be going back to this one.
The soup dumplings here are a must!  Also try their noodle soups and the rice cake dishes.
I came for one thing and one thing only, their xiao long bao.  I ordered two portions of xioa long bao since I am allergic to crab.Well the xiao long bao was good it wasn't super amazing that I would come here for these.  They were not really a step above others.One thing I notice is that each order comes with six baos instead of the usual eight which was a little of a bummer for me.The reason why they got three stars was the horrible service.  I finished my tea before they even bought my order.  Then two waitress bought food and none of them offer to refill my drink.  Then I asked for hot sauce and one of them claim they would be back.  They never came back with my hot sauce.
I love soup dumplings - in particular, those from Joe's Shanghai (*NOTE* the Chinatown location is better and cheaper than the Midtown West location).  However, I keep worrying that perhaps Joe's Shanghai is a tourist trap, which has led me to believe I need to investigate other options.  So, on a cold Saturday night, I ventured all the way out to Flushing to try the pork and crab + pork soup dumplings at Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  Although I was very concerned by the "C" rating from the Health Department on the front door, I (perhaps stupidly) decided to try them anyway.  Man, what a let down.  Joe's Shanghai continues to rule supreme (for the dumplings, at least - I haven't tried any of the other items at either place).  The dumplings at Nan Xiang Dumpling House are not hot enough, the skin is far too thick, and the flavor is just so-so.  Everything about the dumplings at Joe's Shanghai is vastly superior.  Also, the hot tea at Joe's Shanghai is wonderful, whereas the tea here tasted so metallic that I felt as if it was numbing my throat.  I definitely would not trek all the way here again; in fact, I don't think I'd eat here again even if I was in the area already.
Pretty decent soup dumplings at wallet friendly prices! Their zha ziang mian is pretty good too, would come back from more!
My husband who isnt asian... went with my father and I for lunch.  He enjoyed his juicy buns and he enjoyed his apps... but this place I believe has expanded... Ive been to this place both when it was tiny tiny and bigger and each time we had to wait.. I guess juicy buns are in great demand!
My Chinese Immigrant ex-gf introduced me to this place...It's heavily frequented by asians as their main clientele but the dumplings are to die for and are infinitely better than Joe's Shanghai...The soup dumplings are soo good that it was worth me taking 40 minutes to get there from midtown manhattan.  The skin is delicate but the insides are juicy and until i learned how to properly eat them, i would make a mess...I miss this place since i live 700 miles away and have yet to find a place near me that makes it. So if you're on the fence, get here and order some goddamn soup dumplings.
Very nice soup dumplings, but not worth making the trip from Manhattan or Brooklyn just for them.  I think Joe's Shangai are probably just as delicious, and for me, closer.
Having a bad day? No worries, JUST STOP AND GET YOURSELF HERE. There's food-coma therapy, and then there's XIAO LONG BAO aka SOUP DUMPLING therapy. I was a long time believer that laughter is the best cure for any non-physical ailment. After coming to Nan Xiang Dumpling House, I stand corrected. These little mouthfuls of heaven must have been touched with some sort of divine healing elixir. Back in my college days, there was more than one night, where a few friends and I would rent a car and come out here just for these dumplings. If you're coming here, expect a wait. If you're driving in, drop the passengers off first to grab a table, while you go find parking (you'll have plenty of time). It's usually not too long; On average, it's usually a 25 minute wait for a table of 4. The place is designed for efficiency, nothing too fancy inside; you come here to eat. I tend to frequent this establishment with a certain snorlax-like friend. Our appetites combined...a force to be reckoned with. Appetizer-wise, our usual favorites are the scallion pancakes, spicy beef & tripe (my personal favorite), and Fried Shanghainese Udon Noodles. Then....WE GET TO STACKINGGG! I usually aim for 3 steamed tray fulls (there's 6 in each tray). If you're a light eater, I'd recommend anywhere from 6-12 (1-2 trays) soup dumplings. We usually get an even split of the crab flavored ones and the normal pork flavored ones. When I see our order of stacks being carried over by our waiter (so much respect for them, their faces are usually completely hidden by the stacked crates of soup dumplings, takes some real talent to know where they're walking), my eyes light up like Christmas lights. Before we found this place, I used to go with my family to Joe Shanghai for soup dumplings. Although they're not bad, the experience you have eating the ones here is completely different. EVERY SINGLE DUMPLING tastes as good as the first one, they possibly even get better... YOU CANNOT EXPLAIN THAT, IT IS SORCERY. At most other places, the first 5 or so will be delicious, but I tend to get rather tired of it sooner or later. Perhaps it's because these dumplings don't feel as heavy or taste as greasy? Bleh, can't explain the inexplicable... The only thing that will stop you from eating a thousand of these is that your stomach is sadly too small to contain them.Just as the dumplings get better with each bite... so will your day, I guarantee it! Quick tidbit: All the restaurants on this block are owned by the same owner. If you per chance visit any of his other establishments, you can kindly request for them to send over some soup dumplings as well. =]
Best soup dumpling spot in flushing actually in NYC! Other than that we really like the beef and chili peppers over noodles. It starts getting crowded before lunch especially on the weekends! Best time to go is either really early am or weeknight for dinner.
The food here was heaven...not sure what else I can say about it.  Just be prepared for a busy, somewhat loud experience when you get here but don't fret, the food will make all that go away. :)
This is one of those places that has gotten way too popular. I normally hate going to Flushing or Chinatown, but the xiao long bao here is just so good and everyone else likes it. The menu has typical Shanghai food like scallion pancakes and soup dumplings. Pretty much everyone I know will get these two along with something else. I normally only eat this and occasionally the deep fried buns, which are really good but also seem really unhealthy. I think that the food here is probably the best out of any Shanghainese place in the city, and is priced fairly reasonably.The main issue with this place is the wait. Even though I know NYC places can get crowded once they become popular, this has to be something else. I expect expensive places to have crowds like this, not some fairly cheap place in Flushing of all places. Every time I've come here there's always been a wait of at least 20 minutes. Normally I don't mind, but the space is so cramped that waiting for even small amounts of time is such a pain, with people constantly walking past you. If you can tolerate the wait, the food is definitely worth it. Just be prepared to wait a long time, even in the mid afternoon at 2pm or so.
"soup dumplings? on a cold day? gee willickers, that would rustle my jimmies!"I was foolish to think that just a steamed pork bun at a Chinese bakery would stop my raging appetite post-blood donation. to that end, it was time to consult the Yelp app to see what places in Flushing I needed to knock off my ever-growing bookmarks list. and it seems half my friends have been here......and so, our brave hero came to Nan Xiang, promptly seated at a table with a few random Asian teenagers and handed a cup of hot tea. an order of pork soup dumplings and a scallion pancake were ordered.the scallion pancake was crispy and fluffy. not the best one I've had, but pretty good (I think it was just the plain one...didn't taste any beef in it). the chili sauce on the table definitely helped, to be fair.the soup dumplings are, as you've probably gathered from other reviews, fantastic. the dough has the perfect consistency - tough enough to not break instantly, yet soft enough so you can be a vampire and drain them of the delicious broth inside. the meat was tender and flavorful. I'm sure the teenagers next to me were bewildered by my tenacity at attacking the soup dumplings. you get 6 with your order, and they're pretty hefty too.prices are alright - the whole meal cost $9.20. service was fairly fast. it seems that early afternoon on a weekday was the right time to go here, since it was busy but not packed.are they the best soup dumplings? I'm not sure - I'll need to do more "gastronomic investigation" to decide - but Nan Xiang is definitely high on the list for me at this point.
Dump him. Just dump him in the trash can and never look back. I know Joe meant a lot, he meant a lot to me too. His little soup dumplings, prime Chinatown location, celebrity on the wall fame... We had a good run. For a whole year I really thought he was the best in the area as well... But some things just aren't meant to be.The soup dumplings are better here, especially the crab one, you really feel like you are eating crab. Dumplings come a little bit slower... But I am ok with that. The appetizers are delicious: CUCUMBER WITH GAHH-LIC!! Marinated perfectly. Stir fried noodles were delicious. Scallion pancakes were minimally oily, delicious. Give yourself the strength to get to Flushing and realize what you have been missing in your heart and your stomach this entire time. It's never too late. Never too late.
Don't get me wrong. The food is amazing here. The only eyesore and frustration is the (fugly b*tch) cashier named "fei" (saw this on the receipt, not sure if that's her real unfortunate name). I'd never seen such horrendous service to a customer until tonight. She first told me In a rude tone to order everything at one time because she could only enter once; then she yelled at me for not using the "full name of the item" and for ordering things she already told me they ran out; then she asked me to enunciate each item (guess her hearing is compromised by her temper) and when I did she made fun of me. I don't live in Flushing, so I was here just for the food; otherwise I would have stormed out immediately. I just wanna say, "I know you may hate your life, but treat your customers well. You can't survive in the restaurant/service scene if you are a d ou che-bag. Period."
I have to agree with most reviews that this is THE BEST Xiao Long Bao place in NYC.This place is definitely WAY better than Joe Shanghai's!Been going for quite some time now and honestly the XLB are the only item on the menu that I actually really like but since this is what they are known for its gets them 4 stars in my book. All the other things I've tried are average and tend to be on the greasy side. They took over and renovated the adjoining restaurant some months ago so there is almost double the seating now so waiting isn't as long as before. Still the restaurant feels really cramped since they squeeze in as many tables and chairs as possible. Servers are often forgetful and unapologetic when you've asked for something for the 10th time.
After having a terrible craving for soup dumplings, I decided to trek to Main street and try this place. I don't know why I was surprised to find that they only accepted cash but as usual I didn't have any on me and was forced to walk back a few blocks and use the ATM. Since my craving was strong, I didn't mind going back because I was sure that these dumplings were going to be worth it. Cash in hand, I enter the restaurant and put in my order for sesame pancakes, veggie dumplings, pork dumplings, and the crispy chicken noodle. The pancake and noodles came out sporadically and they were both pretty good. The sesame pancake was phenomenal and on several occasions I've day dreamed about them. The noodles were decent but they were swimming in sauce. It was just way too much for me but I still enjoyed it. I paced myself with these items because I was still waiting for my dumplings. I waited and waited and waited and politely asked a few servers about the status of my order but nothing came. Every table around me got their dumplings and all of them had arrived after me. Finally after asking for the 1000th time, I got my order....cold. It was frustrating and disappointing. They waitress apologized and said the order got lost but to be honest, it was really a big let down. The "soup" part of the dumpling had already disappeared and I could only eat 1 and let the rest go. I really really wanted to love this place. I overlooked the cash only thing, the sporadic arrival of my food, and the long wait because I really wanted to savor the broth in the dumplings but I wasn't able to. This place was good over all but the bad experience has made it so I will not return.
This place's food is pretty good, totally recommended, but be aware!!!! Since they're really busy their service might not be the best one you'll experience! But definitely go for the food!!!!!
First place I had ever been to in flushing. Great place with very good pricing.The food was so cheap and so tasty that our group ordered maybe 6 dishes for only 3 people.We of course got the famous Xiao long Bao and it was delicious. We also had some beef wrapped in scallion pancakes which was also great. However for some it may be a bit too flavorful with the sauce but for me it was great.Service was pretty decent considering how cheap the food was. Would def go again. Top places in Flushing.
When you see a line that is always a sure sign you find the place to be. Combine this line with the rave reviews that total a four star average from 1200 yelper a and you start to set some expectations. I have to admit when we saw a "c" health inspection rating form the window, I was hesitant to continue waiting....I still had the latest news of violations that closed Joe's still fresh on the brain. After hemming and hawing, we decided to risk it. Our wait was probably a solid 49 minutes on a Saturday. Once we were seated we quickly ordered crispy noodles with chicken, the pork soup dumplings and sliced beef scallion pancake. Everything was really really good. I wish there was a side of rice I could have ordered for the noodles as the sauce was a tad salty for me to eat alone-but the flavors were really full and delicious. The pancake was crispy and we loved how the dumplings were so juicy! We also appreciated that they were so accommodating to our Requests. I wish our server could have stopped by a few times, but thy were prompt to address is if we flagged them down. I totally agree the food is on par or even better than some really well known names-and really appreciate the treasure this hole in the wall embodies. The touches were so cheap our bill for the three dishes came out to be about 29 bucks- and we were full. Well worth the trip to queens and glad we got to try it. Now if only their safetyInspection rating can get back up to an a....
I've never had soup dumplings before and I'm in love! I came here on a Thursday night around 11pm. We placed an order for the dumplings and the spicy beef tendon. I'm not a great fan of cold meat dishes but I tried it and the flavor was good. The pork and crab dumplings will be on my list of top ten favorite things. I added a little vinegar and pepper and it was amazing! Can't wait to bring my dad here when he comes to visit!!! There are Michelin guide ratings in the window for good reason. Coming here is a MUST!!!
Best southern style noodles, fried dumplings, fried rice cakes place. They have most common southern style Chinese breakfast. The xiao long bao is not the best in my opinion since I been to nan Xiang and had xiao long bao there. It's pretty good but not authentic enough. The fried rice cake and Fried dumplings are really good.
My absolute favorite place to get soup dumplings. I always get the pork over the crab (not a big fan of the crab flavor). There is plenty of soup in each dumpling, which i enjoy, and though there isn't too much flavor in the pork, a little bit of soy sauce can fix that. After I am full, there is something about it that leaves me craving for more.This place is cash only and does get very busy so unless you come at off peak hours, don't come on an empty stomach.
As different as this place is from the shanghai counterpart, the food, where it matters, is identical. I don't know if the Nan Xiang here is at all related to the tourist trap in Shanghai that caters nearly exclusively to domestic and Japanese tourists. Everyone here seemed to be from New York, but it begs you to order its soup dumplings in the same way.Right in the middle of the dining area is the kitchen where they hand roll the skins and hand stuff the filling, assembly line style. The product is as good as you would expect fresh, made from scratch dumplings to taste. Soup dumplings (XLB) are not my favorite food in the world, and I think maybe they're a bit over-scrutinized. I visited Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown in the same trip and I really couldn't tell the difference. I much prefer the no-nonsense attitude here though. There's no pretending to be a restaurant going on; it's XLB and small dishes only.
I stumbled in this place after having walked around a nearby neighborhood and used Yelp's nearby search for some decent Chinese food. My only regret is that I came here with my kosher husband with whom I feel super guilty eating shellfish in front of, so I made the super, super stupid mistake of NOT ORDERING ANY DUMPLINGS. Well, if they had a sole crab meat one, I could have, but almost all their dumplings had pork in them and I wasn't in the mood to go vegetarian. Stop staring and give me hug. I need one. I gave up pork back in May, I'm still traumatized.Instead, he got a seafood noodle soup and I waited forever (and ever, and ever) for rice cake with beef shredded chicken (what kind of idiot orders a rice cake dish at a restaurant does dumplings?). The rice cakes were a disappointment and by the time I finished, I wasn't hungry to try anything else. The 3-star rating is for their non-dumpling food, but based on what I smelled and what everyone else ordered, I'm sure the star rating would go up if I'd ordered dumplings. Service is as most people mentioned, pretty laissez-faire / borderline rude/we don't care about you. I hope to return.
A casual fast food house serving soup dumplings that are second to none.  Other food choices to satisfy your culinary desire for Shanghai-like delicacies are scallion pancakes and pan fried udon. Try the cold dished fried bean gluten and give your palate a jolt with the spicy beef and tripe.  Come to eat but don't expect to be pampered.  Cash only.
My experience with soup dumplings is limited. It's pretty much just Shangai Cafe for me, which I happen to be very fond of. I'm almost never in Flushing so I don't get to be treated to deliciousness like this too often.I won some cool points with my friend for knowing how to eat these (and get them out of the steamer) without breaking them. It's not that hard, honestly. I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been said. They're wonderfully made, full of delicious soupy goodness, and worth every penny. The service could stand to be a bit more attentive, though. I've never seen staff so reluctant to take money. Then, when my friend took some of the leftover dumplings to go, they were literally tossed on the table. Not cool. It's 3 star service of 5 star dumplings. If I were in Flushing, I'd grab some, but you won't find me trekking out here from Brooklyn too often.
Everything's made fresh to order! Can't get any better than that! The food is amazingly delicious! Can I be anymore excited about this place? No! It's that good. Trust me. You have to go!!!!I had their xiao long bao and fresh-made soy milk. Let's just say I was in a really happy place after that :DOne note though..it gets crowded really fast so go early or during off times.
nice dumplings, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it.  Their noodle dish was average.  Scallion pancakes were doughy and a bit greasy.
Tasty, much better than Joe's but I'm not sure it's worth the one hour wait (20 min to get seated, 30+ min to cook the buns??).  The lady told us order fast and eat fast but she was nice in checking on my to go order.  It is overwhelmingly inefficient in that place.  There are three areas of seating but just a 10x10 kitchen!
After a surprisingly short wait (around 10 minutes) during the Sunday lunch crunch, we were seated at a table for 2. Immediately ordered:+Shanghai style noodles with seafood (yum - a large plate for $10)+Scallion pancake with beef (the best thing we had - chewy, saucy, just the right amount of beef)+XLB pork+XLB pork & crab+warm soy milk bowl (what's not to like?)The XLB were OK, not great, not amazing. The skin is on the thicker side, and while there's a TON of soup in the dumplings, it isn't very flavorful - and neither is the meat. I usually scarf down a pan by myself before slowing down, but with the XLB here, I was done after just a few. I wouldn't go out of the way to have these. Service is efficient but pleasant (and we did not speak any Chinese). Parking's painful but there's a few garages a block or two away (apart from the small municipal lot) that are pretty inexpensive ($6 for 2 hours).
3.5 The XLBs were good, but not the best I've had. Sliced pig ear was mediocre - needed more seasoning. Salted soy milk was actually really good, probably the thing I liked the most here.Overall, I'm not sure I would trek all the way out here again for this place.
The most stupid waiter & the slowest service I ever had in my whole life. The server even judged my BF & my behaviors?! Are u kidding me? The quality of their Soup dumplings are even getting worse and worse with every time I went there. U can also find very authentic and good soup dumplings in other places in this city anyway, why u still need to go to this place to tolerate the most arrogant waiter & the slowest service?!
Most of the negative reviews here are from non asians!! Come on really??? What do they know about chinese/asian food?? Nina R doesnt even know what shes talking about when it comes to soup dumplings! Lol
Very poor attitude. We went in and told them how many we have, they just said wait a bit, but actually it's all full and no table available.The bitch at the front is so shit face the whole time. But the other side of the restaurant was all empty, maybe they're famous now so they don't mind not doing more business? Opening another table is too troublesome? Then that's fine, we don't need to go there anymore.
Service was bad from the moment we walked in. They took about 5 minutes to clean off empty tables to seat us after the lunch rush. The waiter only filled 2 out of 3 cups. The waiter failed to write down our order and hence forgot half of it. I rarely give 0 tip, but this was one case that 0 was deserved.Even if basing the review on the food quality alone, i would rate it below average compare to equivalent restaurants that i have had in Los Angeles (my town). The soy milk tasted a little bit more above warm water. There was no flavor in the soup of the siu long bao. Not much flavor in the beef pancake either.
I came here and ordered 4 things:Salty soybean milkI ordered the salty soybean milk to try it after reading the reviews on here. Gross. I had no idea what was in it.  I tried to eat it and it was okay, but I found something that looked like a hair.  I asked the waitress to take a look and she said it was shrimp hair.  She wouldn't take it back.  I guess I should have done my research to know that the salty soy was listed under breakfast and would contain shrimp.  I don't care what it is, but it killed my appetite.  I should have known. Most American restaurants would take stuff back even if it wasn't a human hair just as a gesture of good faith, but I had a waiter at another restaurant say that the worm found in my spinach was edible - this restaurant is no different. Spicy wonton - This was like dumplings that sat in a bowl full of spicy sesame oil and peanut sauce.  It was like Satay sauce. Okay, but it wasn't very appetizing.Pan friend Udon - this was okay, but still not that good. Soup dumplings - okay, but not as piping hot and good as Joe Shanghai'sJoe Shanghai's is still king in my book.
I love soup dumpling, and raccomend to take scallion pancake you will not regret !!!!You will love
Truly delicious soup dumplings. Two people can pig out for a total of $20 + tip. If you're new to this world, eating here can get confusing. So a few suggestions...For starters, we went yesterday -- Saturday -- and dreaded waiting on line. But we got there at about 3:30 and were seated within 15 minutes. By 4 p.m., the tables were turning over at 5-minute intervals. Remember, this place is cash only!Now, the food....The soup dumplings are listed as "dim sum." The top picks are either  pork or pork-and-crabmeat. You don't need to taste both. One type is enough. If you're not allergic to shellfish, the crabmeat version has a little more flavor. And for two people, one order can be enough; there's tons of other stuff to eat here. The soy milk soups are hot broths that are slightly coagulated -- on their way to becoming tofu but not that dense yet.  We had one bowl of the salty-savory version, which was great. Next time, will try a sweet one.The scallion pancakes are like none I've ever had. They're fried to a golden crispy crust; would be very tasty with a side dish. Watching the Chinese couple next to me, I know how I would eat here next time. For two people, I'd do a soy milk soup, the scallion pancakes, a noodle dish, one order of pork-and-crabmeat dumplings. At several tables filled with Chinese diners, I noticed a certain-sized bowl. When I asked the waitress what these people were having, she said it was the chicken soup. So we'll try that next time too.
Apparently there is a East Coast, West Coast rivalry thing going on here between Nan Xiang and Joe Shanghai. I hate to say it but when it comes to Soup Dumplings, Nan Xiang wins it hands down in my opinion. The skin is thinner and the soup is lighter and much cleaner tasting. The only problem is... I did not enjoy anything else that i tried here. I came here a few times and got the items that i usually order at other restaurants and did not enjoy any of them. Ugh! How i wish i could find something else that i really enjoy so that i can keep coming here and have more than just soup dumplings. but yeah that was not the case.
Juicy xiao long (don't you toss out a generic term for a specific food), thin skin, relatively fast (despite barely minimum) service.  Xiao long is satisfying for the craving, although the flavor is not exactly what you would get in Shanghai or Wu Xi due to the regulatory requirements for meat products.Be aware of the greasy soup in the xiao long in terms of temperature (burningly hot), and calories (Jan. is still the month to implement the new year resolution).  Drink up the dipping sauce to off set the grease, and the slices of ginger is pretty tasty and healthy too!Bon Appetite~
Their dumplings are perfectly made. The dough is firm enough to hold the meat and juices but soft enough to just pierce and dump in the vinegar sauce.Beef noodle soup was absolutely wonderful! Noodles were soft and chewy. Broth was very flavorful!Fresh soybean drink was smooth. It help cut the richness from the dumplings and beef noodle soup.Also had pickled cucumbers which were so delicious and refreshing!
The food is terrific, I absolutely love the lobster BLT.  So it pains me to complain but I felt compelled after my experience at Madison Square Park EATS.  I made a beeline for the Lobster Pound stand and found the menu listing the BLT at $12, up from the $10 it was just last fall. Sucks but not the worst thing ever, prices rise.  But once I was charged for it, the server said it was $13.06.  That was ugly. The hidden charge for tax plus it being a crooked number added four dollars to the mental experience, since I was expecting it to be 10.   The .06 essentially makes it 14 because who wants to carry 94 cents and what can you do with it anyway?  Tell me what it costs and I'll pay, don't trick me which makes me feel you are trying to take advantage and pull a fast one over on me (and other customers). The disingenuous nature of nickel and dime philosophy left the proverbial bad taste in my mouth.  Which doesn't supersede the great taste of the food however it definitely will preclude me from being a repeat customer and will mean when next time comes, I only get one.Adding to the unpleasant service was when I called the Brooklyn location hoping to express my feedback, I got voicemail saying they'd love to speak with me but were too busy.Don't get too big for your britches there, Lobster Pound.  You have begun driving away a huge fan.
Authentic and satisfying.Good food at a fair price. Comfortable seating when it is not crowded.The food here meets my expectations of a traditional meal. Give them a try.
I really, really, really wanted to love this place. I've heard so many good things about this place, so I came here expecting xiao long bao that would blow me out of my mind, but I was very disappointed. It wasn't that it was bad, but it wasn't anything really special either. Heck, I think Joe's Shangai's XLB was better (back in the day... now it's just... bleh). Maybe it was just a bad day for them, maybe not. But I couldn't really see what the hype about this place was.The service is anywhere from meh to none. What do you expect from a place run by Chinese people? The waiter forgot to serve us tea until about 10 minutes after we ordered. I guess one good thing about this place is that I didn't feel rushed, even though there was a super long line outside the restaurant. Anyways, the rest of the things we ordered were pretty decent. Nothing mind-blowing though. Heck, I don't really see the difference between the food served here and other places in Flushing. I might come back another time to try their XLB again, but it probably won't be soon.
I had another great meal here today, maybe the best yet. They've opened up another dining room to the right, so there's more space and less of a wait. We also got a good table with plenty of space. I didn't feel crammed like I sometimes do. It's also nice to get hot tea poured right away after coming in from the rainy cold.The food was superb as usual. Consistency is the major strength of this place. We ordered pork soup dumplings, shao mai, vegetable noodle soup, and beef and scallion pancake. The pork soup dumplings have a delicious, distinct salty and savory flavor. The shao mai are filled with a sticky rice mixture and are heartier than I expected. The vegetable noodle soup is probably the best soup you can get here because it's just chock full of vegetables like bok choy, several kinds of mushroom, sliced bean curd, etc. The beef and scallion pancake is crispy and flavorful, made complete with a mouthwatering, sweet and savory hoisin sauce.The two factors keeping this place from a perfect score are the service and the cleanliness, though neither are so miserable to warrant a poor rating. The first thing you're likely to notice here is that your table is wet or sticky, or that there are crumbs or other little morsels hanging out on your table. I understand that it's a very popular restaurant, but I think most people wouldn't mind waiting another 10 seconds so that their tables can be properly cleaned before they're seated. This has been a problem every time I've gone. The other recurring problem is that it's hard to get the attention of the servers, especially when trying to get the check. By the time we were ready to leave today, the restaurant was half empty, and the servers were doing small tasks in the kitchen area. Even when one of them came out to do something, they never even looked my way for almost 10 minutes. We also never got a tea refill the entire time until we asked for it with the check. I also get the impression that the servers are usually in a bad mood by the manner in which they talk to us and drop the plates on the table while looking elsewhere. Improvements in these areas would make for a stellar restaurant, though I guess they have little incentive to improve since they're so popular and operating over capacity almost every day.Since the food is so cheap and consistently delicious, I'm likely to keep coming back here again and again when I go out to Flushing. Nan Xiang is worth the trip.
The soup dumplings were above average and the house special rice cake tasted decent. The waiters speak extremely poor English (it was a point on the menu to order kind of situation). Restaurant is extremely dirty.Try Joe Shanghai down the block instead. Will probably not be back.
Extremely disappointed. I've been here a couple times over the years and it's always been good. However, I went here today for lunch, waited about 20 min for 2. We ordered garlic cucumber, seafood crispy noodle, 2 crab meat soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The garlic cucumber was limp and did not taste fresh. The seafood crispy noodle was not crispy and looked severely undercooked compared to our neighbors which came out at the same time. The scallion pancakes were good I guess but missing sauce. I've been waiting for the past hour for soup dumpling. We finished all our food and we are full, but we came here for soup dumplings. I cancelled 1 order and got an attitude from the waitress about it. There was very poor communication involved (not language barrier related).They keep telling us it's almost done, but we have been here for over an hour. I'm used to my soup dumplings I guess I'll just go to Joe's Shanghai next time. Tldr; soup dumplings took over an hour to come out and now I'm full and sad and full of sadness
Great food !!!! Huge portions and So inexpensive. Parking sucks since it is in flushing but it's worth it. I will definitely be going back soon.
Well, I finally went back but this time around, food was just ok.  We got scallion pancake with beef, shu mai, vegetable dumplings which I didn't care for at all. We also got soup dumpling as last time and cucumber abs garlic. I love the latter dish, in fact, that was the best of all. I think I overrated this place last time!
Wow, they've engulfed their neighbors' storefronts and have now tripled their original capacity. And yet you're still gonna wait for your soup dumplings. Do it. It's worth the wait.I like to show up before 10am on Saturdays and order my soup dumplings before the waitress can ask. They take some time but due to the expected turnover, it isn't "made to order" per se. On a real busy day, you may wait about 15 minutes for your dumplings, but if you catch them early enough, you'll snag yours in 5.What else is good here? Well, everything else is circumstancial, but done right.  You'll enjoy their potsticker dumplings and their scallion pancakes.
Overrated place.  The Xiaolongbao isn't from Shanghai.The wonton soup is used to be good but now it's average.3 star fair.  If you ever had the real wonton and Xiaolongbao, you may rate it two.
Best in town. Home taste. Especially the salt soya milk. totally reminds me of Shanghai.
I have come here about three times now, twice for take out and once to dine in. Every time has been awesome. Staff is really friendly, food is great. The scallion pancakes should come with a different sauce though, it normally (everywhere else I've been) has come with a little sweeter sauce or something not the same sauce for the buns. Also parking is a bit difficult but all in all great place! Glad I found them!
the soup dumpling is still pretty good, we always order the regular one, and the vegetable one is good too. we tried their noodles, was ok; the breakfast menu is more tasty. salty soy milk, and beef pancake is good.
Not a fan. The cook wasn't from Shanghai. Really lots of people, I have very mediocre service.   The server kind of pushed me and my friend. The food was ok. Won't come back. A taste of Shanghai right situated the Sheraton Hotel was way better than this.
Great xiao long bao, as everyone else has noted. They are definitely larger than usual, and don't fall apart too easily. The soup is also very very soothing and the meat is soft and flavorful. The skin isn't hard and tough like it can be in other xiao long bao I've had. The other stuff is okay too. I've had the scallion pancake and the soup noodles there. The pancake was kind of dry, though I might have just felt that because I really wasn't very hungry that day and didn't feel like eating. The vegetable soup noodles were good, although the soup was on the oily side There also weren't that many noodles (mostly soup, which I barely touched). Service is very good, they actually filled up my tea! A bit pricey for Flushing-- expect to spend more than 10 dollars for lunch, not including tip, and they even charge tax! I guess you could just do one order of xiao long bao for a meal (6 pieces), which, in retrospect probably isn't a bad idea since I was pretty satisfied already by the time I was done with those-- they really are pretty big. I've seen people just order that and some soy milk as a meal.
Delicious: Spicy beef tendon, spicy beef tripe, sweet hot soy milk, udon stir fry, crab meat soup dumplings reign over the pork soup dumplings.  Good value.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Flushing. I have no complaints about this place. It's small but we never have to wait for a table woot! Their Shanghai dumplings are amazingly good! I think you only get 6 pieces when most places serve 8, so I advise you to order x2! It comes out steamy hot be careful. How to handle the Shanghai dumplings:1. Using the tongs gently place a dumpling on a spoon.2. Poke it with your chopsticks, fork, whatever you can find to avoid burning yourself.3. Allow the soup to flow onto the spoon.4. Blow to cool and drink soup.5. Add vinegar using the tiny spoon that comes with the vinegar to the dumpling.6. Now enjoy the remainder of the dumpling.Also, their beef pancakes are delicious! Take my word and try it! The way they make the pancake is very different from most places, not the thick flour type of bread you get, and rather it is thinner and crispy. The soymilk is great here too, very refreshing. I've tried many of their noodles and rice cake dishes and it was always consistently good. I really like their pan-fried noodles. You really can't go wrong with any item on the menu.
All the food was great, especially the soup dumplings! The people there were polite and there wasn't much to complain about. Would definally recommend going there if you havent already!
They must have had an off day when i went cuz i did not enjoy my meal or the service.We ordered 5 xlb, 3 of which were placed in front of me/hubby and a friend at a table. We had a bunch of kids with us so needless to say we were distracted. I see the tall waiter check each holder then grab all three bamboo holders and leave. I asked the guys if we finished all of them and they said no so about 3 min later, we see the waiter casually stroll back out with an order of xlb, offering it to another table? they shook their heads and my friend went up to him and called him out in front of the entire rest saying that the full order that was completely untouched was OURS. what a shady mofo...not sure what he was trying to do. We also ordered jellyfish (its different than your avg jellyfish so i liked it - one star for that), spicy beef/tripe which i heard was good and scallion pancake which was also just OK. one of the kids thought it was a cheese sandwich! LoLWe also got seafood fried noodles (the one at Joe's is def more LEGIT than the plate i was presented with). their noodles (in canto: "leurng meen wong") isn't supposed to be the same noodles as pan fried noodles, it should look like fried longevity noodles. Also, their seafood only consisted of fish and shrimp. Where the squid and scallops at man? CHEAPOS! Their chicken rice cakes were also just OK. i was scrounging around for the chicken pieces to feed my son and probably only found 5 at most. And they were the size of mini cheez doodles. sad.We also ordered a shanghai noodle but i guess i can't comment on that since my order wasn't placed and food never arrived. blah =o/
You know you can't be Asian and not love dumplings "with soup."  When I realized how  close we were to this dumpling house from New York Hall of Science I got very excited. We were on a mission to get here. And we arrived hungry, cold, and famished. We were very happy to be promptly served with hot tea. Very welcomed on a cold, windy day!!!  Next, I couldn't resist and basically ordered one of everything. My son remarked how much we were ordering and I said, "no fear- it will be consumed!"  And we did!!! We had between the three of us 1 order of pork dumpling w soup, 1 order of crab/pork dumpling, vegetable dumpling, vegetable noodle soup, wonton vegetable soup, scallion pancakes and an order of edamame/tofu/mustard greens. It was all mouth watering delicious. All the dishes were memorable. Although I do want to especially mention the vegetable noodle soup which for $5.95 I was not expecting much. What came was a giant bowl of filled with noodles, vegetables, and the stock flavorful, tasting like mushroom. That in itself was plenty as a meal. Needless to say we walked away as happy customers and I'm pretty sure a few pounds heavier from all the good eating!!!
Our go to food place for late hours -- specifically when driving here late from the Woodbury Outlets. Opening late is a plus. Food is quite good and yes it is still definitely worth all the way here just for this food.
God, has this place come a long way. I've been coming here for years, and the transformation has been astounding.The Soup Dumplings are of course the star. They're far better than the ones at Joe Shanghai, and are made fresh right in front of the store. The noodles aren't bad here either, and the portion is generous.Nan Xiang is as famous for its Soup Dumplings as it is for its service. Before its expansion, the service was rushed and rude. It's gotten better since then, with less stress resulting form the larger restaurant. However, waiters are still hard to flag down for orders, waters, napkins, and whatever else. However, I'd still choose this spot for Soup Dumplings every day of the week.
Comparatively one of the best soup dumpling restaurants in Flushing since the declining authenticity of the once favored Joe's Shanghai. These handmade soup dumplings are flavorful and taste very fresh. Service is mediocre but the quality of food makes up for that downside. Overall, a restaurant that is reliable in taste.
most stuff are greasy and make you gain weight easily, if you don't want to get acid reflux, try to avoid this place.
The soup dumpling was good. I was not satisfied with the service there was only like 12 customers in the store but they didn't seat us and so we seated ourselves and after we sat down the wait staff told us to move down. The price was reasonable.
This place is rather popular, My friends and I had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. It's like trying to get into an elite club in Vegas. But the wait was well worth it. We started off with the cucumber salad. It was so refreshing and perfect for the summer. I like how it had tons of garlic and cilantro. It's actually my favorite diet food. The stir fried udon with beef was full of "wok hei (fire from the wok)," although a bit too greasy. It took a while for them to bring out the soup dumplings, so we ordered some beef and tripe to curb our hunger. One of my friend's had no clue what tripe was, so I told her to try it first before I revealed the truth to her. She loved it so much that she forgot to ask what it was. I guess there was no need for me to say anything. The dish spoke for itself. Then finally the soup dumplings arrived. Omg! They were pipping hot from the steamer and full of juiciness. These dumplings are much better than Joe's Shanghai. Joe's dumplings are way too salty and Nan Xiang's is just more flavorful and sweet. I'm giving this place 4 stars because I've been spoiled by the real soup dumplings in Shanghai. But these are the best that I've tried in the US so far. There is definitely some room for improvement. The skin needs to be more thin and translucent. Also, the dumplings need to be served much quicker. But for a total of $43 and a party of five, this place is the best bang for your buck!
A bit of a wait, but the soup dumplings are worth it!
After reading all of the yelp reviews and the long lines/hype surrounding their dumplings- I have to say I was extremely disappointed. We stopped in for a late brunch Saturday afternoon around 2pm. There was still a wait of approx 5-10 mins for a party of 2. That being said, the soup dumplings themselves were the most disappointing. Even though, admittedly, they do have more soup than any other soup dumplings I've had including Joe's Shanghai- that does not necessarily qualify them as better in my opinion. The soup was honestly a bit too much for my liking. The over-abundance of soup mixed with the too thin wrapping left most of the soup gone to waste as it spilled out of my spoon. The flavor of the meat filling also lacked taste. The crab ones at least had the upside of real crab meat which improved the taste slightly, but the plain pork ones were just awful.I would rather go to Joe's Shanghai or my absolute favorite (Shanghai Café). Definitely not worth the hassle of trecking out to Flushing for this.
XLB was very good. Not as fatty or salty as the place in Jersey where I usually get my fix. We also had the scallion pancake with sliced beef, and though it was very good, I think the beef gave it a sweetness that I wasn't ready for. I prefer my scallion pancake the Americanized way, with a salty, vinegary dipping sauce. Finally, the fried noodles with chicken were excellent. I really enjoyed the texture, as typical Chinese noodles (lo mein, mei fun, etc) are too soft as a dish. I would order this in place of my usual noodle dish IF it was available at the local Chinese joint, but it's not.Only downside, it's in Flushing. Going to have to wait for long pauses in Asian food and convince my husband to come here on our way to the beach!
Nan Shian is that restaurant in Flushing that always seems to be packed. Whether you pass by during lunchtime on a Saturday or dinner time on a Wednesday, there always seems to be a group of people waiting outside for a table. Just taking a quick glance in the window, you can see that this restaurant is the place to be and lucky for all of us, they've finally expanded into two dining rooms! More soup dumpling goodness to go around. Nan Shian has the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in all of Flushing. Trust me, I've tried a fair number of places that serve this delicious Shanghainese staple and Nan Shian does it best. The soup dumplings are plump and full of the wonderfully savory, rich, flavorful, fatty soup. They're best eaten hot so dig in once the server places the bamboo steamer in front of you. Be careful not to burn yo'self! Also, service is a bit slow here so the best thing to do is check out the menu while you're waiting for a table and order once you sit down so you won't delay soup dumpling satisfaction any longer than you have to. The scallion pancakes are very good as well as the beef wrapped scallion pancake. Yum! I've also had the rice cakes here, but I didn't enjoy it that much because the rice cakes were a bit undercooked. (though I'm a bit biased... my momma makes the best rice cakes). You'll get the most for your money at Nan Shian. Come with an empty stomach and be ready to feast!
Came on a Saturday around 1PM, I think we waited for about 20 minutes for a party of 3. TOTALLY worth it. Here's what we had worth mentioning and what you should order: Steamed Pork Buns (6) for $6.50, Turnip Puff (4) for $3.50, and Bean Curd and Minced Vegetables Cold Dish appetizer for $4.50.The steamed pork buns are essentially xiao long baos aka XLB. However, the XL should really stand for XTRA LARGE. These babies are so large, they spill over your soup spoon (not unlike a muffin top). The skin is so soft and completely cooked through. There was so much delicious soup inside, I needed two sips to keep any of it from spilling out!I'm also a sucker for pastries, and the turnip puff was perfectly golden on the outside, cripsy and flaky. What I wouldn't have given to try the red bean puff too!The bean curd and minced vegetables appetizer is refreshing against the hot and steamy bun. Don't get the seaweed, too salty :(
Awesome xiao long bao, excellent service.  For me, its the best place to bring my family for Sunday breakfast.  Come before 9 am on Sunday though, it get packed...
Maybe one of the best soup dumpling place in flushing.  Tried most of the cold dishes n it's pretty good. Expect to wait along time for tables..
I recently took a soup dumpling tour of Flushing, and Nan Xiang was my first stop. It's a relatively small place, but we were seated immediately. The staff was very helpful and friendly and our order came out promptly- they certainly know why people come there! We got an order of the regular pork XLB and the crabmeat and pork XLB, and of the two the regular pork had a much more flavorful broth and overall had more meat. The crabmeat was hardly noticeable under the flavor of the pork, but it was still tasty. Nice portions, too- I think there were 6 dumplings per order. The prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere was casual. Definitely worth a stop in!
This restaurant is always busy, and the quality of the food is always great. This is one of the greatest soup dumpling places that I have ever been to, and it's a great date place. None of the food there is overpriced.
This place did not disappoint.  The soup dumplings are delicious, and I was impressed by everything else we ordered, too.  The rice cake dishes are excellent and the scallion pancakes with beef was AMAZING.
Everyone that has been in flushing before knows about this spot.  Not only can you get the classics like hot soy bean milk and the doughnut at anytime,  you also get creative unique dishes like the beef wrapped in scallion pancake drizzled with peking duck sauce.... Mmmmmm! The soup buns are amazing and come in either pork or half crab, half pork.  The one thing that really stood out was the texture of the actual bun in the soup bun.  It kept the soup nice and warm and never got soggy and flimsy.  A must try for anyone!
Ordered both kinds of XLB, pork only and crab and pork ones.  Both were amazing, flavorful, soupy with perfect dough texture and thickness. The noodle soups however, while not bad by any means, were just not up to par flavor wise as the XLB, the broth was a bit weak in depth.I'll just stick to their steamed buns next time.
Ordered soup dumpling and pancake to go. Heated in the microwave and it was still very tasty! Love it! Can't stop eating.
Definitely one of the best soup dumplings spots in NYC.  Place gets very busy, very fast so come early or come when it's not the dinner/lunch rush.  They will prepare the dumplings as you order, so there will be a wait.  You can see the ladies making the dumplings as you come in.  Order more than you think you want, because the wait would be too long for a second round.
Soup dumplings????  YES PLEASE.  I don't know what else they have there, but I do know that they make some REAL. AMAZING. Soup dumplings.  If your a fan and find yourself in the area I would wait on line and get yourself an order, or two, or even three!!
1 Crab 1 Pork please! J and I DO NOT share our soup dumplings! They have a much cleaner tasting..sweeter...soup dumplings than joes shanghai BUT  they give you 2 less...but I have no where else to go to curb my frequent soup dumpling cravings now that joes shanghai and I said our fare wells. My only complaint is that you really have be careful when placing those delicate dumplings on the spoon...they pop so easily here!They have less variety of food to order from than other chinese restaurants but we always order the same thing anyway. 4 stars JUST FOR  the dumplings and crispy noodle! Make sure you ask for CRISPY NOODLE...we asked for pan fried noodles out of habit  and ended up with pan fried udon noodles. It was good, just not what we were expecting. I feel like there isn't enough food to choose from or it's just not that great... the noodle soup that everyone in the restaurant seems to order is not good...the soup is not flavorful. Beef tendon& tripe was nice and spicy but left a weird bitter numbing  tingly after taste in the mouth, maybe it was just that day or maybe its normal?...but I'm afraid to try it again. Too bad... the flavors were good.I'm glad they made the space bigger even though they still get packed...more tables to be turned! You know it...CASH ONLY
I highly recommend Nan Xiang Dumpling house, The food and the service is great!
Disappointed by their service and food quality . Came here on a rainy day. Greeted by waitresses that clearly don't like their job. Had to switch tables twice bc she doesn't understand some people just don't like to be sitting next to others when there's an entire restaurant of empty tables. They slap the pot of tea down in misery and never came by to ask again if I would be interested in ordering something. I order the salted cabbage pork noodle soup. It came in with full bowl of oily soup broth. No parsley or scallion greens for garnish. Noodle soup tasted full of msg. The two stars is for the handmade noodles that's it! Dumplings was another disappointment. Thick in skin and crab meat tasted crabby. Nothing like a taste of Shanghai. I would save my $ and drive 10 minutes down Kissena Blvd to Yu Garden for worthy service and food quality.
This place is always always busy...even at 10:30AM! Luckily, the wait was never long. They will give you a number and have you wait by the front or outside. Just pay attention to what number you are, because the wait staff confuse each other, which is very funny. The waiters are super busy. Place your order and if they come back make sure you ask for everything and anything you need. I've been here twice and the dishes are very good and very fresh. They are smaller than average dishes, you don't really get a plate's worth of food. And like most Chinese cuisines, lots of stir fry & oil. The popular soup dumplings are very soupy, and imo, not as hot as other soup dumplings. The skin is a little thicker than how I would like it, but the meat is very good. The pan fried dumpling buns are also very tasty.
A Chinese friend took me here because it's where her family used to go when she was small. We went about 8pm on a rainy Sunday night and got parking in the municipal lot across the street.  The restaurant was almost empty and we got seated immediately. They give you a pot of tea when you sit down.I let her order everything (most of which I would not have ordered by myself)  and we had xiao long bao (which they call "steamed crabmeat and pork buns" on the menu), and the fried bean gluten (which sounded absolutely awful but)  was, next to the dumplings, the most delicious dish we had. They didn't have any jelly fish that night, but we also ordered the scallion pancakes and a noodle/scallion (Noodle with scallion sauce??) dish that was in light brown oil.  The noodles were too oily and not flavorful to me. The scallion pancake was also mild and not as flavorful as I had expected. It was more like an omelette than a pancake. I've found I often like new foods better the second time I try them so I would try this again now that I know what to expect.  The xiao long bao were wonderful and I enjoyed the delicacy of the noodle wrapper and the delicious broth and meat inside. They serve them with shredded ginger in soy/vinegar (? i think) sauce and we asked for more of the ginger/soy condiment because we both liked them in the dumplings so much. It's quite an art to eat them and she laughingly said your skill at eating them shows by how little broth is on your dish at the end (instead of in your stomach).  At Joe's Shanghai they serve 8 per order and the dumpling wrapper looked much thicker so I have yet to try xiao long bao there.  I loved these dumplings and will definitely go back for more.
After weeks of seeing lines out the door, I decided to go and check this place out.  My brother and I got there at like 10AM or something so there was zero wait (yay!).  I started with the soy bean milk (slightly burnt - boo!) and the fried dough stick (yum but oily).  We proceeded to have 2 orders of the pork and one order of the crab soupy dumplings.  I like that they make the soupy dumpling skins there.  Fresh and a good compliment to the meat inside.  The crab was not worth it (I think Joe's Shanghai is better).  The pork soupy dumpling's yummy so I think maybe it's worth the wait if you don't go during weird hours.  Not sure... I might say something different if I had to wait more than 15 min for a table in Flushing.
Their foods are ordinary and nothing is really special at all. Honestly, nothing motivates me to go again.  Many people go there just because It has over a thousand reviews on yelp.
THE BEST XIAO LONG BAOS I HAVE EVER  EATENwhen it comes to soup dumplings nan xiangs is as good as it gets.Though a little on the expensive side compared to other soup dumpling restaurants it is well worth the price if quality is what you are looking for.I ordered the crab with pork, pork soup dumplings  and the pan fried dumplings on my delightful excursion to this wonderful haven and I was not disapointed with any items ordered that. The soup dumplings were topnotch . The soup was light yet flavorful with enough fat and broth to get a full rich taste without the groggy feeling that one  would get eating  a heavy meal. The meat was soft and  literally melt in your mouth as you dove into and tasted these wonderful treasures. Even  the vingar with ginger was  superb  for  they put a little bit of sugar  to give the dipping sauce a sweeter less sour taste. This  is  hands  down the best place for xiao long baos every little detail of this food item was perfect and no other restaurant to my knowledge can replicate the kind of excellence that they  have at nan xiangs lets hope they  stay in business for a long long time
This is one of my favorite places in NY. The price is amazing and their soup dumplings are on point. - This place has an A sanitary inspection grade from The Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. Nuff said there. - Their soup dumplings are soooooo gooooooooood. If you pick them up from the top slowly, they usually don't rip off from the bottom. Still happens once in a while.- My other favorite dish is the Crispy Noodle with Shredded Chicken. It's one of those addictive dishes that you always have a craving for....like right now...as you talk about it...you start to salivate... Overall, I come here for the food. Not for the decor (there's not much to say for that) and not for the service (which is pretty ho hum and dry). I usually do a "dumpling run" around 9 during the week to this place, so I don't really deal with their lines.
This place has hands down THE BEST (pork) SOUP DUMPLINGS I have ever had in my life! Normally you'd find maybe one or two shrivel-y ones, or ones with less soup, but not these bad boys! They are extra plump and one of the juiciest I've ever tried and I gotta say, I've been to quite a few places. 5 stars for their soup dumplings!!Despite having the best dumplings, I really hated their Shanghai stir fried noodles.  It's the worst I've ever had :( Normally this is my go to dish, but this place makes it so dry and bland. I prefer it to be a tad more saucy and am usually use to the darker color of the noodles smothered in sauce! 1 star for this particular dish, but I think I'll give it another go just for the dumplings :) One can surely work around the noodles!
lovely dumpling. unfortunately their service is not so great, quite slow. unfortunately it is cash only. it is worth if you are in the area (flushing center).  i asked for water with ice and they didn't have the ice... so i asked for a beer. .... and they had only WARM beer!!! crazy.... at least the green tea (complimentary ) is good. and healty choice!!!! ah ah ah
This review is dedicated to all you sillies who think Joe's Shanghai has the best soup dumplings in NYC. You are mistaken, very very mistaken. In fact I think that Joe's is average Joe compared to Nan Shian (probably more accurately translated as Nan Xiang?). Nan Shian has some of the best soup dumplings I've had, second only to Din Tai Fung in Taiwan. If you like soup dumplings, make the trek to Flushing and try this place, but prepare to wait. Though they recently expanded and the restaurant is now twice as large as it was before, there is still an average 20-40 min wait for a table. After you are seated, make sure to order the soup dumplings right away. There's a 30 min wait for the dumplings to be steamed (from when you order it) but it's worth it! Besides, there are plenty of other yummies on the menu to divert your attention for those 30 minutes. My favorite dishes at Nan Shian are...... spicy beef and tripe slices (fu qi fei pian)... stir fried rice cakes with seafood (hai xian chao nian gao)... sliced beef wrapped in pancake (niu rou jia bing )and of course the star of the meal: the XLB featuring thin skins, tender pork, and rich flavorful soup.  I've tried both the plain pork soup dumplings and the pork and crab ones. I prefer the pork and crab ones because the soup is a little thicker and I love the flavor that the crab adds. **It was brought to my attention that not everyone knows how to eat a soup dumpling without making a mess. So without further ado, I present to you the simple guide to eating a soup dumpling:First use the provided tongs to pinch the top part of the soup dumpling and lift slowly and GENTLY so that you don't rip the dumpling skin. Once you have successfully transported your soup dumpling from the tray to your spoon, you can pat yourself on the back because the hard part is over. Now, bite a small hole in the top of your soup dumpling and suck out the juices. If you're afraid of burning your tongue, you can dump out the juices into your spoon after biting a hole in the top. Then, after enjoying the hot soup, drizzle a little sauce and ginger on top of the dumpling and eat up!
You I came here on a double date after all the rumor. We waited a very long time to get a seat and we ordered our apps. After sitting down it took 20 min just to get some soy milk and something else. Whatever, guess only ONE thing is prepped here and thats the soup dumplings. I had them and its...... whatever, seriously what is the big deal? It wasn't that I think was affordable either considering what it is. Me and my girl never went again. Much better asian dishes out there and this is not one of them.
the food at this place is pretty good, most of them anyway. I'm not a pork person but their pork fried buns is one of my favorite. not much else I can say because it's a good place but just not that good. and on top of that their service here and their staff is only two star at the most. staff here is not that friendly and it always feels like they're trying to rush you out of the restaurant asap.... but I think many people have already mentioned that here in the reviews before and I guess the restaurant just don't care
The sanitation score is kind of dismal and the wait is always long and it's a tiny, crowded space -- but these are the tastiest soup dumplings in the entire New York area. The prices are reasonable and the service is always friendly. Short walk from the 7 train. Cash only.
The soup dumplings are good, but sometimes it's inconsistent. When it's good, it's REALLY good, but they churn out so many of these dumplings (and all their other dumplings) in a day that surely they must just be steaming these all day long. I've found that if you sometimes go in too early for dinner on a slow day, you could be eating dumplings made a few hours ago and it just isn't as good. I've had some really mediocre tasting steamers of dumplings on a couple of occasions and some really awesome ones too. Other than the soupy dumplings, they also make great steamed vegetable dumplings. The pickled cucumbers are too garlicky for my taste. The kao fu is really greasy but the seasoning is good. Their noodle soups are really good and also a great value for a meal. Overall, it's a great place to get your dumpling fix. It's worth going if you've never been and worth returning to in my opinion. Definitely one of the better soup dumpling places in the city.
Great place for Xiao Long Bao. Food and service is good.
I went here with a bunch of my girlfriends when we were in flushing. My friend introduced me to something called soup dumplings. I was a bit skeptic at first but oh my God were they delicious. Where the hell were these in my entire life?!? The crab and pork soup dumpling were so succulent and tasty :p. We also had the beef scallion pancake. Woww. Trust me this place is the bomb. Only thing I didnt like was it was a bit dirty. The spoon they gave us had a stain. The spoon they used to scoop the sauce felt sticky.
I won't go anywhere else for soup dumpling after I ate at Nan xiang dumpling house. You won't believe after the first bite of the dumpling, it is filled with juicy pork soap inside. I was never a soap dumpling fan, but this place makes the soap dumbling so irresistible.Only one thing is this place is always busy and you have to wait on the line. I waiting 15 to 20 minutes for my food to show up. If you are starving, you'll need to go somewhere with faster service.All in all, this place is good for afternoon meal.
This is the last time I come to this place. I understand that this is a busy restaurant and I have been here when it has been busier, but this time I was not the only customer that was irritated at the long wait times for the food arrival. Went with my grandpa around 10:30 AM. It was packed, but we got seated within minutes. Ordered the soy bean milk (cold), but got a hot order. Ordered scallion pancake, and they brought us one with beef. It took another 15 minutes for them to bring the right order. Ordered an order of the soup pork dumplings and this took the longest. As a soup dumpling restaurant this item should be one of the first items to arrive, not last. We also ordered the rice cake with shredded chicken. The first time it came out it was cold, hard and inedible. It took an additional 10 minutes for the food to arrive. The waitress' are not friendly and it is difficult to flag them down.
Been a long time patron of this place and always loved the food here. Saw that there were some complaints about the service but never had any issues before. Today however was quite different. No one was being rude or anything but it took over 15 minutes for one order of our soup dumplings to be brought to our table. At the 15 minute mark I had brought it to the waiters attention that we're pretty much done eating everything else and have yet to see our dumplings. He just told us that there's a slight wait on it all the whole serving dumplings to other tables that sat after we did. Finally 5 minutes later, I had to remind the same idiot again that we still don't see our food and it's been 20 minutes since the order was placed and he finally went to check on it just to come back to tell us that the order slip was lost and that there will be another 3 minutes before we get the soup dumplings. He did apologize but he could've avoided all of this if he just checked the first time I brought it up. We finally have our dumplings after close to 30 minutes after sitting down. Everything else we've ordered is finished and was delicious but now my appetite has been ruined by this long wait for something that should've taken 5 minutes. Going back to Joe's...
Authentic and delicious Chinese food! Big fan of the jellyfish salad.
These may be one of the best soup dumplings in NYC. I recently came back from a trip to Taiwan, where everything tastes better, and I'm still impressed by how close Nan Xiang's dumplings are to the best. They do a good job of keeping the skin thin and the filling flavorful. I'm a scallion pancake lover, but I have to say that they butcher the taste by overfrying it. The small dishes and some breakfast foods are also delicious and resemble the homeland. I get my haircut in Flushing once every 4-5 weeks or so and guess where I visit every time =D
Nan Xiang, I have shunted aside my love for Shanghai Cafe for you :O Their soup dumplings are really quite spectacular.  Starting from the outside, and working our way in...The Wrapper - Thin, but not so thin as to jeopardize any sort of structural integrity.  It won't explode if you look at it too hard.  I found it pleasantly pliant, and slightly chewy.  Be careful though, they don't take too kindly to pinching or plucking with tongs or chopsticks.The Soup - Liquid gold, my friends. Liquid gold.  Upon piercing the side of the xiao long boa, rivulets of steaming hot soup come rushing out and into your spoon.  Admire the glossy sheen of pork fat, let it cool for a few seconds, and tip it back.  It's velvety, voluptuous and savory.  It tastes cleanly and straightforwardly of pork - not too fatty, and not too sweet.  Eat these things quickly, lest the soup cools and congeals to an unappealing gelatinous glob! The Filling -  If you eat your dumplings like me (i.e. outside-in), then usually the filling is last.  I liked this little nub of pork.  It was tender, not gristly and juicy.  Dip it in a little bit of the black vinegar and you're good to go. I've also tried a few of their cold appetizer dishes - we had the spicy beef with tripe, spicy bamboo shoots, and cold gluten.  The spicy beef with tripe was facking amazeballs.  Tender, chewy, bouncy tripe, slicked with blazingly hot chile oil - this will burn the lips off your face and is definitely not for the faint of heart.  I actually found it to be quite nuanced - if you can stand it, and wait for the heat to ebb down a little, you'll get a bit of citrusy/floral aftertaste from the Szechuan peppercorns and chilies, accented with the fresh green crunch of chopped cilantro stems.  Deadly, but balanced.  My favorite part of this dish was definitely the tripe. The slices of beef shin are good but forgettable.My friends and I came around 4:00pm, missing both the lunch and dinner crowds, so there was no wait at all.  I imagine during peak hours, the wait will be horrendous.  But if you're fiending for XLB's, you can't do much better than this joint. Did I mention it's mighty easy on the wallet? That should soften the wait :D
Nothing better on a cold and shitty day than to hit Flushing for some out of this world crab & pork soup buns, chicken rice cake, seafood soup and some delish appetizers. The soup buns in my opinion are fresher and more succulent than our family fav Joe's Shanghai. The appetizers such as spicy bamboo shoots, smoked bean curd w/ vegetables, scallion pancake w/ sliced beef and deep fried egg and chives 'empanada like' bun are out of this world! Tip: Come early w/ cash b/c no credit cards accepted.
A must , I tried the scallion pancake with sliced beef , the only complain was I wish it was bigger since it was so good. The pan fried dumpling were great even after I got a second degree burn ... I kept eating it , they were that good , Hey the waiter was very nice as he saw that the burning hot liquid in the dumpling burnt my hand which  led me to scream , he immediately got me a large ice pack , the steam dumpling were ok but I'm not a fan of pork , will def come back
Good dumplings. Just wear black if you don't want any of the soup stuff on your clothing. They need to expand. Too small and crowded. Very friendly.  If you're looking someplace really clean. Then this place not it. They use hot tea to clean the tables.
The xiao long bao was pretty okay but I tried some of the noodle dishes and it was filled with oily. The noodles were coated with oily.
Well I finally made it to Four and Twenty Blackbirds in Brooklyn.  The closed sign was on the door but there were people in there so I went in.  I was extremely disappointed in the choice of pies they had, however I ended up buying two pieces.  I tried the chamomile buttermilk and my husband tried the salted caramel apple.  I give credit where it's due, the pie was delicious.  They are very over priced.  A very small piece of pie was $5.75 and then they have the nerve to charge .25 cents for the smallest amount of whipped cream I have ever seen!!!  Needless to say I won't be going back there again.
My go-to spot for soup dumplings! Great prices and great food. We usually order rice cakes with shredded chicken, scallion beef pancakes, and pork chop noodle soup. Only complaint is that they are cash only.
This is a nice quaint little joint. The service is good, and food is awesome. My girlfriend and I downed 3 orders of the soup dumpling, a bowl of soy milk, seaweed and some tendon appetizer.A must is the crab meat xiao long bao if you are here it eat only one item. It is VERY juicy. I am salivating as I am writing this review. Damn it!!!
Service is slow. Soup dumplings are ok.
Just had been there one time. The food is not that good as I thought and I do not like the service there. Will probably not go again!
Great place to sit and kill some time with whomever. But the food inside great. Mostly homemade. The soup dumplings are popular. Try them. I like one of the soups too - my favorite is the pork chop.Go in the lunch time its better that way.  Mostly crowded and only takes cash!
I love this place! I've been here so many times.  What I usually have:+Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef+Soup Dumplings+Shanghai Pan Fried UdonI've also tried other noodle dishes from this place and loved them.  The pancake with sliced beef is my FAVORITE here.  I just really love the flavor it gives out.  As for the soup dumplings, I love them but I also had better.  This is why I'm giving it a 4 and not a 5.  Hehe, but overall, I think it's a great place for food.
So, first, this place gets a 3.5/5. Yelp doesn't do decimals.  We followed the advice of other Yelpers and ordered: cucumber & garlic cold app, one order of pork dumplings, one order of pork/crab dumplings, and the scallion pancake with beef. Overall, the flavors were good but not we-will-dream-about-this-for-the-rest-of-lives delicious. The dumplings in SF at Yank Sing are still our favorite, but they're way more costly so I guess you get what you pay for. For the cost, not bad, not bad at all. Overall, good food but no wow factor.
Still okay I guess but not somewhere I frequent anymore. Quality of the soup dumplings has gone down significantly. The skin of the soup dumpling is so freaking thick now! Practically almost eating huge baos or something...not cool.
Ok, so it was my fault for losing the receipt but I called them up and told them and they said "no problem, we can look up the purchase". I bought a Viper car starter at Best Buy for a Christmas gift and made an appt. with them to install it. They said because I have no receipt they can't do it. They said they cannot find my purchase on their computer. It was purchased in Dec. and the appt. to install was Feb. I called the main headquarters and they also said nope, it's the store policy. So I said "how about returning it?", they said no refund. So even though the box says "Geek Squad", which is only Best Buy, they won't budge. Therefore, I'm stuck with it. I had one installed last year by them and guess what? It doesn't work because they had an idiot that installed it. Best Buy, Trumbull, Ct, will never see me back there.
I'm gonna have to say the soupy dumplings here beats out Joe's Shanghai's soupy dumplings.  They have excellent appetizers , which are a bit spicy and that's how I like it.  Overall, the service is so-so, which is way better than service at Joe's Shanghai.  The decor is nothing special.  The table I was sitting at was wobbling, which annoyed the sheet outta me.  The food is where this place earns it's stars that's where it really matters.
The xiao long pao is really good! The fried dough is so so. The restaurant opens early, which is good for quick yummy breakfast. I gave 4 stars since the service was too slow. I ordered only 2 dishes and it took me almost an hour to complete my meal.
Went here yesterday after the Mets game. This place was packed with people from every walk of life.   I was very optimistic to eat here and so was my dad.  We are big fans of Soup Dumplings and usually eat at Joes Shanghai. We ordered what everyone recommended.   The dumplings .. obvi.  and the scallion pancakes. Everything was really tasty and good.  The waiters were a little mean and rude and didn't want to give us more tea.  I explained to my dad that you have to flag down waiters sometimes and it isn't considered rude. I really liked the dumplings...but not more than Joes.  I like the menu better at Joes but would definitely eat there again. ... If I had to!
a nice local dumpling restaurant, but I was a bit disappointed at lack of service. We had soup dumplings for appetizer. They tasted great. Seafood noodle soup was great too, but I didn't expect the kind of noodle; it was more like instant noodle. Pork chop noodle soup? Maybe a good try and tasted good too, but I don't want wet pork chop. Bang for the buck? yes, good to be here!p.s: No Creditcard! Bring cash!
Pork Xiao Long Bao, ftw!!!I absolutely love XLB's. They're fun, delicious and so filling! People have been telling me this is THE place for XLB's and they were right!I didn't get the one with crab since I'm not a big crab fan. I went for the usual pork, and it was delicious! The skin wasn't too thick, and it was piping hot, just the way I like it!My XLB's took relatively long compared to Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Cafe, I must admit. It looked like they were making them to order, then again, it shouldn't have taken so long.My friend got scallion pancakes.. they were alright. Nothing special. But the XLB's were definitely awesome!TIP: Order the cold soy milk! It's DELICIOUS!
2 words my dulas, Soup Dumplings. I salivate thinking about the crab meat pause.
Can't really comment on all their other foods. I only tried the pork buns and shanghai noodles. Their pork buns, delicious! You see the ladies working feverishly to make the little buns filled with pork goodness on the side. It does seem like it takes a while to come out but if it's freshly made I'm not going to complain! I went around 6PM on Saturday and it wasn't that packed. But by the time I got out, there was definitely a wait! I love a good pork bun with lots of juice inside and good chewy texture on the bun. This place hit those marks. And not that bad on the price too! Would come back... only if it was closer. CASH ONLY.
Okay. First off, anyone who says Joe's Shanghai is a better dumpling house needs to get their taste buds burned off.Just kidding.But really, number one most favorite dumpling house ever. Ever. Ever. I can't stress how much I love this place.This is always my go-to place for good food for a good price. There's absolutely no way anyone can walk into this restaurant and not order at least one pan of soup dumplings. That should be illegal.I mean, I've gone to this place before as a party of two or three, and our bill has never exceeded $30. I always order two pans of soup dumplings, and the scallion pancake, which is absolutely amazing. I usually order noodles for an entree. Often U-Don or panfried. Both extremely good, and well worth it. Personally, I feel that their entrees are served family style. So it's something you can share around the table. Probably too much for one person. But that's just me. And if you go for breakfast, you should definitely try the Chinese crullers (youtiao) dipped in hot soy milk. It was all I ever ate on Sunday mornings, as a child.The decor is very home-y and cozy. The space is a bit tight. Sometimes if they're really busy, they might end up seating you at the same table as another party, but it usually isn't a big deal. And remember to always try to catch them before rush hour! The line can get pretty long. But the wait usually isn't more than 30 minutes. The service is alright, but nothing to complain about. Sometimes they might slack when it's busy, but it's understandable.I come to this restaurant almost every time I'm in Flushing, and it never fails to satisfy me. This is a restaurant that will guarantee a smile on your face by the time you walk out. My last trip here, the three of us left the restaurant smiling ear-to-ear, and never happier about completing our meal. And not one person, that I've introduced to this restaurant, has ever disliked their experience.Definitely a place I'd recommend for casual dining.
Geeeeez. Everything seems so much juicier and the xiao long bao skin just seems so much tighter--pork and crab xie here are delicious so don't hesitate. Also I enjoyed the side dishes (re: everything but the soup dumplings) more than Joe's. Perhaps just my opinion but it was a great, great meal.
The xiao long bao (soup dumpling) was subpar in my opinion. The skins were thick and the flavor just didn't do it for me. I prefer Joes Shanghai in Chinatown. I found the pan fried udon noodles to be undercooked, salty and flavorless. The best part of the meal was the hot tea and the pancakes with sliced beef. I believe it was a black bean sauce in between the layers of the pancake and I was quite surprised how good that was.
Simply the best soup dumping ever made.  Pork chop soup was also very tasty.This place is very clean and well organized.  The owners clearly know how to run a restaurant.  If you visit and there is a line out the door don't you dare leave.  Go inside take a number it's worth the wait.
the crab xiao lung baos are not great here. very bland and lacks crabby flavor like the shanghai garden restaurant or shanghai cafe in chinatown. what they do very well though is the spicy beef tendons and the dishes you see off to the side when y ou come into the restaurant. its a pretty large space and you'd be surprised at the empty tables so we didn't have to wait long on friday evening. make sure to get the sweet soy milk to relieve you from some of that spice!
I thought Seattle's dim sum could not be beat, I was totally wrong. This is the place to get a lot of food and share with friends and family. I really enjoyed the vegetable dumplings with the horseradish. I will be visiting the next time I'm in New York!
This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Flushing. They have high quality food at affordable prices, the place is big so most of the time you can get a table, and they have some of the best pork steamed buns anywhere ( I recommend pork steamed buns ). Definitely try this place out. Only bad thing is you may have to wait a little long for the food.
I've been here multiple times and haven't been disappointed.My staples include the amazing soup dumplings (crab/pork or pork) and love ther scallion pancake with beef! The dumplings aren't as "fatty" as Joe Shanghai's but I personally like them better.  Also the crab dumpling isn't too fishy tasting like some other ones. Noodles are pretty good here too!
I tried this place last week for the first time, because of the reviews. The service was ok, not the best. But the soup dumplings are amazing. Big and juicy is how I'd describe them.The scallion pancakes were fluffy and crispy. I will be visiting again and again.
George was wonderful to work with.  He took his time to find me just the right apartment.  He went above and beyond working with management, etc.  I highly recommend George if you ever need a Real Estate Agent
The soup dumplings here are superb, maybe the best in Flushing.  However there did not appear to be many other items on the menu that looked appetizing.  Joe Shanghai has good soup dumplings and a much more varied menu.
This place has THE BEST soup dumplings (Xian long bao) ever! I ordered both crab and pork and  they are so ridiculously good!The "soup" seasoning is just perfection. The dumpling is delicate and just right. The pork (my favorite) is well cooked and it all just comes together so nicely.Umm-umm good!Also, the pork ears, bamboo shoots and crispy nooddles with chicken are alsopre-tty good!If you're in the mood for a Flushing outing ~ this is a MUST-GO!Yep, you bet I'd recommend!
The food here is very consistent and top notch. The only drawback is the wait and the parking in the area. There's always a line, regardless of the time. It is usually a 15-20 minute wait, but on the weekends, it can take a while. The food is excellent and worth the trip if you're in the mood for soup dumplings or authentic Shanghainese cuisines.
Service is slow like everybody states, the easiest way to get a waiters attention is to stare hardcore at one of them till they feel you looking, then wave.  Once you do that they will run right over to you.Food is really good.  We has the steamed Dim Sum which was filled with yummy soup and meat.  We also had the Scallion Pancake with beef which was sooooooo so good.  After I had my first bite I automatically had to order another one, and its a pretty good size appetizer for a party of 2.  Finally we had the fish with salty cabbage soup which came out not too hot but was also really good.Next time in Flushing I will come back here if anything just for the Scallion Pancake with beef, yes, it was that good.REMINDER: they only take CASH
just like their name states. they make delicious soup dumpling fresh and on the spot. this is my preferred place to go for soup dumpling in nyc (both their pork and seafood dumpling are homeruns). on the weekends the lines could be long as they don't take reservations. everything else on the menu is on par with the rest of flushing. service could be better and the old guy with glasses always looks mad. cheer up old man your making money!!!
Food coma and a half! This place is non-stop busy even at 4pm on a Sunday. I ordered the beef scallion pancake which was pretty good. I didn't expect it to be fried and preferred it if it wasn't. The sauce in it was a bit on the salty side. I also tried the crab and pork soup dumplings which were really good. The steamed vegetable dumplings were also really good.
We only had the XLB as we were just passing through for a snack, but they were certainly better than anything we've tried in Manhattan. Glad to see other reviewers mentioning Din Tai Fung - certainly a good baseline for comparison (don't get me started on Joe's). Are they as good? No, but if Din Tai Fung is a 9/10 then these would only be a point behind.My only gripe is that these can take a good while to come out, but you kind of have to accept that at any good XLB house.
Yummy Soup Dumplings! Best so far compared to those in chinatown NY or Boston . They have 2 flavors - crab and pork. Both are tasty. Gobble them up as soon as they arrive.
I loved it here!!!! Authentic tasty Shanghai food! If you are looking for some tasty Shanghai food in flushing you should try this one out! I always come here whenever i crave for Shanghai food. The soup dumplings here might take while to wait for but is all worthy. Their cold plates are also very tasty, me and my family love the Crispy cucumbers and spicy bamboo shred. Also their scallion pancake is not bad either not the best one but not bad. Compared to other shanghai cuisine restaurants in main street this is by far the best one!!! i would recommend it for anyone out there.P.S some food might be spicy so you should tell them to lower down the spiciness if you don't eat spicy food.
The best soup dumplings!!! I used to go to Joe's Shanghai near the municipal parking lot. But, when I found this place, I never went back to Joe's. I've been going to this place for 3 years. I always order the pork & crab soup dumplings, pork/cabbage noodle soup, and sticky rice with seafood. The soup dumplings are very delicate. You have to be very steady to lift the dumplings onto your spoon because you don't want to spill the precious soup inside the dumplings so be careful!Also, they have cold dishes on the menu. My friends always order the spicy jelly fish and bamboo. They are both spicy and delicious although they burn my tongue a little. Warning: This place is always crowded. My friends and I waited for 30 min or longer to get a table. I recommend you to get here around 5pm or 6pm for a dinner. If you come here around 7pm or later, dan dan dan....you might wait longer and starve yourself for a long time from watching people eating the soup dumplings.
Best shanghai dumplings so far..they assume you want a basket and they assume right. The skin is thin but just thick enough to hold the meaty goodness and the juices that could cause a third degree burn. Delicious burn
My favorites are the crab dumplings and their cold appetizers!
That annoying female host on Travel Channel's "Food Wars" should do a Pork Soup Dumpling challenge between Nan Shian Dumpling House and Joe's Shanghai.In a blind taste test, I bet I would choose Nan Shian 10 out of 10 times over Joe's Shanghai. Oh wait, nevermind. That show don't do Asian food. Only American heart attack food.Buffalo Wing War Chicago Italian Beef War   Kansas Fried Chicken War    Lockhart, Texas BBQ War    Minneapolis Juicy Lucy War
The best veggie dumplings in Flushing.This place is cheap and gets very busy.  I recommend calling in and picking your food up.Other recommendations: vegetable noodle soup, bean curd and mixed vegetable, and steamed pork dumplings (for meat-eaters).
This place is small but their food is delicious. They are famous for their steam pork buns (　　　小　龍　包). One order comes with 6 tiny buns. Watch out because they have juice inside the bun that are boiling hot.
I have to agree that these are the BEST soup dumplings ever! The place does get super crowded after 11am on the weekend, so get there early or prepare to wait a very long time.Food: 5/5As stated before, best soup dumplings (xia long bao) ever! I also recommend the udon noodles and rice cakes. Their soy milk and sweet tofu dessert was also very good. Service: 3/5Service was pretty quick, though it isn't super friendly. I did feel like I was being rushed to leave because the place was packed. Atmosphere: 1/5The place is LOUD, like most Asian places. And because it is packed, it is more of a eat and get out of there place.
I love this place! Been going here since I moved to NYC. Don't be scared away by the sanitation rating, the food is great and I've never had any issues. Soup dumplings here are the best in flushing.
Whenever I visit Flushing, I would always go to Nan Xiang with my family.  Even though they expanded the store, there is still sometimes a wait during lunch/ dinner time.  The line is quick and it is well worth it though!  The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) there are amazing!  The broth is flavorful and not too oily and the wrapper is thin and good-chewy.  They also make very delicious veggie dumplings that kind of look like cute green mice.  They're opaque and filled with green veggies and vermicelli.  So delish!  I love the cold appetizers, especially the gluten pieces with bamboo shoots and mushrooms (I don't know what it is called in English so it might not sound appetizing but please trust me, it is really good) and the spicy beef and tripe.  They have traditional Shanghai breakfast like scallion pancakes, shaobing (sesame flatbread), youtiao (Chinese crullers), soy milk, etc. in the mornings (some of it is on the all day menu as well), perfect for an awesome brunch.
Great tasting dumplings, especially the crab and pork dumplings. These dumplings have some broth in them which makes it different than most other dumplings. The Shanghai Udon noodles very were good too and has bits of steak in it. Also had scallion pancakes which are hard to mess up. Overall food was good and so was the service.
amazing dumplings. Hold crap. And I don't have to go all the way to chinatown in the city.
Shen Jiang Bao and Xiao Long Bao. Great Xia Long Bao. Fresh and tasty. The Shen Jiang Bao were disappointing - they were cold. Still tasty but not what they could've been. We were there Saturday at 8 or 9 pm, so this was prime time and the food was flying. Good service, etc., etc.
I had the yummy yummy soup dumplings here and the scallion pancake as well.  We tried the pork dumplings and the pork & crab dumplings (just a note... they're called "buns" on the menu) and both were sooo good!  The meat was well seasoned, not overcooked, and the soup was flavorful and steamy.  Some of our dumplings tore when we pulled them out of the bamboo box because they weren't sitting on the cabbage and the skin got stuck to the bamboo, but that was the only downside to this place!The scallion pancake had beef inside and some sort of oyster or hoisin sauce, and it was all sorts of tasty greasy goodness.This is apparently the place to go for soup dumplings (buns) in Flushing, so check it out if you're a fan!
I think this place's soup dumplings are **almost** as good as Din Tai Fung's (whose are really the ultimate perfection), but still 5-star worthy and one of the best on the East coast of the US. The bountiful soup that comes pouring out of the little packets of deliciousness is flavorful and the meat inside is very tender. If I'm going to be picky, I would just say Din Tai Fung's soup dumplings are a little smaller (the smaller the better, because more difficult to make) and the meat could be chopped just a little bit finer. But again, I'm just making very picky comparisons. Put in your soup dumpling orders as soon as you sit down, because they make and steam them on the spot, so they will take longer to come out than your other dishes. Then, get settled in and choose your accompanying dishes from the small menu, and you're off to a special and memorable meal!
Waited quite a while for a seat. The place was packed until I went to the bathroom I noticed there were at least 5 tables empty yet tons of people waiting outside. Thought that was strange. Tried the crab soup dumplings. They were alright. But I still think joes shanghai is better. But the beef wrapped in scallion pancake was bomb! Best I ever had. Very oily however. The shredded beef and chili over noodle was delicious but very very very much drenched in oil.
Nan Xiang or Joe's Shanghai, Nan Xiang or Joe's Nan Xiang....Yeah Nan Xiang wins! They both tied for the soup dumplings. Joe's the soup is fattier, Nan Xiang thinner broth, softer wrapper.Scallion pancakes: Joe's are good but all grease. Nan Xiang wrapped around thin sliced beef with hoisen sauce, no grease. Winner!Noodle dishes Joe's greasy. Nan Xiang fresh noodles. No grease winner! Also Nan Xiangs kitchen is open, clean actually the spotless. The cooks are women and they make the dumplings right in front of you. Now if only Nan Xiang served sliced oranges when they gave you the bill, Joe's wins on that one.....
I always come here ready to FEAST.  Usually with a group of 4 or 6, we order stacks upon stacks of xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  The dumplings are full of juicy deliciousness!  It's also funny when everyone gasps and shares in the sadness of watching you accidentally poke a hole in a dumpling & all the soup gushes out.  It's quite the art to successfully pick one up from the steamed bamboo trays!Pairing the xiao long baos with their cold apps is a good idea.  I love their spicy beef & tripe and jellyfish.  Only thing is that so does everyone else which means they often run out if you're too late.  It's the saddest thing when the server looks over to where they display them & shakes his head no.  Ahh why must you run out??  Also get their scallion pancakes with sliced beef.It's often crowded but they turn over tables quickly so most def WAIT!!  Also I recently came during a down time & watched them rigorously scrub down the floors so two thumbs for caring about cleanliness.
Let me preclude this by the fact that I lived in Beijing and Hong Kong for four years, so I know what a proper xiao long bao tastes like. It's virtually a work of art. I wasn't super-wowed by these xiao long bao, but they were satisfactory and hit the spot. I'm also getting the feeling that this may be as good as it gets in NY.The only thing I got was the xiao long bao since I was eating by myself. It's about $6 for 6, which is fairness, is pretty reasonable. They're also a lot bigger than your typical XLB, but maybe that's an American thing (portion sizes) that is. While some people probably love this, it actually contributes to some of the XLB's major flaws. Other than that, the flavor of the broth and pork were totally spot on. I was a bit disappointed to see that the wrapper was a bit grainy instead of the smooth-textured XLB that I'm guessing you can even find in Los Angeles (Din Tai Fung). These monsters are definitely sturdy little ones, and in that way, its fairly easy to pick up the dumpling without the skin breaking/soup spilling before you dip it into the ginger & vinegar. The wrapper can be a bit thick and chewy (in some spots) to accommodate for how much soup is in each XLB, though I've definitely had worse.Think of great XLBs like extremely delicate and strong ballerinas. Some people complain that the skin will break more easily as a result, but the truth is an especially skilled chef can achieve both. These are definitely aren't dainty like the highly-refined XLBs I've had in years past, but given the price point and various other options, they're definitely not too shabby. Best XLB ever? Nah. Did it hit the spot? Definitely.
This place is the joint! Prices are great and the soups, dumplings, and entrees are satisfying and tasty. I've been a regular for years. Parking is the pits, and it's always crowded and cramped, but the food is consistently terrific.I've had nearly everything on the menu, even the spicy beef & tripe, and have never been disappointed.Authentic Asian at it's best.Heron is my favorite server.
The food here is AMAZING. I've been coming here for many years now. The xiao long bao here are TO DIE FOR. It's freshly made in front of the shop. There was about 4 to 6 chefs in a tiny space with clear windows wrapping the individual dumplings. I would be giving this place a 5 star, however the wait was incredibly long. I came with 4 others and we had to wait nearly an hour till there was a table for us. Nonetheless the food came out fairly quick. The waiter was very splendid. He memorized our order without using his pad.  I am impressed.
Thanks Johnny J. for inviting me here! The soup dumplings were mad good yo.
1pm Chinese breakfast of very affordable deliciousness. We even bought a few dishes to take home to a friend, he didn't get any soup dumplings.
I would give 3.5 stars if I could! I ordered the spicy beef with tripe as it was recommended by another yelper. Unfortunately for me, it had a weird after taste, which I experienced another time at an Asian restaurant. It's some Asian spice I'm guessing that makes everything else taste weird...even my water! Left an after taste for 15 minutes and Kind of ruined my entire meal! I Also had the scallion pancakes...they were delicious, and the pork/crab soup dumplings...they were good but not anything I would order again! My girlfriend loved all of her dishes including tofu and udon noodles with vegetables... She couldn't stop raving and ate everything!
Amazing food served at communal tables. The atmosphere was a bit loud during Sunday brunch hours and it definitely helps if you speak Mandarin to make sure you get what you want inside the dumplings.
Decent food but coming from LA, I could only give it 3 stars. And I had to deduct a star because the crab xiao long bao was a rip off. Don't get me wrong, it is tasty but there was no crab meat whatsoever. The waitress said the little meat they add to the top of the dumplings is just a marker. Not one of the 6 dumplings we got had a marker. Uploaded pic. Buyer beware.
I'm hoping I can bring an outsider's perspective.  I'm from Seattle and a total fan of XLB.  Let me start by saying that if I'm giving this place 4 stars then Dinesty in Richmond BC gets a 6 or a 7 (No I don't work there).   But Nan Xiang is really good.  I've discovered that there seem to be two "styles" to XLB:  the delicate kind that Din Tai Fung does (along with Dinesty) and the more robust, thicker skin style that Nan Xiang represents.  If I had to choose I'd go with delicate but about once out of every 4 times I think I'd want what NX delivers.  It is so big and soupy!  In what they are, they are just right and ...what is it with you people who think Joe's is "it?"  I happily take the MTA 7 pilgrimage.  Seriously good place.
My favorite place in Queens, amazing Shanghai dumplings.
I really enjoyed my dining experience here. We were whisked away to the only table empty - and how lucky we were, since a line of ~10 people formed after us - and quickly given tea. We ordered the garlic cucumbers, spicy bamboo shoots, vegetable dumplings, and, of course, the soup dumplings. To be honest, I have nothing to compare them too, but the pork flavoring was great, and the soup dumpling eating experience was fun. The skins of the dumplings were so tender. The vegetable dumplings, while not soup dumplings, were also very good and filling. The aforementioned side dishes were abundant and flavorful even if simple.You'll feel a bit cramped but not totally invading your neighbors. Tip: flip up the top of our tea pot when you want more tea. Great Flushing experience!
"Dispute not with her: she is lunatic." William Shakespeare, Richard IIISome psychiatrists believe racism is a sign of mental illness. I agree, disguise it anyway you want to, say it's being old fashioned but  it is insane!I promised to upload pictures if we went back. Here they are!My husband's mother who was chef at her own restaurants through out the 5 boros for many years went. She was appalled that her son would force her to go to a restaurant that didn't have the "right" kind of Chinese people. She made my husband's brother order since she felt the staff was below her.She is from China, then moved to Hong Kong then Manhattan's China Town then Brooklyn and now Flushing. But somehow she has not managed to understand that there are other people in NYC besides the "right' kind of Chinese.I don't know if  other born in China Chinese people are this closed minded but she is extreme. His dad seems normal. My husband turned out normal too in spite of being raised by someone so sheltered and well,  insane. We have a Mandarin friend who she refused to let in her house to use the bathroom when we went by there because he is not Cantonese. He doesn't make me deal with her  if I don't want to and as you can imagine me being not just a white devil but having  blond hair and blue eyes, I am not her favorite person. But in spite of  her display of insanity at the restaurant over the fact that the staff was not the "right" kind of Chinese and there for probably dirty in her opinion she really did like the soup dumplings but not the rest of the food. Soup Dumplings are not Cantonese so they can't really do it worse then her since it isn't  a part of her  usual cuisine. Their entrees are just regular sloppily done not cut properly or Wok seared as well as they should be.Just go for the soup dumplings.The soup dumplings are good. And to the staff I apologize for her."Keep mixing the races until we're all the same grayish color - then there'll be no more racism, once we're all the same shade, man. 'Hey, gray!' 'Who you callin' gray, gray?' And then we'll actually be able to hate someone for the person that they are." Tom Rhodes
Place gets very crowded, but the wait didn't seem too bad. I've had better but this place is good enough.-pancake with beef: my favorite-turnup cake-soup dumplings: meh-fred pork buns: not a fan nothing but dough
This place has very yummy dumplings, and that's why we trek all the way here from the southern tip of Brooklyn - but on top of their dumplings, all the rest of the food we've tried here is not bad either.  The service is decent, nothing to complain about, and it's relatively fast.  The location is also comfortable: in New York, we are used to going to places with good food, but cramped space.  This is not like that at all, I actually feel very comfy sitting here to eat.  There's also a parking lot across the street - depending on when we go, there's sometimes parking.  If you are in Flushing, on a craving for good dumplings - this is definitely a place to try!
Came around 5 pm on a Monday and we were seated instantly.  Despite diners being outnumbered by waitresses and cooks, the service was slow.  The soup dumplings were nice.  What's not to like about soup dumplings?  I think I like the dumplings at Joe's Shanghai a bit better though.Would I wait in a line down the block for these?  Probably not.  But I certainly enjoyed them.
Favorite Xiao Long Bao joint, however it's gets very crowded. The xiao long bao's skin is a decent thickness, so that the soup isn't visible. The soup & meat is delish - I can do it with or without the sauce Their turnip puffs are delicious, best I've ever had. The puffs are crisp and the turnip is shredded, typically can finish in one bite, but I try to savor it as long as I can, as it only comes 4 in a dish. I'd also recommend the Sour Cabbage & Fish Noodle Soup, very tasty! Downside for the noodles and rice cake dish is that it's super greasy but it never stopped me from coming back. :3
They are basically famous for their Xiao Loong Pau. This are hand made on the spot and you can still see the "sifu" making them as you ordered.  Always busy so be prepare for not so attentive service to the extend of being rushed and rude,  and also sometimes the quality of the pau suffers too... I once ordered their beef rolled with scallion pancake but comes in just a few miserable pieces of beef and some kind of sauce and nothing else. The one in Flushing mall served up a much better one with generous amount of beef, parsley and also crushed peanuts.... at least something to chew on....  Their udon portion are on the small size so don't expect to share.  All in all,  I think there are better places out there with delicious xiao loong pau and a service with a smile.
We went on a Saturday so I thought it would be busy, it was. Even the snowy bad weather didn't slow anyone down. Lucky for us (party of 2) we got a seat the moment we walked in.  We ordered (1) Scallion Pancake, it was good but it seemed it was deep-fried not pan-fried. A little too greasy for me but still good.  (1) Pork and Cabbage Noodle Soup, this was a much bigger amount of noodles then I thought it would be. Not too much pork but the noodles were good.  (1) Cucumber and Garlic appetizer. Seems like they gave us just about a whole cucumber sliced and cut into pieces not too heavy on the garlic.  (1) Pork and Crab Meat Dumplings. This was easily the best dish we ordered that day. It was soup dumplings but they don't mention that, great surprise. Very very tasty I would recommend this and probably the main reason I'd go back.Bathroom was unisex and almost always a line but no big deal. Prices are reasonable, everything I mentioned here was under $22 with tax.* Also noted, they accept cash only! *
It was meant to be. My friends and I didn't initially start out thinking we we're going to hit up this spot that day, but due to some schedule conflict, we took our train straight to flushing and ate to our hearts desire at Nan Xiang Dumpling House.The wait wasn't that long for a table of 5 on a saturday afternoon. Service was quick! We ordered a bunch of things and some of which are listed below:- Scallion pancake w/ beef - shiz was bananasssssssss! savory and delicious. It was a scallion pancake like no other being that it had a bit a fluff. aka - order it.- Wonton thingy in a peanut spicy sauce - the skin was a bit under cooked but the sauce was flavorful. My friends and I kept dipping other food into it :)- Beef and Tripe (Spicy)- HUGE FAN! It was nicely marinated in spicy sauce that made us want to pick it on it all day. Flavorful and nicely cooked.- Sliced Pig Ears - Really great! Crunchy :)- Rice Cake Stir Fry was bombed! Not too oily, enough flavor to keep you wanting more.- Steamed Pork Dumpling - Soup - What a procedure to eat this! But once you handle it like a champ and you take that first bite - the flavor just bursts into your mouth, get ready to slurp the slurp!- Pan Fried Dumplings - It was good, but not that fantastic compared to the other dishes. I prefer the steamed!- FRESH SOYBEAN DRINK! - YESAnyways - GO HERE, cuz it's great. :)
"Why do we rely on  the food advice of a tire, also known as the Michelin man?" That was the question posed to me as the trademark of the plump tire man depicted on Michelin stickers outside Nan Xiang Dumpling House became visible.  Before I had a chance to reply, we were already inside Nan Xiang.  For a few minutes, we stood before the dumpling station, transfixed by the sight of one of  the cooks making xiao long bao - rolling out the dough, scooping the filling and pinching the dumpling close. Although it was a mild winter day, the decided chill in the air and  the thought of slurping the soup out of the xiao long biao made us giddy with anticipation. As we sat down, we asked for the crab and pork xiao long bao and the scallion and beef pancakes.  Again, the Michelin man became our topic of conversation especially since it was hardly four (4) hours since our last meal and we ourselves are probably turning into the Michelin man.  Over a hundred years since the first publication of the Michelin guide in 1900 to help drivers maintain their cars, find decent lodging, and eat well while touring France, Bibendum (Michelin man's name, taken from the Latin phrase nunc est bibendum or now is the time to drink) graced the shores of New York in 2006.  The integrity of its ratings stem from the fact that Bib does not say when he is visiting, he pays for his dinner and does not accept gifts. And Bib did not let us down.  When the crab and pork xiao long bao was finally served, it didn't take long for us to slurp and savor the crab roe.  It was not salty and the broth was sufficient in amount.  We then turned our attention to the scallion and beef pancake.  The pancake was thick and it was like a thick taco with thin slices of beef smeared with hoisin sauce.  It was a bit salty and oily for me.  Nonetheless, we left satiated and glad that neither Bib nor Yelp let us down with its rating of the xiao long baos here.
HOLY GUACAMOLE is this place good! And this is coming from someone who's not even a fan of soup dumplings, which of course this place makes excellent. I'm a true fan for stuff that's not the dumplings. Those greens with soybean side dish, and that beef pancake? Top notch stuff. I came here expecting sub par other stuff with excellent dumplings, what I got was excellent dumplings with phenomenal other stuff.
Word of advice, don't come here during lunchtime..there will be a long wait. I love this place, only negative thing I can say about them isthat there is always a long wait. You must order their steamed pork buns!We also order some cold appetizers and a stir fry udon noodle or crispy noodle with chicken is great too. Prices are cheap/ reasonable too.
My friend and I were so excited to try these famous soup dumplings that we raced here via subway from Grand Central, and two other friends trekked all the way from Harlem and New Jersey, which in retrospect is pretty damn dedicated for a Tuesday night. Thankfully, Nan Xiang lived up to the hype of being travel-worthy! We followed Yelp advice and ordered an array of soup dumplings (pork & crab, and pork alone), along with some scallion pancakes (both beef and plain), some pan-fried dumplings, and the Beef & Rice Cake dish. The food was absurdly cheap and superbly flavorful and delicious. The only complaint I have is that the pork & crab dumplings didn't taste at all different from the pork; I'm not sure if that's because they actually served us pork dumplings by accident or because the crab is just that flavorless. The soup dumplings were otherwise extremely flavorful and fun to eat to boot, with most of us having a pretty high broth-in-mouth success rate thanks to tips from other reviews. I'd say that the most important part of picking up the dumplings is to make sure not to poke or prod them too much with the tongs (surprise, surprise); it seems to help to use the spoon to pick them up. I highly recommend getting the fried scallion pancake, because there's nothing like broth and fried food to make you feel nice and satiated on a cold night. The pan-fried dumplings were pretty standard, and the rice cake and beef was super tasty despite being a grease-travaganza. That being said, Nan Xiang's dining area is extremely warm, so be prepared to strip like I did.All in all, a fabulous dining experience at Nan Xiang, and if you're in the area you should probably get some bubble tea for dessert from any of the plethora of boba stands in the area.
I used to love this place, but ever since they expanded the food hasn't been what I remembered. And I think the staff has gotten worse (they were okay before compared to other local chinese restaurants). And despite the extra space, it still feels ridiculously crowded. The crowding was almost cozy before expansion, especially in the winter (you need the extra body heat then).  It's a shame, because I have fond memories of eating here with my friends. I'm hesitant to recommend this place, but price-wise I suppose it's worth trying.
Came here on a Saturday night and there was no wait! As opposed to Joe's Shanghai where theres always a wait and you feel rushed. The soup dumplings were amazing! In my opinion the best ones I had in NY so far. Love this place and wish I had a plate of their soup dumplings in front of me right now hahaa.
I'm a newbie when it comes to the Asian food mecca that is Flushing, but the first thing you realize after a short stroll is that you could have a decent lunch for a little more than $5 almost anywhere. And out of all the offerings, Nan Xiang is a definitely a standout. You won't find the gummy and sticky skins in these dumplings, their iterations are absolutely perfect. Never have I had a soup dumpling this delicate that actually held its form. If you've had a xiao long bao before, you'd know the hassle of picking it up without having split and tear on you, and when it's not doing that, it's too thick-skinned and gummy. None of those problems appear here. Aside from the dumplings, their scallion pancakes are great too. It was fried to a perfect golden brown, without it being drenched in oil. Not only that, they've actually seasoned it, unlike the past three iterations I've had of it.
I recently attended Claire's soup dumpling UYE. Despite growing up with Chinese food every Sunday (as the Torah commands), I am still getting exposed to new Asian foods, and had never had xiao long bao. This meal was incredible from start to finish. My experiences were as follows...Sitting next to AMY S 3.bp.blogspot.com/_ySCIT… was a real treat because she helped us order and explained how to eat everything. We started with a CUCUMBER SALAD ferenc.biz/pictures/boys… that had great sesame oil dressing, and a PRESSED TOFU SLAW images.icanhascheezburge… that I loved.We had some other delicious side dishes too (like a bowl of SOY MILK farm3.static.flickr.com/… ), but the important thing is the soup dumplings. When they came out, they were STEAMING healthandphysicaleducati… and could barely be touched. Amy jokingly told me to hold them like a BREAST medindia.net/afp/images/… , which made it hard to MAINTAIN CONTROL 3.bp.blogspot.com/-6z9L5… of the tongs. But, I set out on my journey to FOOD HAPPINESS blog.tmcnet.com/blog/ric….I've never had anything like XLB - it was like getting TWO MEALS IN ONE earthlinggb.files.wordpr… First you get the soup, then the delicious PORK OR CRAB images.cheezburger.com/c…As good as this meal was, it was especially nice to be able to eat with Amy and Elle, two people FAMILIAR WITH THE CUISINE filehurricane.com/viewer…I juddhandler.com/wp-conte… would definitely come back HERE dlewis.net/nik-archives/….
That's right. One star.We went in and were immediately seated right next to the door. Wonderful, since it was 20-something degrees outside. I figured it was because the restaurant was cramped and there were no other seats, so I dealt with it.You'd think that a place known for their xiao long bao would mass produce those babies, especially on a Friday night. But when we asked them, they said that we'd have to wait 20 minutes for an order. 20 minutes! Completely ludicrous. I'd rather just go to Shanghai Cafe and get some xiao long bao that are most likely better and come out 10-15 minutes sooner.Anyway, I went in search of the bathroom because I'd had almost nothing but water and juice the whole day, and when I was heading there, lo and behold, there was another room with plenty of empty tables. Wow. How considerate of them.On a side note, the bathroom was beyond cold. I don't like freezing over when I pee.We all basically went "screw it" and got the hell outta there. Sentosa received three more customers that night.
First, let's get the obvious Xiao Long Bao comparison with Joe's Shanghai out of the way.I believe the title of "Best XLB" is way too subjective but this definitely belongs with the best in NY conversation.  Compared to Joe's, Nan Xiang's XLB have a subtler, less fatty broth while the dumpling skin is softer and ever-so-slightly thicker.  On XLB alone, which place I'd visit on any given day would depend on which side of the Heart Attack/Taste scale I want to be on.  (see Barney Stinson's Crazy/Hot scale for reference)But where Nan Xiang wins hands down are the other dishes.  For direct comparisons, the Shanghai stir-fry noodles, crispy noodles, and noodle soups at Nan Xiang are all far less greasy, more tasty than their counterparts at Joe's.  Plus, the cold appetizers (especially the Spicy Jellyfish) are fantastic in execution, balancing textures and flavors masterfully.  They even have soy milk of the sweet and savory varieties!  (Iced soy milk is very effective in dousing the heat from spicy dishes)Definitely a place to revisit in Flushing!
Believe me when I say that this is the best Shanghainese restaurant in New York City. Do you believe me? Ok now go try it for yourself
I came here on a mission to try their pork soup dumplings - easily the best xlb I've ever had!! The skin was chewy and thin, yet it still encapsulated so much soup. The xlb are pretty big here, so one order was definitely enough to fill me up. Be prepared to wait ~30 minutes, though - even though I was seated promptly at 4:30pm on a weekend, my dumplings didn't come for another 40 minutes. Totally worth the wait though!
I've been here countless times and have never been disappointed. I order the same dishes every time and the food is consistently good.My staples here: pork soup dumplings (of course), pork wrapped in scallion pancake, shanghai pan fried udon with pork, rice cakes with pork, and sometimes the cold sweetened soybean milk. I've also had the shredded pork and snow vegetable noodle soup and that was very good. Pork all day, every day.They've slowly expanded their empire from one of those narrow restaurants on the row of restaurants on that block of Prince Street to THREE. They're trying to keep up with demand, but it seems their kitchen is still the same size. This means that the wait for your food to come out has become longer.I always tell people not to expect good service at Chinese restaurants in Flushing, but just a heads up -- the male waiters are nicer than the female waiters, who either act like they didn't hear you when you asked for water or make you feel like you're asking the world of them. Regardless, I will continue introducing co-workers and bringing friends from out of town here to taste some of the best food there is in Flushing.
I don't think I've found a XLB (xiao long bao- aka. soup dumplings) that rivals those of Shanghai.  I may have found a contender.I like a few in Manhattan (Shanghai Cafe / Shanghai He Ping- to name a few) but none come close to the ones I had in Nan Xiang.The skin of the dumpling is delicate and soft, so you have to be extra careful when picking them up. Handle the dumplings with utmost care, like it's your newborn; it's cute to look at but bruises easily. Yes, I just compared XLB to a newborn baby- sue me, or rather, please don't, I don't have money. I am the 99%.Though, the delicate skin does provide for a fun game night.  Forget board games.  Our table was poking the dumplings as if it was Jenga.  People were keeping score on who successfully carried out the task and got a perfect XLB with no punctures.  Others like me, occasionally had those faces and grunts of frustrations (with hands smacking my face) when I poked the XLB and soup starting running out. (Think of the expression of losing a game of Jenga).Once successful, you are treated to a rich yet light and hearty soup broth.  It warms your soul.  See? Winning has its rewards.  Eat it first without the vinegar to appreciate the burst of flavor.  Combination of delicate dumpling skin and flavorful broth is the success to a winning XLB.Another deal? Their $1 made in-house soy milk.  Order it hot and you are treated to a nice generous bowl (it's probably like 3 cups of soy milk!).  It has a hint of sweetness but you can taste the fresh soy milk, as if the soybeans were just grounded.  The Shanghai udon noodles is another good dish- it's plain (noodles and veggies, no meat) but less is more.  While just a tad greasy, the noodles are cooked "al-dente" and have a springiness to them.  Did I just use an Italian term to describe a chinese dish? Consider me multicultural!The  scallion pancakes were passable; it's basically fried dough.  Fried anything is good, right?  I was expecting more scallions however.Overall, I need to make more stops to Flushings to get my daily dose of these perfect little dumplings.  As a wise man (Lil' Wayne) once said, "I love you like a fat kid loves food."
I love this place. Great service, the food doesn't take forever to be served and it's affordable.
We go to the one on Broadway and 102nd Street. It just opened in December 2014. This place is amazing because it's no bullshit. Everything is under $8. They literally tell you that they do not deliver, nor do they guarantee the quality of their noodles ten minutes after it leaves the kitchen. It's special like that. So, dine-in and be amazed at the quality.
Came by on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. Parked in the underground parking garage in the shopping plaza next door for $3.50/hr. Got seated in about 10 minutes. We ordered the Shanghai udon, chives egg pan fried cakes, and two orders for the steamed cage buns (xiao long bao). Noodles and pan fried chives cake came fairly quickly. No steam buns though. Other tables mumbled about the long wait for their order of buns too and overheard a worker said that the steamer is broken and will take over an hour to fill the outstanding orders. Most people cancelled their orders. Was someone going to let me know the buns got delayed or what? I don't exactly have all day to wait. I asked for the check and requested the rest of the order cancelled. Parked car is on the clock and I am not waiting over an hour for the buns. Got the check for a total of $12 and I put on the tray a $20. After 15 minutes I still haven't gotten my change. Finally flagged down someone on my change and I left without leaving a tip. Waitress stopped my wife and asked no tip. Are they really that clueless?
I have only been here 3 times and the dumplings are awesome. They even give you healthy tea. You just have to watch what time you come here during the week lunch hour the line can get out the door but dinnertime I have always found a seat.
Best soup dumpling place. I love their scallion pancakes and ka fu as well. I don't think I ordered anything else from there but why bother. Thats certainly more than enough.
This place is amazing. There are very few food spots I go back to multiple times and this is one of them. Their menu is simple, delicious and cheap. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on it, but of course the soup dumplings are phenomenal.
One of my favorite Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) places in Flushing. I go to this place more often than any other XLB places. Besides, crab and meat XLB, I also had their fried dumplings, beef pancake, chicken soup, appetizers, and soy milk. They are all pretty good. The only small complain is - I wonder why the crab is so little in crab xiao long bao. It's mixed with meat so I don't taste the crab so much. Also, the seating isn't very comfortable although they expanded the restaurant space. It is usually very crowded.
Very good dim sum and Shanghai style dishes. All very fresh with bright flavors. Service quick and courteous. Clientele is mostly locals (I.e. Chinese), always a good sign. Traditional soup dumplings were among the best we've had, and the beef noodle soup rang with star anise flavor. Recommended among the zillion choices in the immediate area.
To sum it up: good food, shitty service.  My gf and I ordered dumplings, pork buns, rice cakes with pork, and crispy noodles with seafood.  We expected the buns and dumplings first but didn't receive them until the end of the meal when we were just about full.  The rice cakes were great but barely any pork was served with them.  The crispy noodles were delicious with lots of seafood.  The dumplings and buns were tasty as well.  Flushing's Chinatown is definitely an interesting and quirky little area, but the driving and parking is terrible!
My taste buds take it as a personal insult when people say Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings are better than Nan Xiang's. That's outrageous!Seriously, everything on the menu is amazing. It's places like these where I wish I had a second stomach that I could use to swap out my full stomach so I can continue to eat.The cold dishes are great: cucumbers, jellyfish, sliced pig ears, delish!MM likes the crispy noodles with seafood, I prefer the rice cakes with beef.I like their soy milk (sweet or salty) with fried crullers and scallion pancakes with beef.And their soup dumplings, oh their soup dumplings! *.* This is why people squeeze into that narrow entrance, packed like sardines in there on a cold rainy day... it IS worth the wait.
Good place for Xiao long bao. Sitting can be little tight at some spots but that's pretty much the same as other restaurant around prince street. Lovely noodle and cold dishes. Keep in mind they takes cash only.
Great cheap place!! Nice service. They asked me if I could wait 10 minutes so that they could get me a fresh batch of soup dumplings. They wanted me to have fresh dumplings and enjoy it rather than eat 30 minutes old ones. That sort of service is to be appreciated. Restaurants usually try to finish stock.I recommend the crab and pork soup dumplings.
Update review,  u r in chinese restaurant not for the service,  but I ordered Shuman this time , it was cold... well they reduce the item price and that's it., their soup is not special. .. i only like their soup bun. Nothing else is special.
Lovely food. Busy place. Get sliced pigs ears. Beef scallion pancakes. Hot soup dumplings are the best in town. Beef tripe is awesome too.
Tasty dumplings with a range of options. While not NYC's best, they are good, especially considering the neighborhood's few options. Very accessible for those not as interested in a more authentic Flushing dumpling experience.
Try their food for the first time. Try the pork and cabbage soup dumplings, pan-fried pork dumplings, and vegetable noodle soup. The dumplings (both) were okay, but the noodle soup was not satisfying. It was too salty for my taste (think it tasted like MSG?)
I have been craving xiao long bao (soup dumplings) for MONTHS! Finally, on a dreadful Sunday afternoon, VH and I ventured to Flushing and, among other things, wanted to try the soup dumplings at this placeAs a starter we shared a salty soybean milk with Chinese breadsticks (the breadsticks seemed a popular choice around the restaurant) and fermented veggies, which was perfect for the cold and rainy day (we added some hot sauce to it, though). We then had a scallion pancake. The pancake came with beef (a mistake on their behalf, but they didn't charge us for the beef), which was just ok: too much hoisin sauce, and the pancake itself was a bit too oily and heavy.The xiao long bao with crab meat and pork are really delicious: the soup is very rich and flavorful, the meat tender and juicy, with a nice texture and perfect consistency. Certainly the pork flavor overwhelms the crab (a bit more crab, please...), but nonetheless this is a great, sinful, hearty soup dumpling.The place is pretty small, very busy, and there is no waiting area, which means that if you have to wait for a table you may have to wait in the narrow corridor that connects the restaurant to the street, or in the street. For this reason, I wouldn't recommend for a party larger than 4.
great pan fried pork buns!xiao long bao (soup dumplings) (steamed pork buns on their menu) HAVE SO MUCH SOUP! Went with two individuals that were born in china and they both loved it and agreed on the amount of soup. I think their soup dumplings are better than joes shanghai in chinatown.Braised bean curd is fantastic. Has a fresh mozzarella texture, nice spice. The two i went with also really liked the spicy bamboo shoots.
Great soup buns, puts Joes Shanghai to shame.  Secrets out though as non-locals now frequent this place even though there's no English on the awning.  Least crowded for breakfast, cold soy milk here is my favorite.
Found this place looking for a late night bite in Flushing. Very affordable, fantastic soup dumplings served with tangy fresh ginger-seasoned ginger. My boyfriend ordered a dish with minced pork, cabbage, and chewy rice cakes that looked like Korean tteokbokki and it was also super yummy. Only $13 for our meal. This restaurant is conveniently located in Flushing and I will return for sure. Highly recommended.
Best dim sum place to date! Love the scallion pancakes, the rice cakes, and the dumplings! Cash only though!
Best soup dumplings ever. All the food is actually pretty good, but the dumplings is a must have. I come here all the time, the Shanghai Nice noodle is great.The wait time used to be long because the place was pretty small now it has grown it took on to other stores next to it.
I decided to give this place a try again. Originally, I was planning on trying "Spicy and Tasty" down the block, but they were already closed (and thankfully so because we wouldn't have noticed their C sanitary inspection rating otherwise!).XLB's: A little bland to me. Pricey, especially given that they only come six in an order at a higher price than what you'd normally pay for eight elsewhere.Spicy beef noodle soup: I tried it again and I didn't like it. It was good, just not for me. Not very spicy, but the broth did have flavor from the peppers.Scallion noodles: Plain noodles seasoned with some sesame oil and soy sauce. Plain and simple with good flavor.Vegetable dumplings: I didn't get to try these, but my girl who had them said they were good.Also note: There aren't many vegetarian options. Vegetarians, you'll be limited to about three or four dishes at most.
Its hard not to compare these dumplings to Joe's. This place is good, yes but I like the soup in my dumplings to be big in flavor, and fattier. I really didnt think nan xiang did it for me.  BUT .... The other dishes on the menu are freaking amazing, the scallion pancake with the sliced beef is wonderful and so are the seafood pan fried noodles.I really appreciate that they have only ONE misspelling on the menu! YAY !
I'm downgrading Nan Xiang because of the crappy customer service. The last time I came, THEY were the ones who screwed up an order. They brought the wrong dish. I had taken a bite of the wonton or dumpling (don't remember), and tasted/saw it wasn't the dish we had ordered. Then they had the audacity to still charge us for the dish since I had touched it. Excuse me? How was I supposed to know that it was wrong without touching or taking a bite? Since when does the customer need to pay when the company makes the error?Now that they have a solid customer base, they just don't care anymore about keeping their patrons coming.
Supposedly the best dumpling restaurant in NY and well, I can't say that I agree. I had:-Soup dumplings-Spicy won tons-Seafood fried noodles-Scallion pancake-Shao Mai dumplings-Pot stickersThe vinagar soy sauce is meant for the soup dumplings and were paired well. I loved the seafood noodles and recommend anyone eating here to try it. Even though it was pricier than back home at $9.95Overall, just OKAY and not the best i've had.
Hands down, best soup dumplings in the city.But the rest of the food was a greasy soggy disappointment
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao is well known in Flushing as having some of the best little soup dumplings.  If you come here after 9:30 a.m., you will be waiting for a table.  Come early, 'nuff said. For a short time, I had a small table to myself.  As I waited for my food to arrive (about twenty minutes cooking time), they let a party of two sit at my table.  I wasn't sitting in the nicest of tables, closest to the bathroom and near the serving and inside counter, the waitresses were hustling back and forth, causing me not to relax.  Lots of loud, frantic energy as the ladies rushed around and also rushed you to finish.  I saw lots of patrons enjoying noodle soups, rice cake, rice rolls, fried cruellers and dumplings all before 10:00 a.m.  The Xiao Long Bao or steamed pork buns are freshly made and has thin skin, though I have seen thinner.  They come six to an order and a small silver tong is included for $5.50 served on top of cabbage in a steamer.  I used my chopsticks instead and tried to mobilize my dumpling but the first puncture happened and a lot of soupy goodness spilled on my plate and another time in the steamer.  With only 2 small mishaps, I did pretty good.   The thing to do is grab the dumpling gingerly and then place it on your soup spoon.  Bit a small hole and suck up some of the soupy loveliness, then if you like the black vinegar and ginger, add that and eat the remaining dumpling or you can put vinegar dip on the bottom of your soup spoon and then place the dumpling on top.   The meat has nice flavor, I can taste pepper and the soup has a nice sweetness to it.  Don't let them cool down too much, as the skin tastes a lot better when it is warm.  I also had the scallion pancake and it was nicely browned and heavier than I expected.  After eating this meal, I wasn't hungry the rest of the day.  On another yelping expedition, I had a bowl of soy milk, fried bun with chives and egg and the Shanghai shui mai.  The fried bun looked like a giant empanada.  Inside it was filled with Chinese chives, small fried egg bits and rice sticks (cellophane noodles).  The filling was a bit on the greasy side and the giant empanada look too limp like it needed lots more filling.   The shui mai had a thin wrapper and was stuffed with sticky rice and each shui mai had a pea on top.  This one was very bland and dry. I would definitely not order this item again.  The soy milk was a great accompaniment to this meal and help me wash it all down. So when a place such as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao has XLB in its name, don't deviate.  Stick to the steamed soup dumplings.  Four stars for the Xio Long Bao and soy milk, three stars for everything else and two stars for rushy service.
A word to the wise: if you get here, you're told your wait is 10-15 minutes, and you're handed #18 when they've just called #5...you're going to be waiting a bit longer than that. Nan Xiang is a popular joint on the weekends, and if there's a crowd, you can probably sneak away and grab a bubble tea or a snack from nearby and make it back before you're called. We made it back just as they called the number after us, but my girlfriend's Chinese came in handy and got us seated just as they finished cleaning up a table. Service is your typical Chinese, although I don't even think the guy who served us had any working knowledge of English outside of the numbers used to sit people. I don't care as long as I get my food, though...This place is noted for their soup dumplings, but honestly...I could take them or leave them. I appreciate the thin skin and hearty amounts of broth that they come with, but I prefer the dumplings to be of thinner skin and to be smaller as well - similar to what's prevalent out in San Francisco or some of the smaller joints in Manhattan Chinatown I've been to. It's also more expensive - you get 6 large ones for $6.50; you can definitely get more for less back on the island. The main reason to come here is the scallion pancake with sliced beef. Forget about this place being called a dumpling house; this place knows how to make a freakin' tasty scallion pancake. The dough is much more pastry-like in texture in that it's chewy and doesn't come off as overly greasy/oily as other pancakes do. Throw in tender sliced beef and a heapin' helpin' of hoisin (how do you like that for alliteration!) sauce, and you have yourself three slices of heaven for $3.95. So much win in this dish, and by far the best pancake I've had anywhere to date. The kau fu was standard but pretty good, while the fried pork buns were good, if not as sizeable and juicy as the ones I had at Shanghai Gourmet in Manhattan.Be prepared to wait a little bit if you come here during prime lunch hours, but it is worth the wait. Soup dumplings are good, but the epic win at Nan Xiang comes from the beef scallion pancake.
This place is cash only which I hate but it is a thing in most places in NYC. We just got the soup dumplings and I have to say that the service was quiet terrible, so I'm glad we didn't get more than one item.
Reasonable price, great service, and great food.. What more can I ask from a restaurant? Their xiao long bao is out of this world.. and they have this soy drink which has just the right amount of sweetness to finish off a great meal. Definitely recommended.
I don't generally like Chinese food (sorry!) But this place is amazing. When food is really done precisely and authentically, you really cannot go wrong.It's usually very busy, but I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes for a table - even when we once walked in with a group of 15 people on a Saturday night. I'm still not sure how they were able to accommodate all of us - but they did! And it was great!The menu is straight forward and easy to understand - and pay for. Prices are insanely inexpensive. I always get the scallion pancakes, the pork juice buns and the crispy noddles. My fiance (Jon R.) does not like the crispy noodles BUT I am a fan! The texture of crispy, savory, and saucy really does it for me. And of course, don't forget the soup dumpling!Forget Chinatown, Flushing is the real deal. If you want authentic, delicious and a great overall experience - Nan Xiang is all that and a bag of chips.
I have been here twice and the service sucked both times I went here that every time someone suggest that we go here I refuse to eat here. First time I went here we only ordered xiaolongbao and they even forgot our order so much so that the table who was seated after us had their dishes and xiaolongbao first. It took about an hour for it to come after we asked them what happened to our order which they said they forgot. Second time I went here the same thing happened and I was with another person who wanted to try their xiaolongbao. Even worst was this place wasn't even busy when they forgot our order. I don't see what's even great about their xiaolongbao, the pork and crab soup dumplings in Joe Shanghai is more flavorful in my opinion. I was going to give this place another try a few months ago with another person, we saw the rating they had and we went to Joe Shanghai instead because Joe had a better clean rating.
I was here on on Wednesday 5/1/13 and was a bit disappointed. Price is a bit steep now that I've had a chance to really pay attention to it but I suppose that comes along with being located in Flushing. In general, things seem to be more expensive in Flushing than the Brooklyn or Chinatown counterparts but you can't really be super picky about it when it comes to soup dumplings. They're kind of a rare commodity so choices are limited... Beggars can't be choosers.I ordered scallion pancakes which came out crispy (good), but very greasy and bland, and severely lacking in the key ingredient: scallions!Had one order of dumplings (6) which cost about $6 I think, which is not cheap when you compare to Joe's Shanghai. They came out piping hot and tasted good though.Also ordered shredded pork with rice cakes. They were extremely greasy (which I've come to expect from rice cakes in general) but the order was ridiculously small. It didn't even fill up the serving plate it came on. Other than the grease, it was good.Service was okay - they came by and refiled my tea and cleared off the empty dumpling tray. What can I say? They did their job. It was the middle of the week, after all, and there was barely anyone in the restaurant.Total price was about $20 after tax+tip for the above meal which didn't really fill up me and my wife. This place has gone downhill a bit...
This place is AMAZING!!! I thought I had the best Taiwanese cuisine in LA, aka the food MECCA, but this beats anything I've ever had out there. The scallion beef pancake is so crunchy and fluffy and the meat used in the spicy beef noodle soup is soft! Great price, great food... Just.... Wow. :)
I came here expecting A LOT because of all the hype but came out slighly disappointed.Of course, having the name Nan Shian, you better pull your own weight in the xiaolongbao department and to be honest it wasn't bad.  People have been telling me that it is one of the best in NY and if this is the best, then they best get out to LA and have a little taste.  Price is reasonable for xiaolongbao.  Good juiciness from the meat and they give you the ginger soy sauce mix that cuts into the fatness of xiaolongbao.  Also tried to crab roe variation.  Not as strong as I expected but you can still taste the crab.I did like their cold side dishes though.  Pig ear, "fuchifeipian", and the seaweed were all very delicious.  Lots of chili oil but don't worry it is more of a mild spiciness.  Also had the green onion cake beef wrap.  I think that was my favorite.  Braised slices of beef and sauce was good but the crispiness of the green onion cake really makes the dish stand out.Overall, still a nice spot in Flushing for solid Shanghainese/Chinese food but not something that's a "must" for me the next time I'm in NY.
Very fresh and hot food, tastier than NYC Chinatown and worth the trip from Manhattan....the only thing lacking was attentive service, but the waitstaff was friendly when they did appear
This is kind of all I day dream about when lunch time comes around and I am nowhere near Flushing.XLB and beef scallion pancakes were BOMB!!I played it safe with these recommended dishes and I wasn't disappointed. There was no room left for dessert but maybe next time I'll go for it. Suck it Joe Shanghai.
Great price and really good soup dumplings! Got the green scallion pancake with shredded beef and found it to be overwhelming with the sauce. Would stick with regular green scallion pancake next time! Sweet hot soybean milk was almost as good as my momma's! :)
You're by Roosevelt and Main St thinking about what you should eat. Asian food of course! I've been wanting dumplings for a while so this place was exactly what I needed. The pork dumplings, pork buns, and scallion pancakes were all pretty good. The portions are big and the prices are negligible. This is a great brunch/lunch spot. I don't think I'd do dinner here unless it was to go. It doesn't have the ambiance for that unless maybe it's just you and a bunch of friends.
Delicious dumping but terrible customer service!  Really bad, may be this is New York standard.
I seriously love this place!   I don't visit as often as I would like to b/c I hate the drive to flushing from Brooklyn.  But whenever I'm in Queens it's a must stop for me.Xiao Long Bao & scallion pancake w/beef are my must haves !   Then I wash down all the food with a bowl of warm soy bean milk--- yes I said bowl. It's served in a soup like bowl.I always go during the late afternoon and never waited more than 10 mins for a table.  As for service-- it's the same for most restaurants in Chinatown & Flushing--- they seat you, take your order, bring your food, bring your check. Period.
My boyfriend and I went to this place because our favorite Chinese spot (Lao Dong Bei) was closed. We were first sat at a table literally that less than a foot away from another couple (we might as well have been sitting at the same table as them). There were at least 5 other tables open, so we asked to move to a different table. I'm not really sure who the server was, there were two different people helping us. The female server was very unpleasant and inattentive. She was slamming dishes around angrily and forgot one of the items we ordered. The food was alright, I liked the spicy pork wontons (not actually spicy though) and the pork soup dumplings (they are called steamed pork buns on the menu, which kind of confused me but whatever). Overall, I probably won't be back. Try Lao Dong Bei for great food and great service, they don't speak much English but you can make it work.
Food ======$5.50 6 pieces, xiao long baoImmediately, that soup dumpling tasted gooood. But I have no basis of comparison.. as that was my first. Unless of course I had it in a less extravagant setting (say the basement of the Golden Mall) for 12 pieces, $3.30, in which case... both were good in their different ways? Kudos on their dipping sauce as well; always nice to see some julienne-d ginger. Decor=======Chinese, wooden bamboo, all that goodnessService======When it's crowded, not so much good service, but when they aren't so harried it's not too bad.Extra!======- Complimentary hot tea
The only thing i recommend is the crab pork dumpling. Other than that, i tried the beed scallion pancake which had good reviews but it had an old beef and oily  taste. The vegetable dumpling is a waste of money. It was one of the worse dumplings i ever had in my life. I think joe shanghai is much better except for parking. This place is rated c and the restaurant is not the cleanest.
This review is waaaaaaaaay overdue considering the amount of times I've come here.For me, this is my benchmark for comparing all other soup dumplings. Unfortunately for me, no other soup dumpling place has ever come CLOSE to this benchmark so I end up coming here for my soup dumpling fix. If I lived closer, I would put this restaurant as my address because that's where you'd find me. This place is the real deal. Ask me about anything else on this menu? Don't kid yourself. If you come here and DON'T eat the soup dumplings, you've just wasted precious moments of your life.Look, to put it simply.. they make their soup dumplings FRESH. The broth is really clean unlike other places where they offer very murky tasting soup. Their scallion pancake with beef is also REALLY damned good. It can get a bit heavy so I highly suggest you use the red pepper flake hot oil to cut the heaviness. Nan Xiang Dumpling House is just something that is irreplaceable to me. They have a wonderful balance of meat to broth that I have yet to find anywhere else.Pretty sure this place is cash only. Their service is okay at best, their soup dumplings come out slow (because they're fresh) but their soup dumplings are bar none the best thing I've ever had!
Went there for XLB, found another favorite.  Pork and vegetable wonton in spicy sauce. The sauce is more savory than spicy; it is sesame & peanut oil with soy sauce. Unsuspecting combinations of excellence.
Don't get me wrong, I love this place, but that might be mostly due to nostalgia. Nan Xiang is a place I've been going to since I was a tiny tot (well I went to People's people's which sold the same food and was located in the same spot). I love the food there, but it's definitely gone down hill significantly. Here is the timeline of their slow descent. First they were tiny and had the single room which was almost always packed. You had to wait a long time, but the service was great and the food was great. Totally worth the wait.Then they expanded and it was still good, but some recipes definitely changed. The beef wrapped in shao bing became scallion pancake wrapped instead. Then the scallion pancake became deep fried and sort of tasteless. Their service started going downhill because they have the same waitresses (literally the same), but triple the number of customers. This meant sitting at a table for 30 min to get plates and tea. Then 10 more min to get your order taken. The food still comes out pretty quick, but bland. The salty soy milk was bland. How does that work? The wait staff is, understandably, stressed and really unfriendly. You might have to ask 20 times to get some chili sauce. I might have reached the point where the wait is no longer worth it.
I got the chance to try Nan Xiang when my mom brought me there for lunch.  A few years ago, the place was just the size of one store front, but now due to the popularity of the place, they expanded their seating area to the store next to them and the wait now is not as terrible as before.  The restaurant is busy all hours of the day, but not to fret!  The turnover of this place is pretty quick.  I think the longest I've wait was about 20 minutes, but it's worth it!!  When you are seated, the very first thing to do is ORDER THE XIAO LONG BAOS!!  They serve 2 types: the original type, and the one with a crab meat mix.  Each order comes with 6 delicious, juicy dumplings!!  Nan Xiang's XLBs are definitely the best I've had.  Other dishes I also ordered (on this visit):-spicy beef and tripe: it's a cold appetizer and super spicy, but so delicious!  -The fried pork buns: juicy pork wrapped inside the bun, panfried leaving a crispy bottom!-Scallion Pancakes: light, airy, crispy fried pancakes that just melts in your mouth when you take a bite!-Rice cake with beef: a bit oily, but the rice cakes were dough and chewing, stir fried with strips of beef and vegetables like carrots and cabbage.  A definite must have!I definitely recommend this place over Joe's Shanghai, cheaper and definitely tastier!!
I'm not saying only Shanghainese people know how to make Shanghainese food. On the contrary, my favorite place for Shanghainese food proves, time after time, to be Jade Garden, a mammoth chain in Shanghai owned by the Taiwanese. The source of my favorite XLBs in the world are found in a Taiwanese chain, Din Tai Fung (overpriced etc etc, but the crab xlbs are the best anywhere and everywhere). But all of the failed attempts at Shanghainese food (and namely Xiaolongbaos) in New York is a disgrace. This is a dump. The food served here (aside from the XLB) is fit for a migrant worker. Seriously, this place makes my neighborhood XLB takeout spot in Shanghai look like a palace. I ordered jellyfish and seaweed to start, which were the biggest and most offensive mistakes I have ever committed as a Shanghainese person. I am trying not to think about what object was actually served in the jellyfish dish, and the seaweed dish was sent back before any damage was done. Secondly, how is any of the flavoring in these dishes even remotely Shanghainese??? NEVER IN MY LIFE. I feel like it's insulting that they would even serve this, this is your attempt at Shanghainese? It's reduced to this? Yeah it was cheap ($5 for jelly fish), but I would've much rather paid more for a decent plate of jelly fish that isn't piled high like that, or how about you just don't?The Xiaolongbaos came next. They were decent. To be fair, I have not had any great XLBs in New York and generally don't like XLBs, maybe from eating too much when I was a kid. The main issue, I think, is the meat. The pork in these dumplings are bland and clearly not fresh, the flavors in the broth owe a lot to the seasoning, which is pretty intense to be fair. But there's no..."xian" in the meat. The skin is on the thick side and the size of the XLBs are way too big? Is this super size me? As far as NYC goes, I guess they're an ok option. Finally, we ended the meal with pan fried noodles and rice cakes. I liked both of these dishes. But I'll be honest with you, this is one of those restaurants that no Shanghainese person would go to if it were in Shanghai.
We were on a business trip and friends of my co-worker's brought us here.  I'm from L.A. and the best dumplings I had was at Ding Tai Fung.  I wouldn't say Nan Xiang was better than Ding Tai Fung, but they both have the best dumplings!  We also had some appetizers (jellyfish, beef tripe) and fried noodles and they were good.  The place looked clean but I only wish they had a nicer bathroom.
XIAO LONG BAO!!!! This is another Xiao Long Bao place other than Joe's Shanghai.. I love this place because they have smaller tables and you don't have to sit in a big round table with different groups of people.. It's so hard to share in Joe.. So I ordered the normal xiao long bao and the crab xiao long bao.. Both are good.. The skin of the dumpling is sooooo thin and you have to carefully grab it without spilling the soup in the dumpling.. I don't think I know how to pick it up without failing.. So I used my hand instead.. :P I only failed once out of 6.. :P my friend failed half of the time.. aha.. :P We also ordered Fried Shredded Chicken rice cake.. It's really good and authentic.. I am so hungry so I ate quite a lot... LOVE LOVE LOVE it.. and it's cheap too.. :) Can't believe I can get a meal in NYC without paying more than 15 bucks!!! WOW!!!!
The best soup dumplings I have ever had! I've had it 2x before and 2 other restaurants which were all really good but this place is the best out of the 3 I've tried so far! I highly recommend the pork soup dumplings. It's the most flavorful of them all. We also got the sesame pancake that everybody raves about and it was really good too! All in all, this will now be my go to place for soup dumplings whenever I'm in NY.
Best soup dumplings in Queens. Soup dumplings are new for me. Being a white guy, "dumplings" are dumplings has been my POV. How wrong I am. The Nan Xiang soup dumplings are hand made by a crew in the small kitchen you pass going to your table. The dumpling cover is thin and not doughy like other dumplings. The meat filling is a great blend of "whatever" and tastes great with the flavorful broth inside the packet. The trick - which I have not fully mastered - is to eat your order of dumplings without leaving any soup on your plate. Don't go here for the ambiance or to be fussed over by waitstaff. Go for the amazing dumplings.
Had high expectations for the shanghai dumplings at Nan Xiang, being located in Flushing and all, but the pork filling had a strange taste that I wasn't quite used to. It just tasted a bit off, like there was a different seasoning or a different cut of pork used. Not sure what it was, but I don't think I'd come back here for xiao long bao. You still need some skill to not break the skin when picking it up from the steamed bamboo trays. It's nice that you can see the chefs making the XLB right before your eyes since the dumpling folding station is opened to the eating area. The prices were also very reasonable, which was expected for a restaurant in Flushing.
I've been here at least a dozen times and the soup dumplings have been consistently delicious!!!I've had soup dumplings at the famed Din Tai Fung Dumpling House (at the original LA location) and Nan Xiang's are superior. They're also A MILLION times better than the sucky ones served at the tourist/American trap Joe's Shanghai. (My ranking: Nan Xiang,  Din Tai Fung, Joe's Shanghai lagging far behind) The dumplings here are larger than those served at other restaurants so they come 6 to an order instead of the usual 8. The dumpling skin is the perfect thickness (or should I say, thinness!) and hold a mouthful of yummy soup.Skip the rice cakes here - they're super oily. I'd recommend the appetizer dishes they keep in the front of the restaurant especially the cucumber with garlic and the spicy beef with tripe. End your meal with some hot soy milk and an order of red bean puffs.
Wonton good but beware, they are vert skimpy with meat..Beef chow fun, $9.95 had literally 6 piece of small cut of beef, the chicken hot pot $9.95 had the same amount of chicken with 5 broccoli and a Hugh amount of rice.  Is never seen a restaurant that is so stingy. You will not get the value they overcharge. The food is okay, but you will feel like your eating vegetables and starch because of their stingyness.  not a good value for your money. Too bad.
This used to be my go to spot for Xiao Long Baos, but ever since their renovation they've definitely gone downhill. Not sure if I can provide an alternative... guess you could always go hang out with the tourists at Joe Shanghai.
Delicious soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and fried soup dumplings (sheng jian bao), average other food, in a small, clean restaurant with an efficient and friendly staff. I have tried almost all the other well known soup dumpling places and these were the juiciest and most flavorful (we had the pork ones...oops, there I go again Rabbi - sorry!). Also take Jin Y's advice and get two orders because you do only get 6, not 8 pieces per order.We also tried the scallion pancakes and pan fried dumplings. If you come here, come for soup dumplings or  fried soup dumplings. The flavor of both are amazing!
Best soup dumplings in New York City hands down. Besides the pork soup dumplings, I recommend the beef and tripe and/or the cucumber cold appetizers. This place is cash only and usually there is a wait for tables. Don't expect good or attentive service but do expect warm brothy perfect soup dumplings.
Joe's Shanghai takes a close second. These are the best I have had outside Shaghai. Worth the wait. But you dont have to if you get up early enough.
Food is yummy as always but the waiters are just unacceptable. We came in and said hi and asked for a table for two. The lady said "in the back" and we walked to the back. Another guy yelled at us for walking to the back....when we were finally seated and ready to order, the waitress asked what we would like, as I was talking, she was talking to another table! =___='
Def worth the hype and its michelin stars as you can tell by the many reviews for this spot.Place is authentic, no question you come here get the crab/pork soup dumplings, a lot of em.Price is very reasonable, great value here.However, their noodle dishes (particularly cripsy noodles) are very delicious and fresh.Service can be worked on as are a majority of asian restaurants, but this place is always pretty busy and serving out delicious handmade soup dumplings.  Be careful they are very hot with lots of tasty steamy broth sauce inside.  Only neg, no booze.If your looking for another appetizer & want to try something you wouldn't see at your normal take out try the spicy beef and tripe, or drunken chicken.  Cant go wrong here.  O yeah remember CASH ONLY !
Yes this place has the best soup dumplings in the area (and even past the flushing area for which a long while). It is their specialty - they have 5 people alone making them in the back - if that's not dedication to some great soup dumplings then i don't know what is. If I go, i'll always get the cold appetizers they have in the front (so you can just point if you don't quite know what the menu says). They are great to share or snack on. And the portions are quite good.The pork/cabbage noodle soup was surprisingly really good. It's a nice light dish with really nice textured noodles. I usually get this one.One thing with the xiao long bao - eat them quickly. The skin will get hard - but be gentle because you do not want to break them otherwise the juice ( which is the point of these little baos) will flow out. They get 5 stars for the xiao long bao but 4 because there are certain dishes that are better elsewhere but - its no a big deal - because the other dishes aren't their specialty. It would be a problem if their specialty sucked. Personally, northern chinese food has never really been mind blowing for me. Their dishes are good for what they are i'll say that though. I'll always go here if I want xiao long bao but i'll never crave anything else on their menu. That is why its only 4 stars as opposed to 5.
Enjoyed the food and service here over and over.. Great Stinky Tofu.Best rice and beef combos around.  We got stuck in a rainstorm and stayed for about 3 hours.  There is a warm and family feel to the place.
Also known as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, this restaurant is always packed with lines going along the curb outside. Why? I had no idea until I finally came here at 9pm on a week night when the crowds were almost non-existent. Along the strip of small restaurants along Prince St., you wouldn't know about this hidden gem unless by word of mouth. Situated in this small restaurant is about ~10 tables, with one large 8-10 person table.The menu is fairly small so you won't spend a lot of time trying to decide what to order. For our party of 4, we ordered several dishes which the scallion pancakes came out in about 5 minutes, and the remaining dishes in another 5 minutes:- Scallion pancake with sliced beef ($3.75) - OMG. This dish was DELICIOUS!! It tasted like Pekking duck with the Hoisin Sauce (Sweet Bean Sauce) but wrapped in Indian nan bread. I definitely recommend getting this dish or possibly even two orders, as there are only 3 pieces per order.- Shanghai pan fried udon ($6.95) - Noodles were thick and served al dente, with just the right amount of yummy greasiness.- Rice cake with beef ($6.95) - Rice cakes were soft with a subtle firmness, none of them clumping/sticking together. Beef was tender and flavorful. This dish was perfect, the sauce not overly abundant, where at other restaurants you can find this dish drowning in sauce.- Steamed pork buns ($5.50) for 6 - We ordered two dishes of trays of this. These small steam pork buns (dumplings) were very tasty with a good amount of juice inside, similar or possibly even better than Joe Shanghai. Be sure when biting into this, to suck the juice out so it doesn't leak all over your dish. Pour a little ginger soy sauce on top, and mmm, mmm yummy. And don't forget them as soon as they're served, steaming hot!Mmmm, I'm definitely a big fan of this place and could understand why this place can get so crowded. If you do get a chance to check this place out, I definitely recommend getting the Xiao Long Bao (Steamed Pork Buns) and the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef. These are two dishes that will make your stomach and soul pleasantly happy.
Great soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and everything! I especially liked the rice cake and beef. The rice cakes have a really interesting texture- not interesting weird, interesting tasty- and the dish had a lot of flavor. Went with 5 people, got a ton of dishes and it was an even $15 each with tip.
i found this place thru youtube video. food was good but service was ehh. i was there with my boyfriend we didnt wait too long to be seated. we got soup dumplings, soy milk andcrispy dough. overall food tasted good. but besides being seated fast waiter wasnt friendly or nice. i would go back for the food for sure.
Order the buns!!! Order the buns!!! Order the buns!!!I was a bit pessimistic about trying this place since I've been a Joe's fan for quite some time. But let me tell you, these buns are just as good, if not, dare I say... better than Joe's.This place can get busy, but you have to talk to yourself and realize that sometimes... good things come to those who wait. You'll be glad you did.Their homemade soy milk for $1 comes in bowl, that may make you feel like a cat... but don't worry, just drink it! It's good!I ordered sliced pig ear, and it was all I hoped it to be! Porky, chewy, soy-y, spicy, ear-y.  If you're one of those people that loves to eat cartilage off the bone of a chicken wing, then you'll like the texture of the ears. Fantastic.The hot pepper and beef noodle soup is good, and seems like a very popular item, but order the pork or pork and crab buns along side. Trust me, they're worth it!
The food are good. The price is reasonable. It is crowded most of time. But that proves this is a good place.
Way better than Joe Shanghai. This place is legit. Dumplings are large and savory, the side dishes(cucumber salad) is a perfect addition to the dumplings. If you're into noodles, try their house pork and vegetable noodles. Great flavor!
Totally fantastic soup dumplings!
This here is the best xiao long bao, or soup dumplings, in NYC.  The lines may be long at times, but it's worth the wait.  Although I recommend going early in the evening, especially if you are trekking to Flushing on the weekends, because the line will stay long for quite a few hours during dinner time.  The soup dumplings here have me wondering why the hell anybody actually think Joe's Shanghai is so great.  Nan Xiang puts Joe's Shanghai to shame.I have been to this restaurant numerous times by now and their soup dumplings have never disappointed.  They have two basic kinds - the regular soup dumplings with pork and the crab soup dumplings.  The crab soup dumplings are not entirely made of crab, but a mixture of both crab and pork.  The sign of good soup dumplings is that when you bite into one even with the slightest of pressure, the soup squirts out.  It requires the thinnest of dumpling skins and the right amount of soup inside the dumplings.  You will find that if you are not careful eating the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang, all the soup will fall into your spoon or bowl.  What you want to do is bite the top ever so slightly and slurp up the soup.Everything being said, however, I do not really like the other dishes Nan Xiang has to offer.  I really only go there for the soup dumplings.
Great xlb. One of the better ones I try in nyc. Food taste authentic. I would have 5 stars but my pan fried buns meat inside was not cooked all the way. Glad my hubby caught it before my son and I eat it.
So glad there's an alternative in Flushing for XLBs! We went for lunch and ordered both the pork and pork/crabmeat XLBs, scallion pancake and vegetable noodle soup. The XLBs did not disappoint. I am still a fan of Joe's but if the line is too long on any given day, I would highly recommend you check out Nan Xiang. The scallion pancake and soup were decent but nothing to write home about. Bonus: there is a municipal lot right across the street which is convenient.
Shanghai specialists.   Breakfast is crowded.  Lunch is busy.  Dinner is crowded. Why? Because its delicious
THinner skin than joes shanghai and more juice. Best in City to me.
This place was a great find! Would recommend to anyone craving authentic Chinese dumplings and rice cake. My fiance and I got the soy milk, fried dough, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, and rice cake with veggies. All of it was excellent, fresh, and delicious. The only thing that could have been better was that the soy milk could have been served hotter. It was lukewarm. The price was great, the wait was about 10 minutes on a Sunday around noon. The decor was meh, but does anyone go to this type of place expecting ambiance? I embrace the lack of decor as indicative of good, authentic Chinese food.
Love this place. This is the first place I ever had soup dumplings. About 5 years ago. After hearing about them, I decided to check yelp and find the best ones in the area. These pork soup dumplings are so flavorful and juicy. The best! I've tried them from other places, but these are better. The skin is nice and thin, has the perfect texture. Every time I go back I decide to try something new as well. Among my favorites are the scallion pancake with beef, the cold edamame salad with some tofu looking stuff, crispy fried noodles, vegetable dumplings, cucumbers. I don't speak Chinese so I can't say what the real names are but, Everything I've tried is good and tastes fresh. There are closer dumpling places where I live, but this place is worth the drive. Compared to other places in the area, the service is good regardless of the language barrier. It also looks and smells cleaner than one of the other popular soup dumplings spots close by.
Been to this place a couple of times already and won't stop coming. There is a reason why there's usually a (rather quick moving) line out the door on a typical weekend morning- the Shanghai dumplings are delicate, hot soupy explosions in your mouth! Our now usual order includes the steamed pork-crab dumplings and scallion beef pancakes. Tea is poured the minute you sit down with no water in sight, it's a lot of hotness going on and thank goodness they have air conditioning during these summer days or I would melt altogether. 4 stars only is for the service which isn't the greatest - in fact actually a bit rude (a server quickly reached over another table to get our check/payment). The tables are very close together and servers are running around and look verrrry busy so it may seem a little overwhelming at first, but the restaurant is popular and man those soup dumplings.. are too darn good to miss.
It's a good place to eat and the price has always been good.  I discovered this place years before it became popular with other borough people and suburbanites.  I sort of wish it was 15 years ago when I didn't have to wait 30 minutes for a seat on Saturdays.  The dumplings are excellent and I love the scallion pancakes.  The service, on the other hand, is not so good.  The waitstaff pretty much just hands you the menu, takes your order, then gives you the check.  They never check up on you to how you're doing.  I have never had one come over to my table and fill my cup with water/tea unless I waved at him/her.  BTW they don't speak English.  There is one table where they should not seat patrons.  It is the table that faces the front door.  During the winter cold air constantly hits the patrons at that table as the door is opened and closed by customers.
Great food, waiters are friendly, good come out fast. I love the Bao here more than another one in flushing. I come here whenever I crave for soy milk and delicious cold appetizer dishes!
OMFG. This place is the real deal. I have been to Nanxiang Long Xiao Bao twice now and each time did not disappoint. I left feeling full, with delicious authentic Chinese food in my belly, and the price simply cannot be beat in New York.The first time I went, we ordered pork juice bun, vegetable dumplings, and crispy noodles. All of the dumplings were superb and succulent, but the noodles were not so great. That's when we noticed no one around us had ordered the crispy noodles, and everyone had these thick udon-like noodles. We asked the waiter what those were and ordered those instead, and it was DIVINE! Even with the added entree, the cost came out to only about $9 a person!The second time we went, we knew not to get the crispy noodles. We of course went for those udon noodles, and also got an appetizer of scallion pancake. The scallion pancake was superb! Not too oily and greasy, as I've had it elsewhere, but very delicious. I highly recommend it, and Nan Xiang!
We were here for lunch around 2 in the afternoon & the place was pretty packed! We had to wait for about 10 minutes to be seated. We ordered the xiao long bao, pan fried dumplings, crispy noodles with chicken, & the beef noodle soup. The beef noodle soup were really good but everything else were just alright. The service were just alright. It was quite annoying when the staff kept on taking our hot sauce away.
4 stars for the food-I don't usually eat more than one soup dumpling, but the dumplings here are so tasty. I devour all of them. - the beef pancake(not sure if it's how they translate it) is fantastic. It's got a big portion of beef strips with a sweet sauce. - the turnip cake is also very tasty when fresh. The turnip strips are in the center of a deep fried outer-crust. It's fantastic. I highly recommend it. 3 stars for the service- water/tea has never been refilled by the waitresses, but the one waiter is highly attentive- no one is particularly friendly, but neither is anyone rudeThe location is extremely inconveniencing. It's quite a walk away from main st in flushing, which requires an annoying commute. The few times that I have eaten here were before 10 am on a Sunday, thus I didn't have to wait... Without being driven here and without having to wait, I would not bother coming here. Food isn't gonna make my migraine from the commute and the wait go away.
Cheap and absolutely delicious. Ordered the Oan fried Udon, Pork and Crab steamed dumplings and scallion pancakes with sliced beef. Everything was delicious, the dumplings spewed yummy soup, the scallion pancake is porbably the best I have really had so far and the Udon was tender and tasty with the right amount of flavor. My meal included 2 Ting Tsao's and the bill was $25- for 2 peoplr with A grade in Flushing. I WILL BE BACK.
If you know Joe's Shanghai, then you know there is always a huge line and you'll always feels rushed when you actually are seated.  This is by far the best alternative to Joe's.  The menu is a little more limited than Joe's, but really you are going for the xiao long baos (soup dumplings). For starters, this place has a much friendlier atmosphere the Joe's I have been too.  Oftern times there is a wait, but no longer than 30 mins.  Tables are also pretty accommodating for groups up to ~8 people.  There are all different varieties of people, varying in race and age.  To me, that's a sign of a place with a reputation for good food. Staff is very helpful and nice.  There English is up to par so there is never really any confusion.  Choices for soup dumpings are pork or crab/pork.  They come in sets of 6,  while Joe's come in sets of 8.  If you are new to eating XLB's, make sure you ask someone nearby how it's done or you won't get the full effect of the deliciousness that is the xiao long bao. What I find to be the best about these dumplings is that the skin is thinner than Joe's which allows you to eat more or feel less full. There are other delicious foods as well. I recommend the Scallion and beef pancake.  Very tasty.  My personal favorite and the reason for me going is their Spicy tripe and beef.  If you like tripe and spicy, this is a flavor orgasm.  It is the perfect amount of spicy,  which is the reason for the soy bean drink. It helps kill the spice on your tongue.
I admit, the concept of soup and dumplings was tantalizing.so I made the trek to Flushing and was a bit disappointed. Overall, I understand the hype but I just felt everything was a too oily/greasy for my liking. I wasn't able to fully enjoy the scallion pancakes or the pan fried noodles or the Xiaolongbao without it leaving the taste of oil towards the end of every bite.
Awesome soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, soup dishes.(Had Vegitarian Noodle and Pork and Bok Choy Soups), Shanghai Udon Noodles, and Rice Cake with Chicken, Bean Curd and Soy Bean Salad.
It was Legend.....(wait for it).......DARY!!! The train that thought he could, COULD! Great Chinese Breakfast place in Flushing. It has both great soup dumplings that rivals and in my book is better than Joe's Shanghai without all the touristy junk that you want to avoid.  But my favorite thing to get here is the Taiwanese style Breakfast. Oh so Good! *Drools* FOOD:SO delish. You can't get better than this at least from what I've had and seen in my life in the states.  It is so good and worth the wait.  I've had everything on the breakfast menu almost but my favorite thing to get is the Chinese style Scallion Pancakes with Beef, some hot Soybean Milk Soup and either some Chinese Fried Donuts or the Rice Roll. Anything will be good. I have yet to try their lunch and dinner items to the fullest but I've seen orders an they look as authentic as can be and smells great! We have ordered a dish of clams one time and it was full marks on taste.  I can not get passed the breakfast items because they are just that good. You can see the cooks making the soup dumplings from scratch and if you get a peek inside the doors of the kitchen they are making many things from scratch adding more to the freshness and Oh so Goodness of this location.SERVICE:Typical Asian Service. Nothing great with a mix of attitude and wanting to rush you out the door for other customers.  It's to be expected.ATMOSPHERE: They actually have quite a bit of seating. They must have expanded as there is a partition wall dividing two spaces and its not as tight as other places. There is a comfortable divide between customers for the most part.  It's clean and has a casual vibe to the restaurant.  SUMMARY:In my book, I will come here every time i can get the chance! The Chinese Breakfast is to die for and if you want to try something, go for the Scallion Pancake with Beef. It will melt in your mouth with flavor and deliciousness.
Always a must-go when I'm anywhere near Flushing. It's always easy to get a table and the service is quick and efficient. Food-wise, you can order just about anything here and be satisfied. The Spicy Beef and Tripe is a great cold dish to start with (don't be scared). As far as hot dishes, the crispy noodles, rice cakes, and U-Don noodles are all superb, and the scallion pancake with sliced beef might be my favorite thing on the menu. I'm not a huge fan of their shao mai, but the pork buns and fried dumplings are both fantastic. Of course, we all know the real reason you're here: the soup dumps. Make sure you get the crab and meat. They are among the best in the city. Make sure to wash it all down with a Tsingtao! The bill always ends up being less than you expect, which is never a bad thing.
Very good soup dumplings--relatively large in size and filled with delicious soup.  Unfortunately, some of them might have been overfilled (or either too thinly constructed) as a couple of our dumplings stuck to the lettuce at the bottom of the basket and eventually fell apart.  Service is erratic at best and non-existent at worst.  We were quoted a 20 minute wait for a table for two, but it seemed to go well beyond that estimate.  On the flip side, we were quoted a 40 minute wait for the aforementioned dumplings, but they arrived in no more than 15 minutes.  I figure we either got someone else's order or they misquoted the time to discourage folks from ordering them.  All in all, I can't complain too much when the final bill is $16.50 before tip for 12 very good soup dumplings and 2 bowls of soy bean milk soup (which were decent).
Over rated...nasty attitude like they dont need your business. Over 30mins for a simple takeout.  Never coming back.
The dumplings were great! Similar to Shanghai Joe's. I also enjoyed the side dishes of Tofu. I would swear that one of them was Chicken but it wasn't. I would  definitely go back.
Was expecting much much more based on the raving reviews on yelp.  Trekked an hour into Flushing with four other friends, and left feeling grossly full on grease.1. Food: meat soup dumplings, scallion + beef pancakes, scallion pancakes, spicy wontons, taro puffs, red bean puffs, sweet soy, and one nod to healthy veggies: braised tofu + soy beans.  Definitely better dumplings at Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan.  The ones here were unexpectedly dryer and bland.  The rest of the food was just greasy.  No more cheating on Shanghai Cafe!2. Service: we were seated without the entire party being present, which was cool.  Waitresses dropped menus, and scowled when we ordered or asked for drinks.3. Atmosphere: like a factory.  In, eat, out.
Good dumping here! Came here with my family on saturday. It was packed and people are eating the soup dumping. This place reminds of eating in street of China. Remeber eat slowwwwwwly don't burn your upper month.
Rude waitress to start with. I don't go to a restaurant to be treated like this. "Go outside to wait. Go out." When I ordered dumplings, I was told to wait for half an hour. After the wait, the dumplings were too sour and salty. Totally not worth the waiting. I will never come back! NEVER!
I went here because it was recommended by a doctor of mine and wow, what a treat. I got the pork dumplings to start , which after having these I fear all over dumplings may fall short. Then I tried the beef with crunchy noodles as a main dish. I have never had anything from a Chinese restaurant that tasted like this. I generally don't head out to Flushing but may have to go back if all the food tastes as good as this!  They do not take credit cards! Just a friendly tip.  Thanks for reading an enjoy.
The scallion noodles are full of greasy, flavorful, pan-fried goodness and the pork/crab xiao long bao here are good, although I personally prefer Joe's more.  The soup isn't as flavorful here but the skin is thinner and they are served steaming fresh and hot.  Get a quart of the fresh soymilk and you have yourself an authentic Shanghainese brunchl. The wait can be pretty long on weekends but that's part of the charm of Flushing.  Definitely worth a visit.
I go through periods of different food obsessions. Right now, it's French macarons, pimientos de padron, and soup dumplings. I love soup dumplings because they're like presents waiting to be opened on my birthday. I see their beautiful wrappings and I try to gingerly open them with my teeth, but when I get a taste of what's waiting inside, I rip them apart to finally get to the soup and crab and pork treasure.Nan Shain's soup dumplings are delicious, the creme of the crop. I crave them every night and I'm so disappointed they don't deliver to Hell's Kitchen! I love everything I've tried here - the scallion pancake, the noodles, the soups. It's my favorite Chinese spot in Flushing for those amazing soup dumplings, and it's totally worth the wait.
food was amazing, everything as advertised in previous reviews
Expected good crab flavor from the crab dumplings based on other yelp reviews - however, there was little to none. Chicken pan fried noodles were tasty, not too oily. The scallion pancake with beef was somewhat thick - would prefer more crunch. Overall, however, everything was tasty, so i can't complain (any more than i already have).
Food is good. Service is rude...typical.I walked in the door Wednesday before Thanksgiving for lunch and was immediately yelled at to get out of the way. As I'm moving aside, the hostess raises her voice at me because I didn't immediately respond to her question about how many were in my party. I step closer to respond and I'm again yelled at to get out of the way by another server. They really like to yell here to make you feel welcome.Our actual waitress was sweet though and didn't rush us when ordering which was a refreshing change (it irks me that ordinary service standards become exceptional in Chinese restaurants).We ordered some cold appetizers when we sat down, but the server who we ordered from forgot until halfway through the meal. When we said we still wanted it, she goes, "Really?!" Uh, right back atcha Bonquiqui. Rude.Food recs:- sweet soy milk (or savory if you like accessories in your drinks)- scallion pancake with beef and bean paste sauussss- fried rice cakes - any of these are stellar but I especially like the one with winter cabbage and pork- pork xiao long bao, duh (I'm not as much a fan of the crab mix one) - skin is super thin and prone to breakage, so handle with care. Finesse is the name of the game.The chive flat buns (what are these called??) were deep fried instead of pan-fried, so I'd skip these if you're about authenticity.Overall, would go back for the food as long as I keep out of people's way and immediately yell out my party number. Two can play this yelling game.** Bring cash 'cause cards aren't accepted.** May have to share tables with strangers. Get friendly.
Often times, Chinese restaurants (the authentic ones) can be a cacophony of chaos, noise, grease and starch.  Even some of my favorite places in Chinatown, such as Big Wongs or Shanghai Cafe will sacrifice customer service and quality for speed.  Profit = turning tables as soon as possible.Nan shian is relatively zen to its more expeditious brethren.  The food comes slowly; really slowly, but the quality is remarkable.Case in point:  the glorious xiao long bao or soup dumplings.  Nan Shian takes these beautiful little dumplings seriously, almost to the point of religious reverence.  They are hand made and steamed to order, ensuring a good 15-20 minute wait for your food.  Add this wait to the inevitable wait at the door, and you're committing yourself to a solid 1 hour+ for your dining experience.Is an hour wait worth it?  Let's just say that I would burn cities to the ground for a half dozen basket of the juicy morsels.  I would move mountains and conquer empires for just a taste of hot pork broth, wrapped in delicate dumpling dough.  An hour's wait seems like a fair trade-off to the alternative.
Tried their pork XLB and honestly I didn't think that it was that much more exceptional then many other good places in flushing.  The only possible difference is that this place might be a slight less oily. The savory soy bean milk was good but the scallion noodle was bland and unflavorful.
This is my favorite XLB place. I've been eating here for a few years and the xiao long baos never disappoint me. This place is way better than Joe's Shanghai for those who are deciding where to go for xiao long baos. This place serves other excellent dishes. I really like the rice cakes and and scallion pancakes. My favorite drink is the hot soy bean drink. It is a comfort drink :)The only slight problem with this place is the waiting. It really depends on the time and day of when you go. It is always pack at night which is pretty obvious. If you do not mind the waiting for good soup dumplings, I suggest going to Nan Xiang Dumpling House.
The food is pretty good and pretty decent and it is open late! How can I complain. Their soupy dumplings need a little more MSG and a little more Cocaine, but all in all, pretty good. Just kidding about the MSG and Cocaine....I'm sure their food doesn't need any of that. I have never been disappointed by their food! It is also a really big place, so I never have to wait for seating. The prices are also very reasonable. I love this place!
Worth driving out from Manhattan for. We come out here about once every six weeks.In my opinion much much better xiao long bao than Joe's Shanghai, and they haven't declined in quality since expanding.Cucumbers with garlic are refreshing, and the beef and tendon is delicious as well.The scallion pancake is not my favorite however, chewy rather than flaky.Come here later (after 830) if you don't like waiting, and there's a conveniently located, but sometimes annoying public parking lot right across the street.
This is the best place the city has to offer for soup dumpling! (at least right now). Joe's Shanghai can not compare. A close second would be Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. The pork buns are good, but the crab meat buns are the highlight. The other items on the menu are decent - they make good cold starters and a yummy chive box.
I've been to this place many times. Sometimes it can get very busy so there may be a wait but most of those times its worth it. The soup dumplings arent the only thing thats good here. I also like the sliced been scallion pancake and the spicy pig ears. So good!
Definitely my go to place for my crab meat dumplings with the bf! We always go to the chinatown ones in manhattan before we had a car and back then, those tasted really good. Until my mom took me here a few years back and i fell in loooove LOL. Then i took him here and its always our go to place if we ever needed a soup dumpling fix.Things we usually order:usually 2 -3 orders of the crabmeat dumplings ( the waitress there was surpised that we finished it + other orders...the dumplings are like crack...we can never get enough =]  the soup lately has been super flavorful and more delicious than before for some reason. also the soup is very clear and not the fatty looking ones from other restaurants.cold appetizer of the gluten and the vegetable mix - you can actually mix 2 of the apps in the plate and they only charge you for the price of one plate! which is good if you just want a smaller portion for yourself. You just need to tell them and they'll do itcabbage and pork noodle soup - i dont like cabbage but with the noodiles and the soup....i could eat it all dayThe service is actually getting better ( maybe because we always know what we want to order before we even sit down). And the wait isn't that bad when i was here twice this month. Actually had seats once we came in.
Overall the food was pretty good, I would recommend the crunchy noodles with chicken and scallion pancakes. Very tasty!
Soup dumpling place that is pretty good! Comparable to joe's shanghai. Some of my friends actually like it more than Joe's shanghai. I feel like it's up to par, the broth is flavorsome, the pork and outer wrap is of quality. The soup dumplings are good. Their other dishes, such as pancakes, and fried noodles aren't too bad either. It's your standard soup dumpling place. If you're craving it, and you're in the area, give it a try.
The food is amazing here! They have the best soup dumplings in all of Flushing. I've been here twice and have tried their pork and pork & crab soup dumplings. Both will hit the spot. I've also had their noodles in a black bean sauce with beef which is also really good. An order of soup dumplings and noodles is enough for two to share. Also, there can be a line for this place majority of the time but it's so worth the wait.
Great food at an excellent price. Ordered the steamed pork dumplings, scallion pancakes with beef, beef and tripe, shanghai noodles, and seafood noodle soup. The dumplings, pancakes and shanghai noodles were fantastic. The seafood noodle soup came out dry with crispy noodles - something might have gotten mixed up in the kitchen - but I would not recommend this dish whatever it was. Service was great. You won't find any Americanized Chinese food at this restaurant so almost all your choices will be delicious.
I discovered this place and have never returned to Joe's Shanghai since!Best soup dumplings EVER!  The bowls of fresh noodle soup are very good too, huge portion for a cheap price.  Soups and noodles are freshly made.  I recommend the Crab & Pork soup dumplings, the fried chive & egg dumpling, and pork & fresh cabbage noodle soups.  The cucumber & garlic appetizer is simple but refreshing as well.  You can see the ladies working hard to make the fresh soup dumplings, they even have timers that continually go off (a little annoying).  This place is small and they take their time making the soup dumplings, they typically come out as the last dish of your meal.  But well worth the wait!  What I really enjoy about it is that they don't make you dehydrated and  lips sticky because they don't use as much MSG as Joe's.  They do use MSG, just not as much.  How do I know this?  I just know, Chinese people can't not use MSG.  My stomach could do without it though.
their Xiao Long Baos are good, and thats it
Yes their soup dumpling is delicious but compared to Joes shanghai it isn't the BEST IN NYC in my opinion. For me it would have to be the one in Chinatown Green Bo. However, i don't go to Chinatown ever so often so this place is a great alternative. Besides the soup dumpling they have mainly "appetizers", small dishes for you to pick on. They also have soups and noodles. My boyfriend and I are into trying new stuff, well he is. Whatever he orders i pick on it. He ordered JELLYFISH. Yes sounds nasty but its delicious when cold. Great place for lunch but not for dinner as I like my rice This is a great place to take close friends not dates in here because there is a certain way to eat these little bad boys without burning your tongue or getting it on your clothes. When entering this restaurant there is a display of cold foods and the hostess will seat u in another room. The decor and space is nice compare to Joe shanghai which is located next to the garage and is a bit cramped. This place might be small but it is delicious and cheap!
So my Elite friend turned me on to this place - yummy yummy yummy!! This place is very authentic. I never ordered,my friend usually does, but the staff seems nice and will help you. If you are in a rush order the soup dumplings as soon as you sit. Soup dumplings take a long time to come out but they are well worth the wait. You can actually watch the women making them in the front of the resturant. I like the turnip puffs, they are a simple little dessert or snack. The cucumber salad is a nice start, you can pig out and get the fried pork buns, which are one of my favs. I also get the crispy noodles with chicken, which I like because it a nice change from regular noodles.
Ordered dumplings & was told that it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  That seemed a little excessive, but I agreed and headed outside to wait.  After 15 minutes, I came back inside and the cashier told me my order wasn't ready yet.  I stood around awkwardly waiting, in full view of the cashier.  Some guy who ordered after me got his take-out.  Then a family who had been sitting at a table for all of 10 minutes while I was sitting inside waiting got their dumplings.  I went up to the cashier, who had made eye contact with me a least a half-dozen times since telling me 20 minutes before that my food wasn't ready yet.  She exclaimed, "Maybe this is yours," and went in the back room to get a take-out bag that had been sitting on the shelf.  Gee, thanks.After all that, the vegetable dumplings tasted so overwhelmingly grassy that I only ate half the order.  The other diners' food looked really tasty, but I'm so unhappy with waiting almost 40 minutes for some dumplings that I don't think I'll go back.
Loved the dumplings!! Way better than Joe's. These dumplings actually taste fresh. You cant go wrong with the dumplings and scallion pancakes. During peak hours it does take a little while to be seated, but no longer than 15 to 20 Minutes. You need to get the waiters attention if you want anything. Service isnt very attentive, but in my case I like not being stalked every few minutes.
The most crucial ingredient to any soup dumpling is the skin. It's supposed to be thin but strong, so that you can pick it up easily without losing that precious, boiling-hot juice inside. And when you eat it, it's the skin that provides the chewiness to counter the softness of the moist pork. You can imagine my disappointment when nearly all of the dumplings I ordered broke open, as I tried to move them onto my soup spoon. It was a clear sign that things were not the same anymore. That wonderful, pliable skin that I loved in my past review was gone.As I sat at the table right next to the dumpling station, I watched the toil of the three most important people at Nan Xiang, the three women who make every single dumpling every day. I thought about how I've never seen their faces, only their backs, since they never seem to turn away from their work. And of course, I kept thinking about the dumplings.
Nan Xiang Dumpling House is known for their soup dumplings.  The skin of the Nan Xiang dumpling is slightly above-average.  For me, the skin of the soup dumplings is very important.  It must be thin, so that it doesn't make the dumpling too doughy tasting.  But it still must be strong enough to bear the weight of the soup inside and not break.  It also needs to have a slightly elastic texture which does not get soaked and soggy. The skin here isn't super thin, nor does it hold very well.  You'll probably break a few dumplings here, and soup will spill.  If you let them get cold, the break rate will go up to like 50% because they will stick to the trays.  The soup flavor is light, and not as greasy as most other places.  Whether or not this is "better" is subjective.  Some people like saltier and greasier,  some don't.  I like their plain pork dumplings, but their crab meat ones leave something to be desired, as there is barely a hint of any crab flavor.  Other things I like to order here are the red bean cake, spicy beef and tripe, cucumber and garlic as appetizer/dessert.  And usually crispy fried noodles as the main filler.
My friends and I were planning to eat in Flushing before the Mets game, and although we browsed the nearby food court (which had MANY vendors selling amazing food), we ultimately decided to walk a few blocks to Nan Xiang. I wasn't sure what to expect since my experiences with Chinese food on the East Coast so far have been less than stellar...but everything turned out really really good. +` Scallion Pancakes - 4/5 - I typically like the bready-flaky kind of Scallion Pancakes (not the deep fried kind), but this had a very interesting exterior which I haven't tried before... really enjoyed it.+` Shanghai Dumplings - 5/5 - There's a reason we got 2 orders of Shanghai Dumplings... they were BOMB! For once, the dumplings did NOT break apart as you picked them up which means you get to slurp up that soupy interior before devouring the remaining dumpling!+` Vegetarian Dumplings - 5/5 - We also got 2 orders of this, and although I prefer dumplings with meat, these were still delicious and on par with the Shanghai Dumplings.+` Chive and Egg Bun - 4/5 - The exterior of this fried bun was very similar to that of the Scallion Pancakes--different from what I'm used to--but still deliciously crunchy. The interior Chive and Egg mixture was good, but I've had better...+` Spicy Beef Noodle Soup - 3/5 - Noodles tasted really good with the hearty broth, but dood, where's the beef? I think we had a couple strands of beef here and there... you serious? Why you holdin' back?Overall, great food and price... I think we spent around 35 bucks (w/o tip) for 3 people? Now that is a freakin' deal.
If you a big fan of soup dumpling, I would highly recommend Nan Xiang. Their dumplings are made fresh to order, usually the wait is about 15 minutes for it. The dumpling is tasteful and very soupy; so you'll need to be careful eating it since the soup might just get everywhere. Everything else there are pretty good also. I love their cold appetizers like Spicy Beef and Tripe and Cold Cucumber. Also love stir fried noodles and rice cakes. Delicious!However, don't have high expectations of the service. The waitress are rude, if you don't speak up they'll yell at you.
The flavor of the  is so good! You have to be really careful because the skin is so thin.  Don't waste the flavorful soup!  From what I hear, its virtual suicide to try to go on weekend cause lines will be ridiculously long.
4.5 Stars!Came here on a Thursday for a late lunch and ordered their Pork and Cabbage noodle soup. I really wanted to order their "xiao long baos" too, but I would not have been able to finish all that food. Therefore, I opted not to. Next time for sure!Long awaited, my lunch finally arrives. My first thought as I bite into the noodles was...soft, tender, smooth and quite..."perfect"! My experience so far has been a positive one so I will definitely come back when i'm in the area.
Question of the week: Is it better than Joe's? Answer: IMO, it's close. But no.Why?I've heard many many reviews of this place boasting its superiority against Joe's. Friends, family, coworkers. Finally I decided, why the heck not. The dumpling itself was smaller, and took longer to be served. The meaty portion inside was less, and can I just mention they break apart so insanely easily when you are trying to pick them up and onto your soup spoon. We ruined about four alltogether, and no, we are not soup dumplings noobs! The TASTE itself was great, very similar to Joe's and had this delicious sweet zing to it. If I had never tasted Joe's, I would say these are the best. But I will never betray Joe's ever again! Maybe one day I want to try Shanghai Cafe though...Overall, Joe's is bigger, meatier, and tastier.Also we ordered the Seafood Crispy Noodles. It was okay, wish it came with brown sauce instead of this lobster sauce type of gravy. Needed a generous dose of hot chili paste to keep it down.
Good call on a rainy Sunday evening. My friend and I ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, pork soup dumplings, and the beef with rice cakes, and seriously, everything was delicious. Flavors were spot on, no blandness, no lack of anything. Portions were good size. Savory, tasty, I could go on. And it's cheap too. I would definitely go more often if I lived closer.
Greatest soup dumplings in NYC! However, they lack in other food kinds. Their regular dumplings are just mediocre, and if you have a peanut allergy -- you may die.
This is one of the better places for soup dumplings in Flushing.  Worth the wait.  There's a line every night.
Found it on the yelp app before a mets game trying to find a quick and good bite. So glad we did. Had shanghai noodles with steamed pork buns and veggie dumplings. More than enough for two people, and with bottomless pots of tea too! It all came to less than $20. The noodles were out of this world awesome, I naively thought the pork buns would be like the doughy/bbq-esque filling i've had for dim sum brunches, but they were still good albeit a bit flimsy and most of the filling fell out if you tried to pick it up. But all in all, ill be going there again before a mets game when i'm in the area.
Very good. I don't eat pork so the selection was a little slim. The veggie dumplings were amazing. I'm so full but I want more of the dumplings.
Definitely one of the better establishments in Flushing's food scene. Simple menu, clean, and good customer service.
while not the best xiao long bao in ny - certainly one of the top. the skin was thin and insides flowing with soup...delicious food + good sized portions. the scallion pancakes were actually fluffy and not squished flat and full of grease. also i really enjoyed the cold cucumber dish with garlic, sesame oil and parsley. will have to make that at home...service is what you expect from a local asian restaurant but clean, casual and stuff your face for $12pp. what more can you ask?
With a breezy Saturday afternoon (thank goodness the heat wave is gone) and a strong craving for warm soup dumplings, the Devour NY team headed to Flushing to try the famous soup dumplings from Nan Xiang Dumpling House.Given its location in Flushing, we were expecting a small, quaint dumpling shop, but instead we found a large eatery -- they are definitely occupying at least three storefronts, and boy was business strong at twelve o'clock noon. People were waiting inside; people were waiting outside, but luckily with all the tables, turnover was quick, and we ended up waiting only ten minutes.Starving by the time we sat down and enchanted by the smell of all the food around us, we quickly ordered what we came here for: the soup dumplings. However, with such an extensive menu, we could not just stop there. We proceeded to order the rice cake with pork, wonton dumplings, and vegetable dumplings as well.The soup dumplings were absolutely decadent. Juicy, plump, and with a thin skin and proportionate meat, it was absolutely perfect, exactly what we hoped for. Stick with the traditional kind -- the variations are still good (i.e. crab), but nothing beats the original recipe of tastiness.The rice cake with pork was fairly good as well, though I have probably had better elsewhere. While the rice cakes were cooked to tender chewiness, the sauce was a little too heavy, and too salty after a while.Normally vegetable dumplings are one of my favorite Chinese dishes -- however the ones at Nan Xiang Dumpling House simply could not compete. The skin's texture was too thick and too rough, and the vegetable insides was dry and lacked overall flavor.Our final dish, the homemade wonton dumplings, faced similar disappointments as our vegetable dumplings. Fortunately the hot soup helped to soften the skin, and the seaweed added some additional flavor. We did wish the meat inside was a little more tender -- it was a bit too chewy.
The scallion beef pancakes, mwah, delicious. They have just the right amount of hoisin sauce inside the pancakes. Haven't had anything like this anywhere else in nyc. The soup dumplings were pretty tasty as well. Soup base is fresh tasting and light. Staff was also friendly. Oh, the soy bean milk was also really good. Tastes of sweet childhood soy bean milk--homemade and loaded with deliciousness.  Definitely worth checking out!
The soup dumplings here beat Joe Shanghai's hands down! The crab ones actually taste like crab and are so good! While a little more pricey than Joe (6 vs 8 pcs and a dollar-ish more), it's so much more worth it.The pan fried dumplings here are really good too, fried perfectly golden brown unlike other places that sometimes serve them near burnt. Although lines can go out the door during peak hours, the wait is usually not too terrible unless you have a big group with you. I appreciate how you're not rushed even when it's busy, allowing you to further enjoy your meal.
Every time we come to flushing, this is the one of places we eat. Soup dumpling, hands down, best I ever have in my life. I grow up in Shanghai, I can not even find better soup dumpling in Shanghai for every year I visit there.
Overall their food is good. But prepare to wait for a long line when you visit for breakfast or dinner. It might tasted better for tourist, however i live around flushing so there are other alternatives for me when they are busy.
I really only come here for the soup dumplings bc Joe Shanghai is always too pack. They always mess up our order - always. The dumplings tho are pretty good. If your super hungry and want hella carbs.. This is the place for you!
Nice and clean, food is really close to original Chinese style, 5 stars!
Great Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes! The pricing is great. Becareful when you bite into the buns because the soup can burn. Sometimes when I pick up the buns the skin breaks and the soup is lost. The pancake is flakey and crispy and very yummy. It is cook just right and not too oily. There is a long wait time for dinner but it is worth it. I don't like how when you are seated they ask already what you want to order. The waiter was explaining how the buns are so popular that you have to order it the sec you get seated or else you will have to wait long. Seating is very tight and I hate it when the tables are so close together. Not recommended for a hangout place with friends while trying to catch up. It is good for a quick sit in for dinner or lunch then go.
Dumpling mania. Oh the warm delicious soup inside those thin skinned pork dumplings - so good.There is so much soup in each dumpling that the spoon is not big enough which resulted in a rather tragic soup flood. The loss of the succulent broth really is unfortunate.  I need to experiment with the menu, limited as it may be - who needs variety when you do what you do so well. Loved the Shanghai noodles, fried noodles and the scallion pancake with beef(slathered with hoisin). I need to try the rice cake and some of the soups. There was a line the first time I went but it went really quickly.
Great experience here, I wish there were more vegetarian/fish options! Highly recommend the fried bun with chives and egg. The vegetable dumplings were pretty much all scallion. I ordered the shao mai and it had ground meat (I was expecting the usual shrimp shumai, oops). All dishes were good and I'd order them again! I loved that there was no rush to turn over the table, low prices and big tea cup.
Best xiao long bao outside of Shanghai.Best spicy beef tendon in NY (so far)Noodles in scallion oil is mouthgasmic.If you live with in a 1 hour trip of flushing, you have to go here.
YUM!  I might be slightly biased since this restaurant serves some of my favorite foods EVER and I can't get any of this in Michigan, but this place made some really good renditions of these dishes.  We had:- xiao long bao (pork soup dumplings) with crab on top - so good.  Perfect amount of soup, and of course there was ginger and black vinegar on the side.  For newbies: Pour some black vinegar over the ginger slivers.  Carefully pick up a dumpling from the top with your chopsticks or the tongs, taking care not to break the dumpling skin, and put the dumpling inside your soup spoon.  Bring the soup spoon up to your mouth, break open the skin, and drink the soup.  Then put some vinegar-soaked ginger on top of the dumpling and eat it. :)- beef and scallion pancake - hell yes!  This is one of the most awesome sandwiches ever.  The scallion pancake was pan-fried perfectly, and the beef inside was tender.  They added sauce as well.- you tiao - I made the mistake of not eating this right when it arrived at the table, so it was cold, heavy, and greasy by the time I got to it.- sweet soy milk (hot) - the best way to drink soy milk is a big bowl of this stuff.  So comforting and warm with just a little bit of sweetness.I wanted to order a lot of other things, but this was the first stop on my inaugural Flushing food crawl, so we kept it pretty light.  I want to go back!Note: cash only.
The food is pretty good and the service is pretty quick as well.  I recommend the soup dumplings (all of them are good) and the beef scallion pancake and some hot sweetened soy milk.  My family is Chinese and we've had a lot of Chinese food, and this is definitely a good place to go to, the food is authentic and delicious.This place is always busy, there is always a full house in here.  Sometimes you can just walk in and get a table, other times you might have to wait a little while.The crowd also varies from your typical Chinese restaurant, there are families, older folks, teenagers, college students - good mix.The prices are very good as well, you really get your money's worth!
I think this may be the only  place in Flushing (not including dim sum halls) that we have needed to wait for a table. I always have to order turnip cake if I see it on the menu; their turnip puffs were small, flavorful, and with much less grease than others I have eaten, really really great little bites. My family and I were nervous about trying the xiao long bao... Joe's Shanghai has been our soup dumpling stomping ground for over 10 years, we felt like we were having an affair. We came to the consensus that the crab version here is better than Joe's but Joe's pork dumpling is superior.
THE BEST soup dumplings (xiao long baos) you can get in New York City! currently, at least. seriously though, I've been around the block and have seen places with good soup dumplings come and go (including J. Shanghai). This place is the best place to get them in NYC right now and it's been the best spot for several years now. Aside from soup dumplings, they're other foods are all very well made and tasty. Rice cakes, noodle soup, pancakes, etc are all good picks. You can't lose when you come here!
I stopped by Nan Shian with my parents and wanted to compare their xiao long bao with Joe Shanghai's.  Behind the register, along the side of the dining room, you can see two women toiling away wrapping xiao long bao.  When we first arrived there was only 1 woman wrapping xiao long bao and I'm guessing that is why it took a long time for our orders to come out.  I'm not sure how they keep up with the orders when the restaurant is hopping.So how do the xiao long bao compare?  Unfortunately, not well.  Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the taste was off - maybe too sweet.  I couldn't really put my finger on what was wrong with it, but Joe Shanghai's is still the champion.I do recommend getting the turnip cake.  They are small, like a bite worth, but they are really good - much better than Joe Shanghai's.  They should be a bit bigger, but I'll look past it since the shredded turnip inside was still moist and had a good strong flavor.The scallion pancakes were not very good.  There was no scallion flavor at all.
After I found out about this place, I told M and K we must come here to eat their soup dumplings.K got the cold bean curd tofu dish - K thought this was really good, but M and I both thought it was to damn salty. OD on the salt here!M and I got the crab and pork soup dumplings - the wrapping is super thin, which I love and appreciate, but the filling is not as good as Joe's. I actually prefer Joe's better than Nan Xiang. I didn't get to try the pork version, but so far the Crab & Pork version is better at Joe's.The wait for this place is crazy!
I so wish i could give Nan Xiang another star.  I just loved the soup dumplings.  But it took so long for them to arrive, the staff is a bit disorganized.  They gave away my dumplings to the next table and several others were served before us as well. I understand there is a language barrier- but nothing arrived quite the way we ordered it, much to the disappointmnent of my vegetarian non-shelfish eating friend who missed out on fried rice cakes (i ate plenty). Sweet soy milk I didnt really understand, and I regret not ordering the scallion pancakes. Next time. i still LOVED IT. The dumplings are as fun to eat as they are delicious, and I must say they held up as leftovers.
I've been to this place a few times. Although I loved Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings growing up, I feel like it fell off since it got overhyped. So now, I definitely think this place rivals Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings.This is a typical chinese restaurant: small, loud, and fast service. During busy hours, you might have to wait a bit depending on the size of your group, but wasn't that big of a deal.Of course the obvious thing to get is the soup dumplings (pork obviously), and you order a noodle dish as an entree. I usually just order an entire order of soup dumplings for myself and a salted soy bean milk soup. The soup dumplings is definitely meets expectations. Served hot and steaming, so heed caution when initially eating it. It was really juicy and the broth inside was orgasmic with fatty goodness. The usual vinegar w/ ginger condiment compliments it well. There is so much I can say about how good the soup dumplings are, so go out there and order some now!
I ate here last week with my bf and his friends. The food was pretty mediocre and wasn't as flavorful as the last time I ate here. Worst part was when my bf took a bite out of the fried gluten and spit out a hard object leaving a clanking sound on his plate. I asked him what that was and he said it looked like A SCREW. Seriously a screw?! He could have cut his mouth or chipped his tooth if he wasn't too careful. Told the waiter about it and he didn't even apologize for it. I am really disappointed at this place and do not understand why tourists are flocking here or why people claim this is better than Joe's Shanghai.
Cheap, yummy, and filling! Hit this up after Spa Castle.  I loved the veggie dumplings. My fiance devoured the pork dumplings.  We also ordered dumplings with brown rice and mushrooms. This place is all about the dumplings. We ordered the crispy beef noodles and they were huge. It made me scared to order the seafood noodles.  The scallion pancake was good though a bit thicker  and chewier than what I usually get at Grand Sichuan on 7th Avenue in the Village.  The taro buns were not my favorite. Too much dough for me.  The hot soy milk was a nice treat from the cold outside.  It is huge and served in a big bowl. I felt like a cat until they gave us two laden spoons and two smaller bowls.  I ordered the sweet bean curd and then realized that I was on soy overload.All of that food and out for 30 bucks.  Plus some warm tea.
After watching Bourdain's Shanghai episode I got a re-awakened hankering for some soup dumplings and found the motivation to travel all the way out to Flushing from the LES. I wouldn't do so again. The service was mediocre at best, which I guess is to be expected. It's tough to get the wait staff's attention. I'm not sure if they didn't see me or were just willfully ignoring me. The scallion pancake was cooked nice, as it was crispy, but it was thicker than I like. I also noticed that it didn't contain very many scallions. The Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings were ok, but in my view these are not any better than those at Joe's Shanghai. I wanted half pork and half crab but they couldn't do that, so I got a full order of the crab ones. I had to pick quite a few bits of crab shell or cartilage out, which was not cool. I don't remember having that experience at Joe's. Yes, they were tasty, but they don't live up to the hype IMO.
Don't get too excited. Better than a sharp stick in the eye, but pretty average by Chinatown standards. Soup dumplings are good, scallion pancake is delicious, avoid the seaweed salad.
I HATE THIS PLACE. On two different occasions, i have gone there and it has sucked. The customer service was TERRIBLE, after 50 mins of waiting, my friend and i were still didnt get out plate of steam buns. Other tables that were there after us had finished eating already, we consistently asked them what was going on with all the waiting and the waiter didnt even bother to look our way. When one waiter finally came over, he kept telling us RUDELY "in one moment'. Well i guess "one moment" turned into an hr before we had to rush back to work. I would rather go to Joe's Shanghai where the service is fast and efficient and the waiters actually listen to you. Will never go back.
As good as Din Tai Fung without the rush. Great food, excellent prices, be ready to wait on line.
First time I've had soup dumplings outside of Asia and it was pretty good, but they still can't beat Din Tai Fung! My eating companion said Joe's Shanghai had better crab and pork dumplings because they include more crab meat though. I'll have to try and compare next time!We also got sweet soybean milk, dou hua (sweet tofu), and beef wrapped in onion pancake with sweet hoisin sauce. All pretty standard fare, quite delicious. The beef in onion pancake seemed like a beef version of a peking duck wrap. :9
Such a limited menu but so delish. My favorite obviously is the steamed pork bun, though with its richness I usually can eat a max of 4. The other must get is the beef with chili soup noodle. The rich beefy brothy with a hit of kick from the green chili is a must get on a cold wintery night. Other must is 'nian gao' with pork, not sure how they do it but has such a fragrant fried flavor that one can not replicate at home. Such a simple dish but oh can be so fulfilling. Their other little appetizer dishes are really quite flavorful and great complement to the meal - there are too many to list but i would try them all.
I LOVE the soup dumplings!!  I used to go to Joe's for soup dumplings a lot, but after I tried them at Nan Xiang, I stopped going to Joe's.  The soup dumplings here are better.  In my opinion, it's a bit less salty, which is a plus for me.  I've tried both the pork and crab/pork, and the crab/pork is my fave.  The scallion pancakes with beef, pan-fried beef & rice cake, and spicy wontons are really good here.  I love the bowl of soy milk with fried dough - yum!!The place is small - seating is pretty limited; so, if it's busy, there can be a wait.  And it can feel a bit cramped inside.  The servers are not exactly friendly or unfriendly, but whenever I needed anything, they would get it for me immediately.  The decor is simple, just like any other restaurant in Flushing.  Because of these reasons, I would actually give this place a 3.5 stars, but since I can't give half stars and since the food is really good here, I couldn't give this place a 3 - so, a 4 it is!! :-)
I think I've found the best soup dumplings in Flushing.  The pork and crab meat is one of the best I've had in a long time.There's also a smattering of other dishes that I'm a fan of: cucumbers in garlic, spicy beef tendon, Shanghai stir-fried U-don.  The fried buns I would not order again.
Nan Xiang is my "go to" place when I stay at the Asiatic Hotel around the corner and go to the U.S. Open. Helen runs the place like a master conductor. She's a dear. Don't miss their awesome crab/pork dumplings. Amazing!
For a dumpling house with Michelin Guide reviews, I expected more. More for my money, more for my tastebuds and just more in general. The scallion pancakes were great, but the soup dumplings at Congee Village in Manhattan far surpass the ones here and I think they are cheaper too. The fact that this place is nestled in between SO many restaurants and yet  it still has survived is perhaps a testament to the power of yelp and food guides to send people "off the beaten path" but to the same sub-par location. That's why I ended up here and I probably won't do it again. This is not to say that this was the worst food ever, because it was totally sufficient, but I did expect more than sufficient.
I'm not used to authentic Chinese but when you have here you're getting an experience. Having never heard of the place but being open-minded, I went to this place and I'm glad I did. The soup dumplings of crab meat and pork are amazing, especially when the liquid bursts creating the flavor and taste of the meat. I also had the tofu appetizer, which was enhanced by the red pepper seasoning. For the main course, I had the beef with crispy noodles and mushrooms I don't remember what it was called.All in all, everything was good and out of the authentic Chinese places I've been to, this was by far the best in terms of quality of food.
I showed up at 3PM for a late lunch/early dinner to beat the weekend crowds, seated in 10 minutes? Not bad... We ordered a ton of stuff, my favorites were - soup dumplings (the original one, not the crab meat), cucumber garlic salad (this was really tasty and probably easy to replicate at home) and the scallion pancake with beef (really good but super fatty/greasy).The crab soup dumplings, vegetarian chicken, fried dumplings, stir fry udon noodles were all just - ok... they weren't particularly good or bad.The bad part of our visit was when the bus boy came over to pour us tea we and noticed one of the cups was dirty... we asked for another one, the bus boy seemed pretty pissed off about it... he brought another cup and then slammed it on the table to show us it was clean... it was much uncalled for... other members of the wait staff were very nice and friendly... just that one guy was a real jerk.I also noticed that on the window of the restaurant there is a B rating and on the menu they show an A. 2 stars because of the jerky bus boy
This is the new spot for XLB's.I've been here a few times now and they aren't playing games at all. Both the pork and the crab/pork combo XLB's are amazing. They are better than Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan. I love Joe's Shanghai, but I think this place does it better. The menu is much more contained than Joe's so really I'm just coming here for the dumplings. I really like seeing the ladies assembling the dumplings by hand just like in the best places in Shanghai, definitely adds to the experience.They also have XJB's, which are good, but the one time I had them here they had no broth inside and were a bit doughy. The flavor was still good and I would bet that it's hit or miss from visit to visit on the XJB front. I've heard the soups are great and can't imagine that they wouldn't be given the quality of the soup dumplings.Some people are complaining about the wait, but the easy solution is to just go early. Make sure you bring cash- I've had to spot my friends (pay for them) the last few times because they don't take card.
Probably my favorite place to get XLB. The place is pretty big and service is fast. The dumplings IMO are huge and loaded with juice! I hear that this place gets real busy, but everytime I've come, I've come during off peak hours and never had to wait longer than 5 minutes. The other items are the menu were ok, but I just come here and order the dumplings.
Best soup dumplings in town. Their menu in not huge but what they do, they do very well.
All you need to know is get the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes
Sometimes they have the sweet potato fries, sometimes they don't.  Confusing!!!  Great soup dumplings.  Appetizers are good as well.
Good cheap eats.  The two of us ate till we were stuffed for about $28 total.  Scallion pancake stuffed with beef - $2.75Pork soup dumplings - $5.50Pork and crab soup dumplings - $6.50Rice cakes with pork, shrimp and fish - $9.95This was the first time I've been here.  Be prepared to sit super close to others.  They try to maximize the small seating area.  The menu is limited also, but their their thing is the soup dumplings.I love soup dumplings.  They're delicious and so much fun to eat!  I couldn't taste a difference between the crab and pork vs. just the pork dumplings so I don't think it's worth the extra buck for the crab version.I was pleasantly surprised by the scallion pancake with beef in the middle along with hoisen sauce (I think) and it was yummy!The rice cakes were good, a little oily.  I don't think it was worth getting the seafood version (vs. just beef or pork or chicken) for $3 extra.  There wasn't enough fish or shrimp at all!  Again, not the best I ever had, but def good cheap eats!  I'd go back again :)Heads up - it's hard to park in flushing, but there's a municipal parking lot across the street if you're lucky enough to get spot.  10 min for $0.25 is a rip off, but that's NY for ya.
I love this place. So so so much.The soup dumplings are perfect and I could eat them all day. Also excellent are the scallion pancakes with beef. And the shanghai pan fried udon. And the tripe (cold). Pretty much everything here is amazing.Every time I go here I walk out so pleased with my life choices and everyone I take also falls in love. I will be back here as often as possible
You would think that going on a Sunday would be a horrible experience but I was surprised it turned out okay. Parking around the area was not TOO bad as you can find parking here and there. Mind you I went on Easter Sunday and when Asians go to pay respects to family members who passed away. My wait for a table for two was quick about 5 minutes BUT the wait for the xiaolongbao was longer. They seemed to have forgot our order of the two different dumplings so we just dropped the crabmeat with pork dumpling. As we observed the area, there were a lot of vacant tables so I wondered why it took long for service. The waitress probably forgot the order because others who were seated before got the dumplings before us. But when the dumplings arrived I was a little disappointed. They were placed in the usual bamboo trays but they did not place the dumplings under lettuce but under the typical plastic wrap. The flavor of the pork was there and the soup inside was abundant but the taste compared to joe Shanghai was different. I preferred their competitors. But I think I should give this another try.
They were solid soup dumplings, but considering the rave reviews, I had expected them to be much much better. I feel like I've had these quality dumplings at much less raved about places in the bay area, but perhaps it is not fair to judge NYC Chinese food on Bay Area standards.
Place order 30min and the server came over and asked "what did you order?" ....bad service, order just went out the air!
Hands down the best soup dumplings in NYC!!! I took one star off because of the staffs, otherwise THIS IS THE PLACE GUYS!!
Came here on 9/6 after seeing a long line outside while looking for a place to eat. I was trying to see why there's a line for this restaurant. Boy was I in for a disappointment.Waited 15 minutes to outside till I got in to eat. What I noticed is how some tables were empty and people were waiting outside. It was like they purposely were trying to create a wait.Once we were in, we ordered: Steamed soup dumplings, Shanghainese pan fried udon, and Hunan dumplings with peanut butter sauce. We tried to order some of the cold specialties (like Drunken Chicken), but all the stuff were supposedly "sold out". We waited quite a bit for our food. Another couple came in about 10 minutes after we came in and got their food at exactly the same time. Was extremely angry. Our steamed soup dumplings were warm (not steaming hot like it just came out) and highly mediocre, shanghainese pan fried udon was literally one just the noodles (ONE leaf of veggie, and maybe a fingernail of meat). After we ate these two dishes, we were quite disappointed and began waiting for the easiest item of them all: the Hunan dumplings with peanut butter. We asked them about it and they said it is coming real soon (it did not arrive until another 10 minutes...obviously they forgot the order and just told the kitchen to make it). We thought it was going to come "real soon" so we tried to ask again. What happens? The waiter ignores us and we were just left there like idiots. When the dumpling arrived, it was probably the worst Hunan dumplings I've tasted. The dumpling skin was overly thick, and dumplings were covered with peanut butter (lacked the red oil). Being overly covered with peanut butter made it probably the driest junk I've ever tasted. Tip to others, don't order this from this restaurant. I would rather go to New World to get some that tastes better.Overall, highly disappointed. Would not come again.
Food inspection: rate "A". Also restaurant guide rating: Michelin rating! The place is tight. Small tables. Long long line outside. They do rotate the patrons rather quickly. Not because of any of the staff rushing you out of the place but rather it is not a elaborate meal.  The place is simple to the point and tasty.  Back to how small tight the place is. I ended up bumping my hand on the hot dish and pushing my green tea up in the air!!!! Poor girl next to me ended up wearing some of the green tea.  Glad it was cold :( totally my fault and well wish the restaurant would use bigger tables. Now moving on to the food, after the tea was cleaned up it was down to business! We ordered dumplings and soups. Plentiful portions and the order just kept on coming. Eat slowww! Maybe have a little snack before hand? Just saying we ordered a lot and glad we were able to take some leftovers! Overall parking is tricky. Make sure to check out the parking garage in the corner. I paid $5 for less than 3 hours.   There may be a line but it moves quick and you are served rather quickly.
really good dumpling and soups. every time i gotten noodles they have way to much oil in them. friendly staff, service take little longer and there is usually a long line to be seated. The food really cheap there for it make it on my favorite  local places.
Stayed in Flushing for work for a week, so I couldn't pass up getting Chinese food - especially since I never get it in WI. That being said, I am no expert on soup dumplings, so if you're looking for the absolute best, I can't say if this is or not. But it's the best I've had.We got soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings and rice cakes with beef (I will not even attempt what any of that is called in Chinese). Soup dumplings were so big - I was expecting much smaller. But they were sooo good. Everything else was really good too. I would definitely go back if I'm in town.Environment: very casual, very crowded. Cash only. At least the menu is in English too - as I would not be able to order otherwise.Service: not friendly service (not rude either), but pretty quick and I didn't need anything extra. Totally felt judged for ordering in English though.
On to what many consider to be the best place to get soup dumplings in NYC: Nan Xiang. I am not a connoisseur of soup dumplings per say, but I am well versed in dumplings in general. I've never had a soup dumpling that made me go bonkers. However, the crab and pork soup dumplings at Nan Xiang more than surprised me.For $6.50 you get six tennis ball sized buns, steamed and smelling quite savory. Taking a bite into one is an interesting experience: first there is a thin, tender wonton wrapper; then the broth floods into your mouth and gives you an immersed feeling of warmth; finally your teeth sink into the combination of pork fat and crab meat that has perfect balances of salt, broth and meat.We also had a noodle dish that was pretty good, but nothing as exciting as the soup buns. I honestly think that ordering nothing but the soup dumplings and the standard pork buns would be totally fine. Get the best at the best place I say. More or less, everything on the menu is around $5. The place can get pretty crowded, but they seem to seat people very quickly.Nan Xiang is only a couple blocks up from White Bear on Prince St. so you have a convenient dumpling path. You'd be a fool not to take up both places if you're in the area.
They got them boom boom baosJoe Shanghai jockin' their styleSix to a steamer, that's swaggerOrder some soup noodles nowExpanded since 2008Now there's less of a waitBut still rockin' boom boom baosReigning champs of xiao long baosLet me get some now
Those scallion pancakes with beef. WOW. I wouldn't leave this place without trying them. Great soup dumplings too. Worth making a trip to Flushing. Plus it costs barely nothing. Service is prompt and efficient. Restaurant is located on a sidestreet and the writing on the front is in Chinese so I stood in front for almost 2 minutes trying to figure out if I was at the right place. Decor inside is simple, best tables seem to be by the window. Will be coming back for sure.
I had the pork and shrimp dumplings, and the scallion pancake with beef.  Both were good, but not as flavorful as I was hoping for.
The soup dumplings are so delicious! Especially for the price. The staff members were really friendly too.
These are the most authentic tasting soup dumplings spot in flushing (that I know of). NO! joe shanghai is not better, not in a long time! This spot is decent priced and the food is great! They have all the major types (crab, pork, etc.) of soup dumplings, but have a lot of other things. Shanghainese Cuisine is known for their "Cold" dishes and there is a large variety they offer. All super tasty! Their restaurant is very wide so there are a lot of seats. Even at their busiest you wont be waiting longer than 10-15 (rarely) 20 minutes max. Servers are always on point, super respectful and speak many different dialects of chinese; and yes they do speak english! This place is great for a group of people, that is, if you like to share food. Which you should, cause its awesome and thats how chinese people like to eat. Must come here for breakfast, sweet soy milk with fried sticks? (idk how to refer to those in english) so good. Writing this review has made me hungry, im going to pay them a visit soon. 1 star off because they only accept cash. idk how many times i had to run to the bank!
The most delicious scallion pancakes that you'll ever have...the sliced beef complimented by the sauce is literally to die for!!!!
This place is always crowded every time I go there. Make sure you get a number for seating. They fairly recently expanded their restaurant next door to accommodate the excess of  customers. They make one of the best soup dumplings that I have ever tasted. When I am there I usually get two orders of the soup dumplings. I don't order the ones with crab because there is barely any  crabs in it. The Shanghai udon is really good too with a slight pepper taste with meat it taste great. Lastly I usually order a side of scallion pancake. It is flaky and doughy in the middle just the way I like it. The wait service is always good but they won't talk to you since they are always running around like. Word of advice: order the soup dumplings once you get seated since it takes some time for them to be cooked.
Whoa whoa, how surprising.  For the first time, I didn't have to wait 30 min for a table!  But then again, they've expanded and took over the restaurant next door.  This place literally makes the BEST soup dumplings...EVER!  I know a lot of you people vouch for Joe's Shanghai or whatever, but this place has perfected soup dumpling.  It's never a disappointment with the dumplings.  Always filled with soup and never dried out.  Two ways to eat it.  Most people just put the dumpling on the soup spoon and drink the soup first and eat the dumpling (which is fine...i guess).  Me?  I put the whole thing in my mouth, and just let the soup explode while i chew!  Yes, even when it's scalding hot!  (Caution: those with small mouths shouldn't try it).I really don't eat anything else there...except the chicken soup.  Not yo mama's Campbell's chicken soup!  Chicken soup chinese style!  It's herbal and has a slight bitter taste to it but it warms you up in an instant.
Overrated.  I know this place is Michelin recommended, but I think it is not much better than Joe's Shanghai.  The broth is meh, and the skins came broken on several of the dumplings.  The much-praised scallion pancakes had little scallion or taste; you can get much better versions for $1 from the street vendors on Main St.  As for the restroom, I wish I had not stopped in to wash my hands prior to tje meal.  It was just dirty enough to drain one's appetite.
These dumplings are awesome!!! Every time I come here I always get the pork and crab steamed dumplings. They are out of this world. Heaven on earth! What more can I say? I have also had the scallion pancake a few times. It is OK a little greasy or oily, but tasty. Fried food tastes good. I had the seaweed salad last time and I didn't really care for it. I prefer seaweed salad in the Japanese restaurant cause they use different seaweed and different dressing. The place is always busy and the service can be slow if you are not pushy like me. There is a parking lot right across the street. I highly recommend this place!
SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!!!!  I'm a sucker for some soup dumplings.. and this place set the bar!We ordered pork/crabmeat soup dumplings, green-onion pie w/ beef, pan fried pork bao, and some stir fried rice cakes w/ pork.This is going to be a place I come to EVERY trip to NY.
Perhaps Joe's Shanghai's greatest rival, the xiao long bao soup dumplings are one of the best in the city and you even get to see it get made! Place gets packed even early on Sunday morning as they also serve breakfast.Their dumpling skin is slightly more tender than Joe's Shanghai, but the pork and juice a little less tastier. Still a great delight, after you poke a hole on top of the dumpling, suck out all the juice(or leave some behind) then put a tad of vingear into the hole, and for good measure add a piece of ginger on top. Then just gulp it in. Heaven. If you are into crab, you can also have the crab/pork mix dumpling. Like I mentioned, their 'meat' is a little less tastier, perhaps a tad more 'filling' was added to dilute/save cost. But just a tad. Remember when you order multiple batches of dumplings keep them on top of each other. If you let cold air in , it will stick and you will miss the juicy fun. Their homemade soy bean milk was GREAT, a must mix when eating your xiao long bao. Had the appetizer of sticky rice with a piece of fried dough cruller/dry shredded pork embedded inside was not bad, very plain but very fulling. It's probably best to come when it's not as crazy like a weekday, because you will probably get a fresher batch of dumplings. It gets hectic, and the customer service decreases a bit. Overall, a great experience and perhaps the best xiao long bao in Flushing.
The dumplings and noodles, cold dishes are the best!
Tried the xiao long bao. Not as good as I expected, and definitely not very authentic.
The famous Shanghai soup dumplings are a must have, and arguably the best in the city.  The Shanghainese cold dishes are pretty good too, I particularly like the Kaufu.  All other foods are good but down to the typical level.  Expect long wait times because this is a popular spot and relatively small dine-in area.  Seating also feels cramped.Bottom line, even the restaurant knows that people come specifically for the soup dumplings.  When they prepare the tables, they already put vinegar dishes on them.
I've been at this restaurant several times and after each time I dislike it more than the last. I got food poisoned the last time I was here. The service has alwaysss been bad here which isn't anything surprising. They always forget to put your order in and then make you wait forever without an apology (happened 2 out 2 times this past month). The soup dumpling has gone down the hill too. I don't think I'll ever come back after getting food poisoned. Sticking to Joe's Shanghai.
Emperor Ferdinand I once said, "I am the emperor, and I want dumplings."I understood what he meant as I stood in line at the very popular Nan Xiang Soup Dumpling House in Flushing, New York.This Michelin Guide recommended restaurant serves up piping-hot bamboo baskets of signature xiao long bao ($5.50), pillow-soft dumplings filled with meat in aspic, which melts into broth as the dumplings are steamed.Nanxiang is a suburb of Shanghai, China, where they were invented, and is still known for having the best xiao long bao anywhere.In the very small open kitchen, three women stand around the counter like the Fates, measuring out the delectable soup mixture and folding it into freshly-made dumpling skins.  In fact, you'll notice that there are only women in the kitchen. Head Chef Huang Jian Ping will tell you that women are simply better at folding dumplings.Carefully peel a hot dumpling off the bed of cabbage without puncturing it, and dip it into a sauce of shredded ginger in seasoned black vinegar.  Some like to take a nibble off the top, and some like to bite off the side.  Whichever method you prefer, you'll be hit with the intense flavors of velvety minced crab, pork, and flavorful broth in a soft skin.
I dont see what the big fuss is about. The pork buns are not good they were soggy and had way too much msg. I will not be back.
I biked out here from Brooklyn today and it was well worth the trek. The place was buzzing with people so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Once seated they brought us hot tea, lovely on brisk fall day.  Ordered the pork soup dumplings (which take the longest to make so they arrived last), the Shanghai veggie udon, beef and pepper noodle soup, and seaweed garlic side. The dumplings come six to an order and you eat them with this amazing dark vinegar/fresh ginger condiment.  All the dishes were fresh, full of flavor, and filling. The portions are large, two entrees easily serve four. To top it all off, our bill was under $30.  This place is a winner and I will totally be back.
Best soup dumplings in town. Been coming here since they opened with one store front and now expanded to three stores. I would recommend everyone to try the crab meat soup dumplings, scallion noodles and scallion pancake (all 3 I always get every time I go plus more).
Heard this place by coworker, xiao long bao didn't tasted as what I expected, but still taste better than many places
Very good, but honestly hard to believe that they have been Michelin recommended for so many years. First off, after a short wait we were seated but then blatantly ignored by all the servers. I swear it was because we aren't Asian. They actually looked the other way when we made eye contact & tried to wave them over. After finally grabbing (literally) a waiter we ordered soup dumplings (good but not the best we've had) & scallion pancake stuffed with beef (awesome!). Then came shredded chicken with rice cake (excellent) & Shanghai udon (good).  Overall the food was tasty. No atmosphere & if you are white...the service sucks. Make sure you go with some Asian friends & I'm sure you'll have a decent time.  Btw...SUPER cheap!!! $25 for all four items.
The soup dumplings here are very good, they're not my favorite in the city but they are good.  Noodle soups are also very good.  The service is inconsistent though.  I've been here and was served immediately, however, I've also been here and had to wait almost 10 minutes.
No frills place to get soup dumplings and some "brunch" aka salty soybean milk, my absolute fave.Luckily, I always manage to grab seats within the first 2-3 minutes..(besides that one time in the rain where we patiently braved the elements for a solid 10)I usually get the crab dumplings, salty soybean milk..my boyfriend opts for the pan fried noodles (they serve beef, chicken, pork..and seafood I think)Service is either hit or miss, but being Chinese myself, I don't expect much service when I'm eating at places like these.
Great soup dumplings, I like Joe's Shanghai better but these were a really tasty option.  I loved them, a great ratio of filling to skin.  The real star here was the scallion pancake with beef.  Really amazing. Fast service for lunch. This place is packed at lunch and is on everyone' s radar in Flushing.
Although it doesn't compare to Din Tai Fung, this is probably the best XLB place in NYC.  They have expanded in the last few years, but it can still get pretty packed around dinner time and the weekends.  They have a limited menu, but what they do serve is mostly very good and affordable, especially their XLB, cold dishes and breakfast items.
I've been coming to this place for years now. I remember when it was a hole-in-the wall type of place and now it has two more rooms to the restaurant! No more waiting for a table to get my yummy soup dumplings! I love this place because it's cheap and its good! Everything on the menu is delicious! If you are looking for something authentic to eat I would suggest trying the warm sweet soy milk with crispy dough and just rip pieces of the crispy dough and put it in your warm soy milk. Reminds me of a simple breakfast when I traveled to china!
Of the two heavyweight soup dumpling joints in Flushing, Nan Xiang comes out the winner in my book.  The soup dumplings are filling and don't have an excessive amount of soup in them so they're not too difficult to handle.  One set along with an appetizer is enough to keep me filled and happy.  For the appetizer, I would recommend that seaweed and chili salad.  It may sound intimidating to some but it's a surprisingly refreshing dish.  I didn't get to try any other dishes during my visit but they seem to have a solid menu.Only gripe is the seating area and the waiting time.  Since Nan Xiang is insanely popular among locals and wayward tourists in Flushing, the wait times can get excessive.  The waiting area is miniscule, since nearly every part of the restaurant is utilized to service the maximum amount of people.  Some tend to crowd around the door, leading to problems getting in and out of the restaurant.  Others choose to wait outside but there's a chance of missing your number being called.  It'd be nice if they either had the ability to announce numbers outside or at least ring up people when their table is ready.  Also be ready to share a table with others since they like serving as many people as possible.
I would give this place 6 starts if allowed!If you are ever craving some absolutely delicious shanghai food on a snowy Thursday, then this is the place to go! Actually, it doesn't matter when you go, because Nan Xiang is just plain AWESOME! As per the recommendations of many of my fellow Yelpers, I first ordered the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings). Followed by the scallion pancake with sliced beef. For the third dish, I ordered the spicy beef with noodle soup.  Allow me explain further, my culinary voyage. The soup dumplings were steamed to perfection. The skin, was slightly chewy, with mild flavor. Contained inside is a delicious, briny broth, and a tender piece of steamed pork. (A++)  Next was the scallion pancake with sliced beef. I am actually still having dreams about this dish. The beef is slightly sweet and very tender, and is contained in a decent sized scallion pancake that is light, fluffy and fried to perfection and is a good idea to split with someone else. As for the beef with noodle soup. The broth was flavorful and not too spicy, with plenty of noodles and beef and peppers. A great addition to the meal on a very cold and snowy day.I will be returning to Nan Xiang soon, and often.
Yelp reviews directed me here for some of the mind-blowing soup dumplings ever tasted in NYC. Let me check my mind, nope, not blown. I was surprised that the crab and pork wasn't that tasty. It definitely passed the test but it wasn't something I would recommend to people that they MUST HAVE! However, the pork soup dumplings on the other hand was definitely a MUST HAVE! It trumped the crab and pork by far being a much more flavorful doughy pouch of goodness.The appetizers were average. Didn't really care for the seaweed. The  "couple's meat platter" was alright. I would comment that the scallion pancakes were awful. They were like slabs of soft poorly pan fried pancakes slapped together. Gross. Whatever happened to the crisp exteriors that a real scallion pancake should have? When holding Nan Xiang's scallion pancake up with my chopsticks it flops over like a sad child hunched over in class waiting for school to end. What an upsetting pancake...
The soup dumplings were little delicate pillows of pure pleasure.  My boyfriend and I had the crab and pork soup dumplings.  The skin was delicate and thin, filling was perfectly seasoned and yielded a nice amount of soup.  There was a long line for this place to get in, but we only waited five or ten minutes.  Their soup dumplings are hot and everyone wants a piece of it!
The XLB are QDD (quite damn delicious) but I don't know, they're not the BEST I've had.  They are on the sweetish side, have an extremely delicate flavor, and are oh-so-pretty.  My favorite XLB in the tristate are still from Petite Soo Chow (yelp.com/biz/petite-soo-…).So why the four stars?  SCALLION OIL NOODLES (cong you mian).  They are cracktacular and RDD (ridiculously damn delicious).I came here around 5PM on a Sunday and didn't have to wait, but it was really busy and got pretty crowded pretty fast.
This is a decent place for a quick bite, the noodle soup are pretty good, the house dumbling taste so good, i think I'm going to visit more often
This is the most authentic dumpling place I've been too. The prices were good, it was about 6.50 for each dumpling dish. We  had the crab and pork xiao long bao and the soup tasted delicious, it was very clean and flavorful tasting. The crab made the soup inside slightly sweeter which I liked. The skins of the bun was just the right thickness to hold the soup without ripping when you pulled it up and tasted delicious. We also got the Pork pan fried dumpling which was very good, it was like biting into a pillow with delicious pork filling. Although, they did made and mistake and forgot one of our dishes. Since we were tourist, we didn't have time to wait another 25 minutes for the beef and scallion pancakes ( you know its fresh when it takes that long) . But all in all, I was very with our visit and will definitely come back again when in New York!!!
Solid food, but not spectacular. Reasonably prompt and friendly service. Comfortable and functional dining area. Decent value for money.
WOW. If you like great tasting dim sum at good prices and nice service, then come and check this out. More than worth the effort.
Four stars for the xiao long bao because this place is so much better than Joe's Shanghai a lot less grease the beef in the scallion pancakes were good too. I came here several times just for the soup dumplings but on one occasion we ordered jellyfish and also the cucumber appetizer and also a rice cakes with beef the two appetizers were bland and did not taste very fresh and also the rice cakes were way too salty.I have also had some of the other hot appetizers which were better but the dumplings are what save this place, but this is definitely not the place to be adventurous unless if you want a heart attack from the spike in blood pressure you will get from everything else
I first discovered the soup dumpling almost 10 years ago at Joe's.  I then was weaned at Shanghai Cafe, and then finally reached soup dumpling nirvana at Din Tai Fung in Taiwan...yet throughout this past decade, I can count the number of places where I've eaten them on one hand.  If I was really to become a soup dumpling aficionado, I'd have to try some other places, and the most highly recommended suggestion was Nan Xiang in Flushing.The trek out to Flushing is long but generally the food has always been worth it, and Nan Xiang was no different except in the decor.  This was an actual restaurant that was clean and bright with room for at least 50 people.  Of course though, decor was only a mere sidenote compared to the reason for this trip: the soup dumplingWhile Din Tai Fung will still always hold a place as my favorite, Nan Xiang's soup dumpling was excellent.  At first I was little shocked that they were served only 6 to an order at almost $7 for the pork version (in comparison, Shanghai cafe and joe's in manhattan chinatown serves 8 for less than $5).  I thought maybe the mark-up was due to the friendlier, roomier confines within which i was sitting.  But upon my first puncture, slurp, and bite, I realized that this was a special soup dumpling.  First, the skin of the dumpling was not too thick and yet not completely transparent that it would break when trying to pick it up...definitely a lot of points on the skin.  Second, the pork filling tasted fresh and delicious in combination with the skin...there was no greasy feeling after.  Finally and most impressively, there was a lot of soup in those dumplings, moreso than in any I'd ever eaten.  Whereas shanghai cafe or joe's might have 1-2 seconds worth of slurping (and mouthroof burning), Nan Xiang's had at least 3-4 seconds worth of warm, comforting pork-flavored broth in its dumplings.  The miracle of all this soup may have helped explained the slight markup on its soup dumpling prices.  As my friends and I were in the middle of a dumpling crawl, we didn't get a chance to try their wide array of noodle soups and entrees...but they tempted us whenever they passed by.  The noodle soup bowls were huge and had all kinds of fillings in them.  I also noticed a large number of tables ordering appetizers like shredded bean curd.  One dish we did get was the scallion pancake with beef wrapped within...wow, it was and is definitely a must-eat.  The crispyness of the pancake with the sweet and savory of the beef brisket made me want to call up all BBQ joints to have scallion pancakes added to their side dish menus.There will be days in the future where an order of Shanghai Cafe's dumplings will be simply all I need.  However that day in the future may take a long time to happen.
Incredible dumplings and tasteful niu rou mien! The only problem is that the place is very small and the wait for the dumplings can take a while but when the taste is exquisite, the wait is worthwhile!
AWESOME :) if you can't find Din tai fung around you. They are not the best dumplings I've had in my life but they come pretty close .What I do like about this place is that they have chinese style breakfast, which I miss, to be more specific this very shanghainese. The salty beancurd Mmmm, fried dough fritters they make it them really well here, it come out hot and crispy but fluffy inside .. AWESOME !!!!The noodles are really good, one of the better la mein type noodle , I've had. So if you haven't tried this place :) TRY IT ! plus it's cheap :)
This place has the best soup dumplings I've ever had in my XX years of age! The dumplings come out fresh and hot and super tasty! The kitchen is an open space and is close to the seating area so you can actually watch the cooks roll the dough, stuff the dumplings, and put them in a steamer.. Everying comes out so fresh! The soup that comes out of the dumplings is so flavorful, really hit the spot on a cold day!
YUMMY!    And they were great and accommodating with our stroller even though place was packed.   Soup dumplings were great.  Cucumber appetizer delicious and I loved the steamed veggie dumplings!
Awesome soup dumplings and noodle dishes!!! They also have wonderful cold appetizer dishes that are tasty, fresh and complementary to the heavy dumplings/noodles (spicy bamboo shoots, cucumber in garlic and oil, etc). On weekends, expect a line but the turnaround is fast. Love this place! The only dish that isn't as good as Joe's Shanghai is the scallion pancakes. They're just ok.
YOU EAT HERE NOW!  I've been going to this place for years.  Best soup dumplings ever.  It's a madhouse and you can wait for quite a while for your order, sometimes they can be a bit rude, but I still give it 5 stars because it's so delish!Try the steamed pork buns (soup dumplings).  The soy peas, bean curd, and cabbage salad is just amazing!  The cucumber w/ garlic is great too.  Really everything... except for the soups (nothing special).If you want the best soup dumplings in the city, EAT HERE!
Came to this place this morning for some breakfast - Shao Bing (sesame flatbread) & You Tiao (fried bread stick) but was informed that there was no Shao Bing available.  It is 10am.  Why wouldn't you have breakfast?! Instead, I ordered a bowl of sweet soymilk with "Jiu Cai He" (Garlic Chives Turnovers) and my mom ordered some dumplings.  We waited for 45 minutes for our food to come, only to find out that it tasted AWFUL.  We didn't order Xiao Long Bao, but perhaps this place is only worth that.  The service is SUPER SLOW and our server was rude to the max.  She had all kinds of excuses for why the food takes 45 minutes to come, and mouthed off to my mother when she inquired why our food was taking so long when we ordered so little.  Talking down to my mother?  Minus 1000.  I'm not sure how numerous customers have overlooked the service of this place and tolerated it for so long.  Perhaps this place is worth the try at least once, but I won't be coming back for more!
Firstly they sat us by the door and it's freezing cold when there's more than enough tables further in. People who came in after us were all seated inside. When I tried to order certain things on the menu they said they didn't have it. They just opened an hour ago I don't think they ran out so if they're not serving it anymore take it off the menu. She didn't elaborate on why it wasn't available. Ordered 5 items and only received 4 dishes. Once again no explanation. No status update like we're in the process of cooking it ? Probably just forgot. We couldn't even ask where the last plate was or ask for the check because they didn't care to check in on how we were doing. After awkwardly sitting there for 25 minutes just went to the cashier and asked her for the check. I don't mind waiting for a dish that takes longer to cook but I would like to be informed. She just forgot didn't give a shit. Horrendous service, very rude. Needs better staff management. The cashier was busy texting and she realized when it was too late we were neglected and pissed.
Awesome XLB!  Its the best I've ever had and my wife says its the best she's ever had outside of Asia.  The cucumber garlic dish and the rice cake with beef are a must also! Its a nice clean restaurant with good prompt service.  And the prices are really affordable! The only sadness was that they ran out of the spicy bamboo.  Next time!
I always heard New York had good Chinese food, so it really confused me when, after two years here, I hadn't found a single place that impressed me.  Then I learned about main street in Flushing, and a quick search on yelp led me to Nan Xiang Dumpling House.  Forget Chinatown, this is where it's at.  I've been back several times and have never left disappointed.  So many reviews mention the soup dumplings, so naturally it was the first thing I tried.  I felt like a outsider as I naively bit into it, not realizing the obvious, that the soup would spill all over the table and my face.  It did.  After observing the more experienced soup dumpling eaters, I quickly caught on to their method-- gently placing the dumpling on a spoon and opening a tiny hole with surgical precision in order to extract the mind-blowingly flavorful liquid that lures patrons into this always-packed-house.  Wow, I've never tasted anything like this, now I understand why I had to take a number to be seated.  Besides the soup dumplings, I'm all about the Pork and cabbage soup, packed with noodles and greens, it's about as tasty as a soup can get.  The cucumber and garlic salad and the scallion pancakes with beef are also solid- they have seriously special hoisin sauce.  The stir-fried udon noodles were underwhelming at best, they weren't as flavorful as the other dishes and were somewhat greasy.  The service is also hit-or-miss, but that's just part of the fun.
it is legit but It is not as good as the dumpling places in LA and SF I love.
Solid place for xiao long bao. Better than Joe's (both locations) but not as good as Shanghai Cafe in Chinatown. We ordered the pork xiao long bao, scallion pancake with beef and the parsnip puffs (recommended by the waiter after he commented that we didn't order enough). The xiao long bao were good with savory soup and thin skin but like a previous reviewer mentioned something seemed to be missing...not sure what, maybe I wasn't that hungry or it wasn't cold enough outside...The parsnip puffs were a tasty treat but the highlight  of our meal was  the scallion pancake with beef. Order it now!!!!The service was good and even though there were many families and couples present, we didn't have to wait long for dinner on a Wednesday evening. I am willing to come back and give the soup dumplings another try.  Oh yea...just so you know the place only accepts cash - no cards.
I love this place. It's probably the best place in the entire New York area to get xiao long bao (soup dumplings). The skins are thin, thin, thin, and the soup has a really good flavor; it's full and meaty, unlike some other places I've been to where the "soup" on the inside of the bao is more like oil. Not here! The Shanghainese stir-fried rice cake here is pretty good, well fried on the wok. Prices here are decent, too. Definitely be prepared to wait a bit if you want to eat here, or try coming at off-peak hours. I had dinner here one night, but I'm dying to come back to try their breakfast -- I love youtiao and soy milk!
1 take out order of 1 serving of soup dumplings (6 dumplings total) took 30 minutes.  A littttle ridiculous.  $5.50...not THAT much cheaper than midtown Joe's Shanghai.  I also ordered a scallion pancake, which they forgot, but I was too fed up at that point to wait for it.Dumplings:  They were OK.  Chewy skin and lots of soup.  Not as greasy as Joe's.  But they also did not blow my mind.
Simply the best dumplings I have ever experienced and also deliciously crunchy and chewy scallion pancakes.
The skin of the dumplings is transparent thin. However, service is poor, our server stood over us because we ordered 2 appetizer and 1 noodle. The server rudely replied "is that all?", putting the standing pressure over us to order more food.Afterall, the price of the bill is $25 with 1 steam bun, 2 appetizers and 1 noodle dish.
Go here for:- beef scallion pancake. So so yummy. I may have liked it even more than the xiao long bao themselves. The sauce they put on it is amazing.- Xiao long bao. Tasty, soupy goodness. Plus you can watch them make them, so you know it's fresh. A bit big though, so get creative on different eating methods!- Ridiculously cheap prices. $60ish to fill five starving bellies to the brim.Maybe go here for:- beef noodle soup. I've had better - places where you can see the noodles being whacked and whipped into shape. Hit the spot on a chilly day though.- the side dishes. The braised soy beans were delicious...but I can't speak to the others. Also, the fact that they have them sitting out where everyone is waiting makes me slightly question how many germs they're covered in. Whatever, they were tasty.Don't go here for:- regular scallion pancake. Sorry, vegetarians. I like plants as much as the next gal, but this is just unfair compared to the beef pancake. - quick service. It's a busy place. Just wait your turn. And if they forget that it's your turn, let them know before they seat the next party in your spot ;)
The Soup Dumplings are it.....Pork or the Crab and Pork Dumplings are really good.  The restaurant did earn a Michelin Star for their dumplings.  An order does take a little while to make, so you will wait. They start making your dumplings after you order them.  Order an appetizer with your dumplings if you are hungry.One of my most embarrassing food moments took place here as an older Chinese woman, felt compelled to give me a lesson in eating the soup dumplings correctly. I was not representing.............  Other yelpers explain how to eat them properly.I think this a must stop on the Prince St. Flushing Cheap Eats Tour. Which I think would also include Sifu Chio, Happy Beef Noodle House, Sunway, Spicy And Tasty and White Bear with a quick detour to Xi'an Famous Foods.
The BEST soup dumplings in NY. Skip Joe Shanghai's and head over to Nan Xiang! You won't regret it!
Best breakfastXLBplain hot soy milkscallion pancakecold spicy braised beef with tripe.
These people aren't messing round. They're quick and efficient, and the soup dumplings are some of the best I've had. The boyfriend and I tried the pork and the pork/crab. The crab had more flavor. We also had the crispy noodles with beef. So good! Also, a must try is the bamboo shoots in chili oil. Its a cold appetizer, but is delicious.
Above average XLBs, but you can sure do a whole lot worse in the Flushing area. The variety at this place will keep me coming back. They have awesome pork and cabbage noodles (awesome for cold, wintery day) in a very hearty broth. Also, just recently tried the wontons with chili oil and peanut butter, and it was a savory, unusual combo. I have also tried the scallion pancakes with the beef and the tofu gluten dish served cold - - both also come highly recommended.Come early on weekends and expect a wait. The yelp followers and bus tours departing from the yuppie cesspools are all on board!
Service was just basic, but, the main reason you go to this place is good food. Highlight dishes were crab pork dumplings and beef-chilly pepper noodle soup (very mildly spicy). This is a cash only joint.
Ok.....so the last time i had Nan Xiang was actually in China-Shanghai in Yu Yuan....the line was super long there.....but i dig!I have been really good today....12hours of studying...so i decided to treat myself to some XLB! Asked my friends if they wanted to come with me....and it was the best decision ever!Not sure if its related to the same establishment from Shanghai..but...the XLB was good...i definitely liked the Crab XLB more than the pork. The skin was almost perfect, and there were so much soup inside...yumm!!! We also ordered Jian Bao...not sure what the english name is...XD, but it was pretty good as well....the skin wasnt too thick and still moist. =DThe service was subpar...but who cares when the XLB is good..=) i would definitely travel all the way to Flushing again for some XLB!!!!!!!! =D
Sigh. Sigh. SIGH. Nan Shian Xiao Long Bao...how many times am I going to come back to you, only to be disappointed by you again? I've brought two friends here separately, promising them the best xiao long bao in the business (better than Joe's Shanghai), only to be burned by the lack of craftsmanship and flavor they brought out.I'm going to dedicated this song to you:Just gonna stand there and watch me burnBut that's alrightBecause I like the way it hurtsJust gonna stand there and hear me cryBut that's alright because I loveThe way you lieI love the way you lieI love the way you lieYou use to be so amazing - your crab xiao long baos juicy and full of flavor, your beef scallion pancakes fried to the perfect crispness and your service attentive and pristine. This all went down the drain when you decided to take over the empty store next door. Now, everything feels commercialized. I feel as if you sold your soul to the suits. Now I long for you to return to me...and I always have hope you will...one day.Food: Everything has been different since they decided to "expand." Before, this spot was a well-known hole-in-the-wall, packed with hungry customers aching for some xiao long bao. Now, there is hardly a line or a wait as they doubled their capacity. Unfortunately, this has created quality problems. The xiao long bao soup is diluted, there's hardly any flavor, losing any savory feel they had. One time, the beef scallion pancakes seemed undercooked, another time, they took 40 minutes to come out. I need some consistency please. I'm willing to wait if the end-product is amazing, but they just aren't anymore.Noodle dishes are run-of-the-mill. Don't expect anything exciting from their Fried Shanghai Thick Noodles, Rice Cakes, or Noodles in Pork Minced Sauce. Something positive: Cold soybean milk is lovely and a good value. They give a lot for the cold dishes in the front (gluten, cucumbers, etc.).Ambiance: Crowded. You're sitting next to your fellow diners. Pretty much standard.Service: Service is absolutely horrible now. I don't expect much going to Flushing, but I do expect at least ONE server to be in the same room I am dining in. Instead, my friends and I had to constantly walk over to the other room just to find someone that works here. And no, we weren't badgering the servers with little nuisances, we didn't have spoons for our xiao long bao! How do you expect us to eat?This place is completely understaffed for its newfound capacity. I would suggest more workers/table. I feel as if they have the same amount of people as before, but twice the number of tables. One time, my friend wanted some sheng jian bao after eating a rack of xiao longs. My friend ordered them (going into the next room of course); only to be told we had to wait 18 minutes. Who says 18 minutes? That's so specific I'm assuming you're using a microwave or Foreman grill. We politely declined...but of course the waiter put in the order anyway. GTFO, I'm not waiting for 18 more minutes, I have a meter to tend to!Value: Standard value in Flushing, but they charge tax. BIG WTF. If you are 'Cash Only,' no WAY should you charge tax. This is an unwritten rule in restaurant management! C'mon people, I don't know why my fellow Yelpers haven't pointed this out.
Sorry, but the place is actually called Nan XIANG Dumpling House, maybe Yelp can fix that.  Don't come here for the service, just for the food. Don't get the wine/drunk chicken, it doesn't taste drunk. It tasted like it had low-tolerance and kicked the bucket early. Also, the chicken was anorexic, cause there was no meat on that chicken! Do order your xiao long baos (soup dumplings or direct translation - little dragon buns) the second you get seated. Then peruse the menu for something to hold you over until your your dumplings get there. I promise you, there will be a wait for them. The Shanghai Pan-fried Udon ($6.95) noodles were okay, Joe Shanghai's is better. They were extremely oily and lacking in the veggies/meat area. The noodles tasted a little chalky to me as well.The Scallion pancakes ($2.95) were smaller than I expected. They also had less scallions than expected, which is a good thing if you hate those green things. The pancake was fried well, and well-aerated. Good quality taste and went well with the vinegar/ginger sauce that is meant for the dumplings. The soup dumplings (6 pieces instead of 8 at Joe Shanghai's and $5.50 instead of $4.75) were great. The soup was markedly different, it definitely had a cleaner, less fatty taste the ones at Joe's. The skin is thinner, which makes it tastes better, but also easier to rip (and the soup to be lost). The dumplings are better, but Joe's is a much smoother operation - dumplings are churned out every second, English is more fluent, and service is not polite, but at least lightning fast. Overall, yummy (and cheap)!
We lucked out. Found a parking space in Flushing quite quickly. Didn't have to wait in line. Arrived just before dinner time. The reviews on yelp kept mentioning the crab and pork soup dumplings. Terrific. Hot. Tasty. We also had the beef and scallion pancakes. Yes, a bit greasy but oh so tasty. We thought the best of what we ordered. And, then the pan friend pork buns. Yum. These three dishes were plenty to fill us up and we were glad that we hadn't ordered a fourth dish. Prices are very affordable. Reminder: this is a cash only location.
Fantastic, absolutely fantastic.  Really enjoyed the Xiao Long Bao, flavorful, soupy, wonderful little balls of goodness.  Only complaint is that they need to take a bit more time and care with their non-Chinese patrons so that I can explore more of the menu like a native.
In my opinion this is the best Xiao Long Bao place in Flushing.The Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings are oh so savory. Get them!The Shredded Pork and Shiitake Mushroom Rice Cakes are delicious. Get them!What?! Chives & Egg Fried Bun?! Awesome. Get it!Beef and Chili Pepper Noodle Soup or Pork and (Salted) Cabbage Noodle Soup? Get both!Sweet soy bean milk for $1? Nice.Tab for all this tasty goodness? Roughly $35.Conclusion: Good for breakfast, great food overall, concise menu, and cheap prices. A must try if you are in the neighborhood.
3.5 StarsAfter reading some of my peer's review of this restaurant's soup dumplings and how it was the best in NYC, I had to try it out. So after a game of watching baseball at Citi Field, I decided to come here to try out the Xiao Long Bao's. It did not live up to its billing. I still stand pay that the best Xiao Long Bao's are in Cliffside NJ at Petite Soo Chow.The Shanghai Noodles left a little to be desired for as it was just too greasy and did not contain much meat or variety for that matter. It still probably has the best soup dumplings in the Flushing area though, so I can't knock it.
I always come here for the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and the assorted Chinese breakfast options - scallion pancake and hot soy milk.  If you aren't allergic to shellfish, the crabmeat option for the dumplings is pretty tasty.  I have a few friends who swear by Joe's Shanghai, though I don't know why since the quality is really not as great.Also, Nan Xiang actually started off as a tiny restaurant (probably less than 10 tables) and then they expanded into the space next door.  So for those who complain about the wait time, be thankful that they now have additional seating!  As far as the service goes, it's pretty standard for a Chinese restaurant.  They get the food out and make sure you get fed.  That's all I ever ask for, really.  Till next time!
I don't even want to review this place because I wouldn't want the line to get longer than it already is! But I'd feel like I was doing the yelp community a disservice by keeping this from you...Yes, the soup dumplings are fantastic, and the scallion pancakes a seemingly deep fried and delicious appetizer, but what I REALLY love here, that I have a hard time finding anywhere else, are the vegetable dumplings. Perfect chewy skin, and chock full of flavorful greens. I really don't know what goes IN it, but it is something amazing. This can convert even the most carnivorous of meat eaters. (Ok maybe not, but I can dream.)
One slurp, and my sisters' eyes swelled to the size of soup dumplings.  I'm flabbergasted we didn't immediately order seconds. Oh yeah, I guess because the service was too slow.The cold bean curd was worth the $3.75, as were the very popular, crunchy scallion pancakes. [But if you've made it to this review, you know the soup dumplings are what earned Nan Shian its two consecutive Michelin recommendations.]
The food is always great here! Known for the soup dumplings and i wouldnt blame them. The soup dumplings were better than joes shanghai. Came here for breakfast n dinner. The breakfast was amazing. I love everything on their breakfast menu. Nothing that i would complain about. However, when it comes to dinner, somethings were off. Dinner was packed like always. Had to wait 20mins. The waiters werent that attending. Smudges on my utensils. Ask for cold ice water n came a flat, luke warm sink water instead.Ordered a jellyfish appetizers, came more radish than jellyfish n it was extremely oily n salty too. Had to gulp down my cup of water. Other than that, everything was amazing n well cooked. I just wish the dishes were a lil bigger rather than a palm hand size.Other then that, whats not to love bout this place.
Awesome dumpling and reasonable price, especially the tempting hot beef noodles. Totally worth the trip and waiting time.
Best soup dumplings in NYC, this is as close to home as it gets for me. they also have stirfry rice cake and a few authentic Chinese side dishes that I love!
Delicious soup dumplings! We showed up at 3pm and there was a huge crowd of people waiting outside (be prepared to wait). Ordered more food than we could eat and our bill was only $30. So reasonable and delicious.
Excellent soup dumplings! We tried their spicy beef and pepper soup and it is delicious. We also tried their shredded pork and rice cake as well as the fried udon noodles, they were both delicious but the dumplings are where it's at.This place is great, food wise.....their customer service is relatively nonexistent, they never check on you, they forget your drinks, and asking someone for something or ordering more food is taboo. I was definitely ignored on purpose, but the food is so good that I could care less about their terrible servers. As much as the servers take away from the experience, the food is still worth it.
FOOD :  They're known for their Xiao Lung Bao that pours out a can of soup when they're puncture.  You can also get your filling on Taiwanese cuisine here too. Staples include Scallion dumplings and the Cha Chiang mein.  Hot soy bean milk is a great drink for the winter seasons too .DECOR : A little tight but adequate. Europeans might find it a tad cramp. Nothing outstanding here about its interior design. VALUE :  Think Chinese Food served for Chinese people. It's not PF changs , so it's cheap. You're not going to spend more than 20 dollars a person.  OVERALL:  Good food, good value. Easily accessible by mass transit. The waiters speaka the engrish too , so my fellow gwai los don't worry :)
Hands down, the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in NYC.  My friend said I'll never want to get xiao long bao from any other establishment in the city after eating here and that is true.  When I took my first bite, I noticed how perfectly thin/thick the dumpling skin was.  It didn't stick to my lip like they sometimes do.  The broth inside is very flavorful and clear, untainted by heavy amounts of oil.  The turnip puffs, fried bean gluten, and scallion pancake with sliced beef & hoison sauce were some of my other favorite dishes.  And the sweet soy bean milk... MMMMMMmmmm.  Only disappointment was the jellyfish app which had more strips of turnip in it than jellyfish.  There is also a guaranteed wait if you go during prime lunch or dinner times, so show up early.  I can't wait to go back!
the crab meat steamed buns are a must get!!!!
I started writing this review in November 2009. All I have is, "Great xiao lum bao (soup dumplings) as well as other dishes". That's about all I have to say. I've been there many times and it's always good._____
They soup dumplings here are amazing along with the cold soy milk the spicy wontons with peanut butter sauce. Service is okay depending on what day you go,
As a native of flushing, I am really glad this place came into the scene to beat out the monopoly that Joe's Shanghai had over soup dumplings. I agree with everyone else that their soup dumplings are better. The skin is thinner, the broth tastier and it has more of a contemporary feel with the long tables and open viewing of dumpling making.The reason why I really like this place is because of their other dishes, i find the noodle dishes really delicious, especially the beef and chilli pepper noodle. The noodles have a really wonderful chewy texture and the broth is flavored just right, t with thinly sliced beef and right amount of chillies. I am guessing they use the same flour to make their noodles and their dumpling skins. Whatever the formula is, it works!This place is really busy but they still treat their customers well and I find their services to be helpful and efficient.
This is a Nan Shian vs Joe's Shanghai review. I've been to Joe's Shanghai three times already in the past month that I've lived in New York and I decided to venture out and try other kinds of xiao long bao. After reading raving reviews and many claims of being "better than joe's" I decided to give Nan Shian a shot. All in all, I think I'll be sticking with Joe's.Here's my reasons why:#1: A lot of people say how they don't like the ridiculous waits at Joe's and it's true, I usually have to try to beat the dinner rush line at Joe's but at Nan shian, I strolled in at 7PM and was seated immediately with a lot of other open tables around me. However, the massive amounts of people at Joe's = constant supply of fresh XLB's. Usually your order comes within minutes at Joe's, but my XLB's at NS came nearly 15-20 minutes after I had ordered. The restaurant wasn't even busy. I am used to ordering my XLB's as I wanted them so I don't have idle XLB's not being eaten and skin toughening up, but it seems at NS you have to order them 15+ minutes in advance. #2: The xiao long bao's themselves: I'm the type of person that likes more flavorful (and I guess saltier) things. The XLB's at NS had soup that was more bland compared to Joe's. And the meat at Joe's had a lot more flavor as well. I coudln't tell much of a difference between the pork and the shrimp and pork XLB at NS. Even the sauce used for the XLB's seemed to have less ginger flavor and saltiness. This may be nit-picking, but I thought the XLB skin at NS was a little too tough. I did eat the hot dumplings right away! Though they didn't seem as tongue-burning hot as the ones I've eaten at Joe's. #3 The Shanghai Udon Noodles: I had a version of this at Joe's and the noodle quality was SO much better. It was still good at NS but it's much chewier (and fatter) at Joe's. This dish did seem a bit greasier at Joe's, but not by much.#4: The PRICE! At NS you get 6 dumplings for more money than you would pay for 8 dumplings at Joe's...The Beef Scallion Pancake was good as everyone has said, but after a few bites I didn't really want any more. I DID, however, really like their Sweetened Cold Soymilk :) a huge cup for just a dollar! In terms of staffing and atmosphere, I would say both are about the same. Neither one is particularly awesome about friendly and courteous service. THough Joe's has more servers and thus faster service.Nan Shian's food is pretty good. Just comparatively to Joe's, I give it 3 stars, because I know I've had better XLB's. There is a lot of debate between who has the best xiao long bao's in Flushing, but according to my taste (I do enjoy saltier, more flavorful things and don't mind extra greasy food), I'm going to have to say Joe's Shanghai wins this battle for me.
First the good.  The soy pea and bean curd app was fantastic.   The seafood udon and rice cakes, both also really good. Pork buns....  I have passed by a hundred times and always busy.  Always hearing about the XLB.    The fried, were honestly not very good.   The skin so thick and not crispy, it was bread like.   The steamed were good.  Skin texture was nice but flavor of soup was missing a little something.  I prefer Taste of Shanghai.   Tea - not very good at all, but hey it's free.   Service, not so much.  Somewhere between a 3 and a 4.   Think I will mainly get soy peas to go and move on...
Been here twice now, and the xiao long tang bao (soup dumplings) take me back to the good stuff I had all the time in China.Greasy, juicy, meaty pockets of soup in chewy, steamy dumpling shells (drool). I love you, little dumplings.Today we tried other dishes off the menu as well (yay for taking Chinese friends with us).  We especially loved:-Cucumbers in garlic & oil (really refreshing and palate cleansing after eating all that xiao long bao)-Beef pancakes--neu rou dan bing (chewey, carby, meaty, hoisen-y, awesome. Better than their scallion pancakes)-Fried noodles with chicken and mushrooms -Chives/egg pancakes (I DIDN'T KNOW THESE THINGS WERE ALSO CALLED CHIVES IN ENGLISH. love love love)-Rice cakes dish (i forgot which one...but like Chinese ddukbokee)I think they bought out the store next door and expanded the seating area.  Now you won't have to wait an hour to eat.  We were 5 people and didn't have to wait at all today (1pm Saturday)...this made me that much happier.
Great xiaolongbao! I was impressed with how tasty and juicy the filling was! However, the only downside is that the skin wasn't strong enough to hold in everything. I had more than half break on me (I swear I know how to use my chopsticks!). I also don't think there is much of a difference between the regular xiaolongbao and crab xiaolongbao. All in all, delicious and good value!
Nan Xiang Dumpling House, if you're in Flushing this is apparently one of THE places you need to visit for xiao long baos.  Not really sure what all the hub bub is about, but they're alright, nothing amazing.  Service is fast and cleanliness of the restaurant is above average so that's always a plus.  It's pretty easy getting a table because the restaurant has two wings with plenty of seating.  The food is good but if you're coming from the outer boroughs, it's probably not worth the trip.
The service was mediocre at best, but the food was delicious! The crab soup dumplings were my favorite, and if you want to have something spicy, ask for the beef platter. Also, there is this pan fried bun with pork inside it, and it is a must when you are eating taiwanese cuisine. I do recommend! (also it is cash only, so be prepared for that)
Went back again and had the Pork dumplings, Pork and crab dumplings, Sweet tofu soup and Rice cake with pork. All excellent!!
I would say the food here is only for tourists.  The xiao long baos were the worse I have I've ever had.  Too dry, not enough soup, salty inside to cover up how stale and unfresh the meat was.  The spicy tendons were alright.  It was spicy, but it does not have the numb effect, so they didn't put enough szechuan pepper.  The tendons were also not crunchy enough.  I have to comment on the waiters and waitress here.  They are the rudest ever.  They ignore and walk right past you when you walk in the door.  You'll have to wait and then ask to get seated.  I already wanted to leave before I even started the meal.  Then when you wave one over, it takes them two decades before they react because again they keep ignoring you.  They will be chatting in their little corner.  However, if you are not Asian, you'll will be seated very fast as we saw.  I should have taken my friend's warning not to have dinner here.  I thought it might taste good because it was packed, but I forgot to look what it was packed with...Non-Asians!
Highly recommended: crab meat dumplings & beef in scallion pancakeThough the wait can be long and the service sub par, the food is just so good. The menu isn't very extensive but everything is delicious.
Best Dumpling there is in Queens. All the reviews by the Yelpers said it all. I prefer this place than Joe ShangHai. Also, try the Scallion pancake, it's great. Expect long line on weekend. Well, you need to have patience to get good stuff.
I saw and heard about this spot through a video posted by NY Chef Eddie Huang. This place is a good good lunch, dinner and late night grub spot. the soup dumplings here are big and juicy, but it was hard to grab em without breaking it, and I'm a pro with my chinese utensils. dumplings are good, but not joe shanghai good!
Alright, one asian dude, and three cute asian girls all recommended these soup dumplings to me (I know, I should expand my circle of friends). All within the time frame of a week. The situation was dire. I needed to pay these dumpling ladies a visit. And so, I did.I was on a mission. Mission objectives were clear & concise, I was to extract most scrumptuos soup dumplings from the hands of the hostile (yet ingenius) soup dumpling ladies. Drop off site, the warm and inviting confines of my mouth.Boy does this place get crowded on weekends. This place was packed with lines rolling out the door. I got pushed and poked around by old folks, strollers, and everything in between. It was all worth it though.I enjoyed my dumplings courtside at the nearby park as onlookers stared at me in pure envy. And, to add insult to injury, every so often, I'd throw an arrogant smirk or smile their way. Yeah man, I was in soup dumpling heaven, and I wanted everybody to know.Now, one cannot talk about soup dumplings and not mention Joe's Shanghai. I ordered the crab flavor soup dumplings. The skin is pretty thin, so you have to be careful; two of them broke on me. The meat filling tastes softer, and fresher than Joe's. But, I thought the flavor was slightly sub par when compared to Joe's. I'll have to go back to try their standard pork soup dumplings as well as some other dishes.As punishment for my post-breakfast, but pre-lunch dumpling snack, I walked myself home (3 miles). Unfortunately, temptation levels were high, and my immunity level was low, so I stopped off on my route (along Roosevelt Ave) for some light snacks. Sigh...
Brilliant dumplings. The scallion pancakes with beef: delicious. Pork buns: delicious. Watching the ladies make it all: awesome.We even found the service somewhat friendly - I totally expected the kind of service you'd expect at a small, busy chinese restaurant. But was surprised at how generally friendly they were.Oh, yes. It's small-ish and they get real busy. You may end up sharing a table, but it is not a huge deal. It's also not super fancy, but you didn't come here for fancy. You came here for the brilliant dumplings.I left in a food coma.
This place is Michelin Guide Recommend, Zagat Rated, yet has barely any english on the outside... and those guys were right. This place is AWESOME. XLB were soo big and yummy. I should've just stuck w/the XLB, instead of going for the udon... but next time I'm coming back and ordering 3 orders of XLB.Can't Wait till i go back.
I came here for lunch on a weekday and was very impressed with my meal here. We ordered the xiao long bao and they were delicious, though hard to get out of their steamer in one piece. I also got the crunch noodles with beef and it was very tasty and flavorful. My boyfriend got a pork soup, which he said was average.
This is our 4th restaurant we try and oh boy was the dumpling's delicious!!! It was proably the best dumplings I try so far in NYC plus it was crowed but we got a seat right away. At this point we barfely could eat anymore so we just order 3 dumplings for the table and force ourselves to eat them. The dumplings was full of flavor and juice and extremely hot. I think I had to split one out because i ate it too fast lolOverall I wish I had more for this morning breakfast.
Awesome soup dumplings (listed as pork dumplings). There are six per tray, so when the waiter says that you want four, don't think that there will only be four in the tray. There will actually be a total of 24 dumplings. Either way, don't worry, you'll be able to eat 24. My girlfriend and I finished 30 dumplings and a plate of rice cakes with chicken. You'll enjoy this place.
This place has really good soup dumplings.  It's nice that as you wait in line you can watch the chefs make them.  The price is decent.  From what I hear Joe's Shanghai is cheaper, but I think this place isn't as cramped.  I do not have any complaints about their food or their prices, but the waiter did not take our order down correctly, so we didn't get enough of their delicious dumplings :(Overall, try this place if you are in Flushing and crave some awesome soup dumplings.
I don't know if I could definitely say that this place has dumplings that taste 'better' than joe's (they're definitely not worse than joe's), but their service staff is def more polite. at joe's i always feel rushed and unwelcome but the atmosphere here seems way more friendly. i was just a little surprised that they serve 6 dumplings instead of 8 in a batch, but it's not a big deal. they also have a rather small menu, but the essentials are all there. if there's a wait, definitely go inside and take a menu to see what you want. service isn't slow but it isn't super speedy like some other places.tables are also pretty accommodating for groups up to ~8 people.bottom line though, i'm definitely coming back -- and probably ditching joe's for a while.
This place is awesome! After the first time I went here with my family I was hooked! The soup dumplings are amazing. And I always order the noodles in scallion sauce as an appetizer.  It gets busy, but there are always tables available, and fairly fast service. Another cool thing about this place is you can see the women making the soup dumplings from scratch. Cheap prices, great food, what more could you ask for? Try it!
The service here is nothing to speak of at all.......really. If you need to go someplace where they focus on customers first, don't go here, because no matter how good the food is, you will not be happy. I had been warned of this, so I was prepared for the brusque treatment. The dumplings however, were the real star of the night. These are real SOUP dumplings. Not just a small amount of soup-these are the kind that you should eat with a spoon. Joe's has good Xiao Long Bao. But these are Xiao Long Tang Bao. Just be prepared to wait for a seat.
Grab your GPS, your zipcar, the girl you want to impress and drive on out here for a breakfast date/adventure. Come here now. Bring your friends for sweet hot soy milk. For fried dough. For soup dumplings. Do it in the morning for the best Chinese breakfast in NYC.
Better than Joe shanghai, hands down. Cucumbers, soup dumplings, pork or crab flavors, pan fried dumplings, seaweed, scallion pancake beef.. Perfect combo occasional side of soy milk and fried dough. Fresh, great. Problem = crazy busy .. No service.
On opposite day I would say "This place sucks, don't ever go here.  The staff are mean, and they are slow.  The dumplings are thick, cold and have zero flavor."  On reality day I would spend hours going on and on about how floored I was at this place.  This place is filled with angels delivering steamy little purses of heaven to your plate.Go and enjoy (you would be hard pressed not to).  15 orders later and I'm wishing I could be there now.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! My cousins probably get so sick of me when I visit because I am always bugging them about coming here for their amazing soup dumplings. We eat other things there too but the hot, juicy, succulent pockets of pork and soup are the stuff cravings are made of.When we first walk in we ask for several orders of plain pork and pork & crab soup dumplings. They are made fresh so we always order them first to cut down on the waiting time. There are 2 chefs, behind a glass window, who assemble the dough and meat into gorgeous dumplings that they then put into a steamer. Within 10 minutes we are gingerly biting into the piping hot morsels and consuming the deliciousness all while trying not to burn our mouths. My cousins prefer the plain pork ones but I enjoy all the flavors of the crab & pork intermingling. I could probably just fill up on the dumplings but the green onion pancakes and the Shanghai style pork chow mein are also wonderful.Word of advice, the service is very typically Asian and not the greatest, so don't expect much. However, IMO, the food is good enough that it makes up for it.
The food was great. Very tight, busy place, but well worth the time and effort
Holy Jesus, if only I could move right next to this place and grab breakfast every single damn day. The dumplings, the pancakes and the soybean milk = MUY BUENO. I hate going to Flushing because navigating the crowd is complete torture in itself, but whenever I do, this is the one joint that's always on my mind. You know this spot's legit when you can't even properly pronounce its name correctly. I'm Chinese, and I don't even know how to pronounce it. Is it NAN-SHANG or NON-SHONG? But really, who cares? Satisfy the belly of yours and order the food here. You can thank me later.
Good soup dumplings. In my opinion I find nothing distinctly different from Joe's Shanghai. Both are very good
Great Soupy dumplings.  I think ive perfected my way of eating the soupy dumpling from this place.  The dumpling size is just right to do the following.  Bite off the top to allow a spoonful of vinegar to season the soup inside the dumpling and then suck the soup up.  YUMMMMMY.  This way, the soup is not TOO hot cuz its been cooled down a little bit when you opened the dumpling.  and then finish the dumpling with more vinegar =) i like this place a lot more than joe shanghai and to top it off... its cheap.  the beef noodles though, nothing out of the ordinary.  The scallion pancake w/ beef were great.. just a lil bit on the greasy side
The soup dumplings were tasty, but the skin kept breaking despite my effort in trying to be suuuuper careful with them.. :( so there goes 1 star.We also ordered the scallion pancakes with beef dish which was yummy. This place gets another star taken off (sorry) because I was disappointed with the Shanghai noodles. It looked like something I could've whipped up in my kitchen in 10 minutes with leftover stuff from my fridge. Very minimal bok choy & meat.
Came here for lunch around 1:30 on Saturday, March 1, 2014. The place was packed but our party of 3 was seated within 15 mins like the host said (they got this down to a science.) We ordered the pork chop noodle soup, 2 orders of pork soup dumplings and an order of fried pork buns (sorry, I don't know the actual name). The fried pork chops were crispy and delicious but the noodle soup was extremely bland. I would have regretted ordering it if it wasn't considered a godsend by the member of our group who was extremely hungover. The soup dumplings were very good and the fried pork buns were ok, nothing I'd order again next time. And our bill came out to less than $40 making this lunch incredibly awesome.
Any place that serves fried food has to have a decent following of fans and this place is no exception. Nan Xiang Dumpling House serves a wide variety of chinese snacks and appetizer-like dishes.Their Xiao long bao (Soup Dumplings) are great and a definite staple. I'm not sure if they're were better than Joe's Shanghai, but their delicious broth mixed in with ground pork and crab meat were delicious.The fried crispy dough is another delectable worth trying and similar in texture and taste to a sugarless zeppeli. The Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef was a perfect blend of what appeared to be hoisin sauce with a slice of beef on a crispy/delicately fried scallion pancake. Purely delicious.Overall if you're looking for a nice greasy snack, or you're hungry and don't want to spend too much, give it a shot, you'll be satisfied. But don't expect a healthy meal, and be warned, if you order the soup dumplings, it might take a while for it to arrive depending on the time of day.
pan fried dumplings were amazing! Soup dumplings are very good as well. The cucumber with garlic cold dish is great!!! Very small menu and not much for customer service. But the food itself is great
come early, beause there is a wait at 3pm.  lol food:  we had the xiaolongbao, 2 orders, and beef roll.   - 5/5, really good.  close to ding tai fung qualityatomopshere - typical chinese place.  i'd rather them focused on food, so i'm ok with it. 3/5service:  4/5 - attentive, friendly, very taiwanese.  definitely a must visit for all people who love food
OMG I miss my beef scallion pancake and steam soup dumping.
I've passed by this place often but finally had the gaul to enter. I'm very glad I finally did. Food was great, I had some lamb noodle soup, and 4 fried dumplings. It was absolutely delicious and portions were great.
We made our semi-annual trip to Flushing, NY and visited all of our usual restaurants. This is always our first stop since we get there around 10 AM each time. I can't believe how crowded this place is no matter the time of day. The soup dumplings are still good and I like how they're different than Joe's Shanghai. The ones at Nan Xiang are lighter in flavor and not as oily as Joe's but I like them both. The fried dough were cold when the server brought them out. I didn't mind them as much since I dip them in the sweet soy bean milk before I eat them. My wife had a difficult time eating them. She said that they caused her indigestion the rest of the day. In hindsight, we probably should have sent them back.Nevertheless, I'll still go back for the dumplings when we visit Flushing again. We always stay at the Best Western around the corner and noticed that the owner and the employees park in the lot next to the hotel behind locked gates. The next I visit, I'm going to ask him if he will let me park there :-)
Love their dumplings, very good and cheap. 4 people bill came out to 35 and we were beyond full
Great stuff all the way except when the line is too long and I can't even stand in the vestibule. 85 percent of the dishes I am very happy with here.
I was initially referred to Nan Shian, not by a foodie buddy with a hard-on for Asian cuisine (of which Yelp has many), but by my mother (bless her heart), who has the streets of Shanghai running though her veins and has been a veteran Flushing diner/shopper for over 10 years. So when a restaurant in Flushing claims to serve real Shanghai soup dumplings, she throws down the Judge Hammer like no other. If my words don't convince you, her stamp of approval should.Coming from a family with deep Shanghai roots, I have extremely high standards for authentic soup dumplings. The necessities:- Thin but strong dumpling skin: The most difficult to imitate and thus the true mark of excellency, the epitome being Shanghai's Din Tai Fung, a near-transparent work of art.- Rich, flavorful, non-greasy broth: Great food begins with great ingredients. This is where Joe's Shanghai has begun lagging, since its broth is now sickeningly greasy. I suspect it's due to cost-cutting/time-saving.Nan Shian's got it all going for them. Just ask my mom. And at under $10 per person to be stuffed, it's definitely good bang for the buck.Others have already described the best method to eat soup dumplings without getting burned, so I'll just add my own slight spin on the technique. Instead of taking a small bite from the top of the dumpling when it's on your spoon (which sometimes still results in slightly burning your lip/tongue), I push my dumpling to one side of the spoon and use my chopsticks to gently stretch the skin until a small hole opens up and the soup broth begins to seep through. Your spoon will fill but not overflow with soup (read the physics of liquids to know why) and then you can slurp it up at your leisure!Second time I came was with my lady and a friend (a Flushing virgin). Stuffed to the brim for 30 bucks total (3 orders of soup dumplings, 3 savory soymilks, 1 fried dough aka you tiao, and 1 app). Still the best Shanghai soup dumplings in NYC.Notes:Never had to wait more than 5-10 min, as I arrived after the peak times (11am-1pm).Order your dumplings ASAP as they are made-to-order. I recommend just telling your hostess how many orders of dumplings you want, the moment you're seated.Don't come here for the fried dumplings or the General Tso's or the pork fried rice or the beef with broccoli. You're asking to be fed trash and you should not be surprised if the staff is happy to oblige.-1 star for service being the Flushing norm aka crappy.
Been writing a lot of reviews about places that used to be better, this is another example.  The "foodies" have found this place and the restaurant has now expanded taking up 3 store fronts.  While seating is now not so much of an issue during dinner time, the quality is not as good as when the first opened with just the one skinny aisle of a restaurant.  The xiao long bao has gotten thinner skinned, flat and the flavor isn't quite there anymore.  I still go for the cold noodles and the salty soymilk. Its still the best xiao long bao around the area, but wishing it was the way they had it when they first opened.
Reasons to go to Nan Xiang for soup dumpling with people who have never had soup dumplings before:- You can tell them the general rules for eating soup dumplings and ridicule them when they mess up ie: whoever has the soupiest dish is the biggest dumpling eating failure and must pay for dinner then proceed to laugh and point every time they mess up and spill the soup- Watch the caution that first timers take when trying to migrate dumpling from steamer to spoon without breaking the dumpling and then cheer loudly when successful.Their small plates were awesome- I had some spicy beef tendon in that unforgivingly spicy ma-lah oil, marinated seaweed, jellyfish, sliced bean curd tossed in sesame oil and everything was soooooo good, my favorite being the spicy beef tendon and bean curd.  They're listed as appetizers on the menu, think of them as lil chinese tapas because you can order a bunch with a bowl of noodles and have yourself a little feast.Anyway, I haven't eaten in Flushing in awhile and was soooooo excited to slurp on some soup dumplings with the family.  I never loved Joe's Shanghai but everyone raved about it back then.  These in my opinion are 20x better.  The broth is light and flavorful and the meat feels soooo much lighter.  I can eat them all not and not feel gross.They also have my favorite breakfast foods, salty soymilk and beef wrapped in scallion pancake and those were yummy as well.  If you've never tried you must go now!!
The food is decent but they always fuck up our order. I ask for a soybean drink. And they bring me a coke. The food here is also a bit greasy for liking
We've been here a few times and it's one of our go to places on our way home from work and we don't feel like cooking dinner at home.The soup dumplings are divine and they are - hands down - the best we've had. The Beef & Chili soup is good. It's big enough to share. It's almost like having a chinese version of ramen.We've also tried the Pork & Cabbage soup. Be warn that it's on the more subtle side of the taste spectrum and it has a lot of cabbage - but the soup base was clean and refreshing.The Pan  Fried Pork Buns were good and a decent compliment to the soup dumplings with it's more hearty chewiness.The Cucumber & Garlic appetizer is an acquired taste. You better love cilantro cause it's covered with it.
No place is worth the sh*tty service ... the xiao long bao was good but not worth the wait and DEFINITELY not worth the crappy service ...I understand if they don't speak english but at least learn how to call out the ticket numbers in english as you DO have english speaking customers waiting in line holding a ticket .. and trust me, even if you stop them and ask them what number they've called out, they will still walk right past you calling out the number in chinese ...screw that.
This place is pretty awesome. My boyfriend and I used to always get our soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai until we found this little jewel. Now we only go here. Just be prepared to wait, especially on the weekend. The following are some of our favorites:Soup Dumplings: Great! Definitely get an order (or two!) You should order these first even if you haven't decided what else to order yet. They take a while to prepare. Scallion Pancake: Delicious. They are rather big. It already comes cut into 3 parts.Rice cake w/ beef: Kind of greasy but very good. Definitely feeds 2-3 people if you order other items as well.All in all a great place to eat!
I decided to test out the assertion that Nan Shian has the best soup dumplings in NYC with a bunch of convives recently. Like many, my major experience with the form was via Joe's Shanghai, a version I still consider after all these years to be rather good.Turns out, they got nothing on Nan Shian.It took quite a while for them to make our order despite us having timed it to hit the restaurant at an off-hour. In the meantime, we got noodles with scallion sauce that were perfectly fine but nothing special. It was more notable for the difficulty of separating it into individual portions, as the noodles were a bit sticky and indeed sometimes seemed like they weren't "noodles" at all but instead a really really long single noodle that we couldn't cut with chopsticks alone.When the soup dumplings finally arrived, they certainly looked the part, with wrappers much more translucent than those at Joe's Shanghai. Indeed, while I was trying to demonstrate proper technique for consuming a soup dumpling to my virginal convives, I was afraid I was going to punch a hole in the dumpling as I picked it up with chopsticks. There are few food experiences sadder than helplessly watching the steaming broth drain out from a soup dumpling, after all. Luckily for my pride, despite the dangerous amount of sagging that the filling subjected the delicate wrapper to, I did get it successfully onto my spoon. After biting a small hole in the side, I took a sip and put on a brave smile as the plasma-hot liquid gave my tongue, oropharynx, and esophagus second-degree burns. Oh well, that's part of the experience.Once the pain died down, I was able to appreciate the depth of the broth's flavor, the diaphanousness of the wrapper, the often-overlooked juiciness of the pork filling itself even when drained. I almost feel like I shouldn't bastardize them with the English term "soup dumplings" and instead just call them xiao long bao.Probability of return within 1 year: 30%, as xiao long bao still aren't really something I dream about, but this is the first place I'll send anyone interested
Great food!Probably the best soup dumpling in town!  definitely worth driving all the way from Brooklyn.  I also love their salty soy bean soup and beef wrapped in pan cake.  cold appetizers are yummy too, very authentic, exactly like what you get in southern China.  There is usually a wait, but tables turn pretty fast, so not too bad of a wait and it's worth it.
THE BEST DUMPLINGS EVER!!Now that they've expanded you still have to expect a wait.  And now BECAUSE they've expanded the kitchen, they can't keep up with the dumpling orders so they'll tell you that the dumplings will take like 20-30 minutes to order (and this is after you've waited outside for like 45 minutes) to dissuade you in ordering these precious tasty pouches of pleasure.  DONT BE FOOLED!! STAY STRONG IN YOUR ORDER! If you've waited outside for 45 minutes and you don't eat at least 2 orders of this juicy goodness PER PERSON, you are an idiot!When we go, we order other stuff too but in all honesty, I would skip everything else and put your stomach to work on the Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao's.  Really, don't waste your time ordering anything else.  The downside?  I live in OC, and even in LA I cannot find a crab meat xiao long bao as good as this.  And oh yeah, I can't even eat regular pork xiao long bao anymore either.Damn you Nan Shian for being so tasty!!
MIchelin recommended 2009 and 2010.  That's a lot of hype.I dropped by with The Notorious PIG and a few friends after the Queens half marathon.  We were famished and ready to "pig out."  I wanted some good Shanghainese brunch food and I was told I needed to be here.  The salty soy bean soup was really good.. even had the homestyle burnt soup aftertaste (or just poorly made and reminiscent of my moms cooking.. lol).  The sticky rice roll also very good.  Larger than the ones I get in Manhattan Chinatown.  Great complement to the soy bean soup and can be shared with 2 ppl.Scallion pancake with sliced beef was delish.  Crispy pancake.. very flavorful beef.  I can't say I would prefer these highly touted XLB's over anything I can get in my hood... but to a more picky XLB eater.. these are definitely 1) less greasy 2) more soupy 3) more compact.  They come in orders of 6 instead of 8.  The task of finishing an order doesn't seem as daunting.. but when was it ever?The pan fried rice cakes were not soft enough.. I would've like that they soak them a little longer. The pan fried pork buns were good.  Actually they are better than i'm typically used to.  They are small and less dough-ie.  The meat is juicy and the bottom of the bun fried to a light crisp.  yum.We also ordered the scallion oil noodle dish.  I could've done without this.  The scallion tasted like "carbon" but that's they way its supposed to be made.  My mom would've said it was fresh.   Ok... so we tried almost half the menu.  Overall good experience.  Not worth the Michelin hype but worthy of yelp praise.  I was initially only going to give 4 stars but I can't think of a Shanghainese restaurant I like more.  5 stars.. as good as it gets!
came back here several months ago and the XLBs were as good as the first time...i bumped them up from 4.5 to 5 stars bc the more i eat XLBs from other establishments...the more i find myself comparing them to nanxiang...and no one comes close...plus, they are made-to-order...since XLBs are their specialty, the turnover rate is high ensuring freshness...conclusion:  NO COMPARISON...NONE...again...make sure to squeeze your way through the narrow waiting/entry area and get a number...you will thank me for this...especially the non mandarin speakers ;-)
I've been coming here ever since they opened about 4 years ago. I remember the long lines, rude waitresses and KICK ASS soup dumplings. For the longest time, I didn't even know they had other food on the menu. The servers are still rude, the dumplings still kick ass, but the lines were alleviated due to their expansion next door. On my most recent visit back to NYC, I pigged out and had about 4 baskets of dumplings myself. I love this place and I hope they never change their recipe.
Shanghai food heaven.Rice cakes, xiao long baos, scallion pancakes, all some of the best.I used to swear by Joe's Shanghai (and I still do,) this place edges it out, but it is a bit smaller, so sometimes you'll have a longer wait to get a table (not to say that I've ever been to Joe's during dinner hours and was able to be seated right away.)One thing to note is you only get 6 dumplings instead of the 8 at Joe's, but I don't mind.The food here reminds me of my time in Shanghai, yes. That good.I can't vouch for the service if you only speak English and cannot understand Chinese, but my Chinese isn't that great and I had no issues, but I can't for the life of me remember if they replied in Chinese or not.
I was in the neighborhood last Saturday morning and I needed breakfast. I figured why not? I walked over and pleasantly no lines to wait. I sat right down and ordered the crab steamed dumplings and a soy milk.Nothing like having fresh dumplings in the morning!!!!  hhmmm hmmm so lip smacking good!!
The best soup dumplings I have ever had.I cannot imagine getting better than this, one has to try to beleive it.Another favorite of mine, their clear chicken soup, outstanding, I later found out they boil ginsen root in it.Their crispy noodles and rice cakes dishes, are the best I have had.This place has a somewaht limited menu, but everything in it is a "must".
I heard a lot of positive press about this place, so the family and I trekked out to Flushing on our annual NYC trip last month to check it out.  The Xiao long bao (dumplings) were indeed very good - we ordered both the pork and crab versions and these were excellent, although the soup broth was a bit greasier than I expected.  We also ordered a noodle dish that I've since forgotten the name of, and this was also very good.  If the service was as good as the food, I wouldn't hesitate to give Nan Shian five stars, but I can't.  It wasn't bad, just indifferent in a way that sort of makes you feel like you're an interloper if you don't speak Chinese.  Everyone there also pretty much ignored us other than bringing tea and water to start, with taking our order a few minutes later and bringing out the food.  It just made for a somewhat uncomfortable dining experience.  So, to recap:Food - Five starsValue - Four starsService - Two stars
Food here is delicious. The Xiao long Bao is probably the best here. Beef dish is also very good. Only problem is loooong lines. Average wait time is about 20min or more on a weekend night. But the wait is worth it. Definitely a good choice.
I came here with my friends for Brunch. The wait was at least 1 hour and we had to stand outside under the sun; very uncomfortable. But once I took that first bite of their pork soup dumpling, I decided it was well worth it! The flavors exploded in my mouth! I will never forget the taste! They are the best soup dumplings that I can remember having!
This is probably the only restaurant open at 8 am in Flushing. It's a great place to go for breakfast. I recommend the jelly fish with cilantro, soy bean milk, and of course the soup dumplings.  Service is always pretty bad, but it is likely because it is so crowded there. They do not take credit cards, so bring cash.
3.75 stars... I can't bear to give it 4 due to its non-existent service.Hubby and I came here again because I was seriously craving some soup dumplings.  On a Tuesday evening, we were able to walk right in with no wait!  Amazing since even after they expanded there is usually a line of about 10 people long outside.We ordered the crab soup dumplings, the Shanghai fried buns, chicken soup, Shanghai fried noodles and a soy milk (for hubs).  Like an overeager fat kid, I burned my tongue on my first soup dumpling.  I can't help it, I haven't eaten one in so long!Everything was good EXCEPT the fried noodles; I'd recommend getting the noodles at Joe's Shanghai -- they're MUCH better there.All in all a great meal, albeit very lackluster service.  Just come here with patience and you'll be fine.
This place is awesome.  Period.Seriously though, if you are dying to have the best xiao leung bao, you need to come here.  Sorry Joe Shanghai, yours cannot compete.  Yes it's unfortunate this place is in Flushing, so it's def a trek to get here from the city, but it was well worth it.  Get here before the rush (and preferably with a small party) if you don't want to wait - for 2 of us, we only waited about 5-10 min when we arrived slightly before noon on a Sunday.  For any of you who are unfamiliar with how seating works at some of these smaller Chinese establishments, you will most likely be seated with strangers.My sister and I are ridiculous eaters, so we ordered enough food for a family of 4.- Sweet (hot) soy milk: I personally don't like this stuff, but we both agreed it seemed kinda watery and lacking flavor.- Xiao leung bao/Pork Soup Dumplings: AWESOME.  I am glad we ordered 2 orders (1 for each of us).  The wrapping/skin is thin and there's plenty of soup in these things!- Beef scallion pancake: felt the need to try this based on the reviews.  It was good although extremely filling.  Probably wasn't the best idea given the other food we wanted to eat.- Shanghai Thick Noodles: good and not overly greasy like most places.- Pan fried pork buns: YUMM.  I was extremely disappointed that Joe Shanghai's didn't have this on the menu bc I treat this as a Shanghainese staple.  The buns were nice and fluffy and the bottoms were properly fried and not too brown.We had all this food for around $30 - the prices are totally reasonable.  We had enough food to take home for another meal.P.S.  CASH ONLY!!!
This is the spot for some soup dumplings. Get the crab ones, you won't regret it. Fresh out of the steamer, the skin is thin and not tough to bite on. A good amount of soup that doesn't contain excessive grease from the meat itself. Expect AT LEAST a 15 minutes wait for your order. But believe me, it is worth the wait. Nothing beats a bunch of asian ladies making your dumplings from scratch in an open kitchen. Things I recommend while you wait for your delicious soup dumplings- a hot/cold soy beans drink. It is healthy and only a DOLLAR! It tastes freshly grinded from the back and not from a pre-packaged container. - scallion pancakes are surprisingly good. not overly saturated with oil. though i'm not a fan of it, too much carbs and it fills you up before the dumplings arrive. - my favorite appitizer has to be the spicy beef and tripes. it is served cold and generous amount of chili oil over it. if you can't handle spicy food, try it anyway! I tend to order the crispy chicken noodles. unlike the lunch special that you get from a ghetto chinese joint, this one is loaded with yummy goodness. Plenty of shredded veggies and chicken. The yellow noodles are perfect, half crispy and half soft over a not overly thick corn-starched sauce. STAY AWAY from Joe's Shanghai and their nasty frozen pre-made soup dumplings that taste like whatever it is sitting next to it in the freezer. As far as service, if you are gonna eat in flushing, it is almost non-existent. But you will get awesome food, a fully and happy belly without breaking your bank...this is the SPOT!
I can't believe i did not review this. My favorite soup dumpling restaurant in flushing. Joe's Shanghai can't even beat this. I am chinese so you better take my word for it. They have pretty limited items on their menu, mostly noodles and chinese appetizers but those are usually good for breakfast and lunch.My usual will be soy bean (warm), scallion pancakes, spicy beef noodle soup or beef rice cake and of course crab  soup dumplings. Enough said, if you don't try it, you will never know.
love the dumplings, beef scallion roll and crispy noodles.
Although the sign has no English, you'll know you're in the right place by the huge line outside the door.  Was it worth the 6 block hike from the hotel and 30 minute wait?  Most definitely!  The hubs and I had the onion cake with beef, spicy beef noodle soup, and juicy pork dumplings.  The onion cake with beef was super tasty.  It was nice and crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  It had a sweet brown sauce, possibly a hoisen sauce?  Anyway, it was good.  The spicy beef noodle soup was not too spicy.  It had just enough kick to it.  The beef in the soup was cut in bite sized pieces and it was very tender.  The noodles were cooked al dente, just the way I like them.  The broth was very tasty, it warmed my soul.  Yum!The juicy dumplings were fresh and super duper juicy.  Be careful because you will burn your taste buds off!  I actually enjoyed them without the dipping sauce.  They were nice and flavorful on their own.  Also, the texture of the skin was perfect, not too thick or thin.  It held everything together very well.    If you're in Queens, this place is definitely worth trying out.  They also had a bunch of other stuff that looked appetizing.
Went here this weekend and WOW. The line was out the door but don't get intimidated. The wait isn't bad at all because they took over the connecting restaurant next door. There is more space on the other side and the food and service is fast. We had 3 adults and 1 baby. They were really accomodating on the hot food and drinks near kids. Must order the soup bun, soy milk, and beef pancake. Great lunch place. Haven't had good food in flushing in a long time!
During college, my friends and I would drive down to Din Tai Fung many post-drinking Sunday mornings.  Xiao long baos were the ultimate hangover cures.    Since moving to Manhattan, I've tried to recreate this Sunday ritual but no places I've tried come anywhere near the deliciousness of DTF. Too big, too thick, too dry, something was always off.  And I'm sad to report that Nan Xiang falls into the "close, but not close enough" category.  The dumplings are pretty thin but they are HUGE, so 6 will be more than enough/person.  There is plentiful juice in every bite at just the right temperature (hot enough to burn your tongue) but the liquid is waay too oily for my liking.  Towards the end of my meal, I could almost feel the oil separating and rising to the top of my stomach.  I tried to emulsify my stomach contents w/ a side order of vinegar cucumbers, but they were soggy and not too flavorful.  The Shanghai rice cakes are also oily but the chewy texture of rice cake contrasting with the crispness of green onions is addicting!  During prime brunch time, prepare to wait ~25-30 minutes for a party of 4. Ten Ren's is just around the corner so get yourself a drink first (sin boba...save your stomach for the dumplings!)
When we can't figure out what to eat, this place is in a pile of our "what to eat" toss up list. Their dumplings are good, and their noodles are pretty good too. Maybe it's because it's been a place frequented so often, and for so many years, that I don't know if it warrants the all five star - but the food is good and has been so consistently. The wait can be long on the weekends, and it has a madness feel to it during peak lunch/dinner hours, but you won't mind it so much once you get your eating thing going.
Absolutely below average restaurant! No service, poor food quality ! How often have you seen "C" sanitation rated Chinese restaurant!  There are a least hundreds of Chinese restaurant around 5 blocks radius, you will be happy not coming here
Xlb here is excellent - as other reviewers have noted, the skin was thin and the innards extra soupy!  We got the pork and the crab meat dumplings.  Delicious!Other highly recommended dishes: Noodle with Scallion Sauce, Cucumber & GarlicI didn't love the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef because I thought they overdid it with the hoisin sauce & it was too sweet, but the three other people I came with enjoyed it.
I love this place because I love their xiao long bao!  I went to New York specifically requesting that I eat dumplings during my trip.  This, however, was my first time at Nan Shian and I swear I ate an entire bamboo steamer of the dumplings and that would mean I ate "6".  I tried both pork and crab and can't decide which I like better.  You bite off the tops of these little babies and pour a little bit of ginger/vinegar inside, drink some of the soup, and take a big bite, careful not to lose any of the soup.  So delicious!Besides the xiao long bao, I also enjoyed the scallion pancake with sliced beef and rice cake with shredded pork.  I love the chewiness of rice cake!I was there for lunch on a weekday so there was no wait and I don't remember service being that bad.  I must go back!
I followed Yelp to check in this place. I tried 3 dishes. Scallion Pancakes; Soup dumplings (crab & pork); Seafood noodles. I only satisfied with soup dumplings. The other two - I only tasted them. Scallion pancakes had puffy/chewy dough with almost no scallion and a small dry slice of beef inside with beijing duck sauce. The taste was ok, but it was not worth to give up my diet. The seafood noodle was bad - cheap frozen noodle with frozen fish and soup with no base. I will pass. After these two dispoointed dish, I had soup dumplings which was very nice. They put a lot of ginger inside which gives good aroma and taste. The dough was not too thick nor thin. The staffs were all nice, but the service was sub-par. I would say soup dumplings - 5 stars; everything else - 2 stars
Great food! The dumplings were awesome and the pancakes were delicious! Will definitely stop by when I'm in town again.
If you are ever in the Queens area and craving soup dumplings, I would definitely try this place. A friend took me here once for the first time, it a bit hard to find in my opinion, away from the hectic streets of main street, but it's a hidden gem! Everything on the menu is super affordable and my favorites are the soup dumplings and scallion noodles. If only I lived in Flushing again, I would eat there every week.
Many friends recommended this place and since I lived so close and never had a chance to try, I decided to go on a lunch break with my boss one day. Even though it was lunch time and there were a tons of people, we easily got a table since the restaurant was pretty big. We got an order of the crab meat xiao long bao, an order of beef noodle soup and an order of chicken pan fried noodle.. That sounded fairly easy to get done, right? The noodle soup and pan fried noodle came fairly fast and since lunch break does not last forever, soon we finished the noodles. We waited and waited, our xiao long bao never came. I asked our unattentive waitress at least three times that if the order isn't done, it's okay. However, she kept on trying to tell us that it was almost done and just made us sit there for a good 15 mins without food on the table. When she finally came, she almost knocked into a baby and spill it all over. Such a scene gave me chills up my spine. The food was awesome and I will return because of the food only. However, they need to improve on the service. I was really disappointed with the service.
I haven't been back here for quite awhile. On my recent visit the soup dumplings and some of the appetizers are very delicious. The soup dumpling Itself was delicious but the skin Is still thick and sometimes you can see a little of extra dough left on the side of one or two dumpings. You can always scrape it off. Love the taste of the soup inside the soup dumplings. The appetizers we had was the scallion pancake with beef, spicy beef tendons, spicy bamboo shoots, the sweet tofu with bean curd, and the jelly fish with turnip. The spicy dishes are always good. The tofu with bean curd is one of my favorite dishes. It's cold but sweet. This is my first time trying out the jellyfish with turnip and I felt disappointed. There was alot of turnip and so little jellyfish. I had better jellyfishes in other places. The scallion pancake with beef is another of my favorite dishes. It's crispy on the outside and sweet on the Inside. The service was great. It improved alot.
Excellent soup dumplings!!  Don't know what more to say about this place.  The worst part about writing yelp reviews is that it always makes me super hungry.  I could go for some soup dumplings right now.
Listen, Nan Shian is in Flushing.No.  Seriously.  Everything you could hope to say about Nan Shian can really be summarized in that first sentence.  When I come here it means an epic subway journey.  Not just leaving Manhattan, no when you step out at the end of the 7 you've culturally left the country.  Its a long ride, but these are soup dumplings worthy of a pilgrimage.  They will ruin you for all other NYC soup dumplings.  You will think back to them fondly and treasure the absent memory.To those who think the service is super slow: you're may be doing it wrong.  In my experience, at Nan Shian they just don't subscribe to the usual"I'm your waiter, I'll drop by and say hello to take your order".  If you want your food to come quickly then do like the locals and flag down a waitress when ever you need anything.  Ready to place your order?  Chances are about 50/50 that no one will come by for it unless you make some serious eye contact and waving motions.  Like I said, this is Flushing. Finally, it is worth reiterating: The place is small and ultra popular, so if you are bringing a large group and expecting to sit down swiftly your expectations may need to be adjusted.  But coming as a group of 2 I've been able to get seated right away even when the line is starting to peak out the door.Five stars for soup dumplings worthy of a journey.
I really like the dumplings especially the crabmeat. These savory pork dumplings are the best! I used to go to another Shanghai dumpling place which has lost its quality. The wait here is always ridiculously long during the weekends. Make sure you come early! This place is the spot for xiao long bao. I usually am a regular. I come here at least once a week and all my family members love this place. A really popular noodle is the shanghai noodle which is stir fried. I would say this is ehhh. Another is the noodle soup which is the cabbage and pork one. One highlight of this noddle is it comes with fresh cabbage and not the preserved type. They get extra kudo points. I can never get tried of this place!
I think Nan Xiang has the most legit Shanghainese "dumpling" (xiao long bao) that you can find in NYC.  Aside from the xiao long bao. the beef pancake, beef noodle and salty soy milk are the must order whenever I go there.  I don't know if its the food ornwhat but theres something about Nan Xiang makes me want to go back once a while.
Hands down, the best xiao long bao ever!I've been a regular customer here for 3+ years now. Trust me, it's worth the wait. Everything on their menu is SO FREAKIN GOOD! Know how many orders of xiao long bao you will need, and order them right when you get seated. It takes a long time for them to make it. Also, I always order the stir fried udon and rice cakes when I go. They're really yummy. The only complaint I have is that some of their servers can be a little rude sometimes, but I think that's because they're so busy running around.
I will give them 4 stars because I had a mild case of food poisoning last time.  I thought my stomach was better than that!  Order:  beef noodle soup (spicy is good but non spicy is even better), chewy handmade tasting noodles in a really beefy broth.  I had a stomach full of soup waving from side to side when I walked out of the place.  It's so good that I was still craving this the next day (while I felt nauseas all day)XLB's because everyone gets them.  They aren't my most fave soup dumplings but they are pretty good.  The meat is flavorful, of course juicy and it tastes "loose"  The wrapper seems to be too cost effective.  I like my XLB wrapper's translucent and thin.  They probably use thicker ones to prevent breaking and leakage.  Soy bean milk to wash down all the msg and salt afterwards :)  YUM, comfort food doesn't get better than this!
"Service isn't so great, but the delicious XLB makes up for it! Stick to the original and don't get the one with the crab. Hands down more tasty than Joe's"
Must try the pork and pork with shrimp soupy buns. Good prices, fast service. Delicious food.
Love this place!  Great food, not to mention awesome prices.  There is always a wait on the weekends but it goes fast because service is fast.I've gotten all the cold appetizers and they are all delicious.  However, the last two times I went they sold out of at least one dish we wanted to order.The chicken soup is surprisingly good.  Tastes really clean and non-oily.  The soup buns are also clean and non-oily.  I want to eat here, like, all the time.
not bad friend took me there had a beef soup  not big on soup but it made me think about checking out more places with soup
An awesome place to eat at for my first time in flushing! Granted, we had to wait about 30-40 minutes because we came in a party for six, but the food came SO QUICKLY that they were easily forgiven. I have a big heart...So I was probably the least chinese in the group and just let my friends order. I'm totally going to get the names wrong.... :(We ordered...1) Spicy beef and tripe: I loved the texture and the cilantro. I polished off the plate at the end of our meal even though I was stuffed! I can't help but eat food when it's sitting right in front of me...2) Chicken soup: mmm light and flavorful. If I was sick and bedbound, I would definitely want this :)3) Pork Chop Noodle Soup: I can imagine how great this would taste on a rain day or after a night of drinking...But would probably pass on this. 4) Noodles with scallion sauce: so simple but so delicious! Do order this one!5) Noodles with beef and green peppers: meh. I think we ordered too many noodle dishes...6) Shanghai noodles: very much preferred these thick noodles over the noodles that were in the soup. Scavenged through all the carbs to pick out the veggies in this dish. Welp, that's my vegetable intake for the day...6) Spicy wontons with peanut sauce: the skin wasn't as soft. But still delicious!7) Crab & pork vs. Pork XLB: I preferred the soup and filling of the crab version. But both of them had SO MUCH SOUP. Couldn't stop slurping. I think I burned my tongue....and spilled soup all over the table. Sigh. Wasted soup! For all this and some soy milk, it ended up being about $14 per person. What a wonderful place to pop my flushing cherry! Heh. Now I need to go eat a salad...
This place gets 3 stars because it was great, but service is declining. It's to be avoided on weekends unless you want to wait 1 hour to get a table. Small plates, soup dumplings, etc are great, but try to go on a weeknight!
I am thankful to all previous yelpers because if not for their write-ups, we wouldn't have known about this place.  Their dumplings and noodles are amazing! It's true they are made fresh and you can definitely taste the difference.  Shame on me for feeding my family instant, microwaveable crap. Like some have said, do not expect kiss-ass service here. Just say what you need whenever you need it.  They won't be coming to your table every now and then to ask "How is everything going for you?"  They have dumplings to roll!  It's really a small place so I imagine it's hard to be seated right away if you come as a group.  Payment is CASH ONLY.  And parking can be found around the corner, on a metered lot.
I was introduced to Nan Shian Dumpling House during the Asian Feastival and loved their steamed pork dumplings.  The wait for dinner was about 15 to 20 minutes on a weekday, looks like they can only accommodate about 50 people in their two rooms.  We ordered their steamed pork dumplings, steamed crabmeat & pork dumplings, the fried crispy noodles with beef and rice cakes with beef.  Both dumpling orders were good, but I definitely liked the crabmeat & pork dumplings more; I think the crabmeat added more flavor into the soup inside.  Both the noodles and rice cake were delish.  Finished it up with an order of the sweet soy bean milk to go.Overall this place is great for some cheap eats; it won't do any damage to the wallet.  The portions could be a tad bigger, but who cares, the food quality is well worth it...more of a reason to order a different variety to try other things.
MJ's Star : 3Price : beef & tripe $5.50, Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef $3.50, Steamed crab meat & pork buns $6.25, Beef & Chili pepper noodle soup $5.95 (except tax & tip, cash only)
I've passed this place along that row of restaurants, and realized that it was always packed with a large group of people waiting. Go figure. I heard about it later and wondered did it really live up to the hype? I do like my soup dumplings. These are definitely different from Joe's. Joe, I think we need to talk, no its not you...really its not you....First off, pork dumplings, the purist in me could taste the cabbage more than the pork, and there was sesame oil? It wasn't your basic pork soup bun that's for sure. Very flavorful. Off to the crabmeat one. Damn you taste the crab more. You acknowledge its presence and it commands you to keep eating. Kudos for the soup buns. I'll definitely eat you on a cold day!Ordered the spciy beef noodle. The beef was tender. The noodles were so soft. The peppers were a bit spicy. Its a slow burn that builds up over time. it doesn't hit you all at once. So if you have a low threshold for spicy foods, you may want to share this one with someone. I can't handle spicy foods but this one was pretty tolerable. Then again I'll spicy foods till I cry if its good.This place is definitely worth trying out. Sorry Joe, its not you, its me...I think we need space. I think we need to see other people.
Nobody is kidding about those soup dumplings. I really need to try more than just the scallion pancakes, dumplings, and other "popular" items, but anticipate that they're just as delicious and authentic as what I ate.
Our monthly stopping grounds, I've noticed the crowds are getting bigger and the wait is getting longer... With the little one, we have to get seating for 3 now, so thats another factor to the long wait.. This past weekend, I was hungry and in my "duh duh" mode, wife asks, what number are we, I say 9, the lady is screaming numbers from 23-30 something... So I'm thinking, great, we have a nice wait... The lady starts to shout numbers from one and up, repeating numbers and crossing numbers out since some just leave. then five, five, five and six, six six, the guy that has seven is standing there saying, they left and was soo happy his seven got called, =in they went ... so I'm standing there in my "duh duh" mode with wife and baby, carseat in-tow.... Then the lady goes 12,13 and so on... Wife says, aren't we 9...? I say oh yea, she skipped us in my "duh duh" reply.... I pull out the paper, getting ready to put my hey, I've been here the whole time sort of look... Then to see, I was number six... not nine... Who knows how many more minutes I wasted.. Lady felt bad for me and was very apologetic, I just went along and played it off...When I'm hungry, it's like the world is falling apart for me and I need an energy boost... Just like the video games... I get weak, weaker and enter the extreme "duh duh" mode when I get hungry...Final tally for our meal, which was a record setting sitting for use, 4 orders of soup dumpling, spicy wontons, and one of those side dishes... We got our fix for at least the next month... Our normal order is 3, but 4 was just too much, good but not comfy at all.... -S**tt*ing Lava!!
So very delicious! I'm a fan of soup dumplings and I have to say their pork dumplings are better than Shanghai Joes. They make a terrific crispy beef rice cake that's to die for! Not to mention the very best scallion pancakes.  One downside... I was starving an hour later wishing I got food to go!
For my birthday one year, an ex took me on a soup dumpling tour of Manhattan. We hit about a dozen places in a few hours, which allowed me to understand the traits of a good xiaolongbao. Unfortunately, we did not visit Nan Xiang that time, but if we had, perhaps we might have still been together. I think these are the finest XLBs in NYC, and they have the power to form new relationships and strengthen existing bonds. I'm serious. Go ahead, pluck a stranger off the street and offer an order of the dumplings. You'll have a friend for life. If that doesn't work, the noodles in scallion oil should. Or perhaps the turnip cakes. If you strike out with those, you're better off finding someone else.
Great soup dumplings! I actually came here twice in one weekend. The first time was pretty good, but the second time had even more soup-filled dumplings so it was even better. They had a great array of really good Shanghainese foods also. It gets pretty crowded during the prime dining times (especially on the weekends--Sunday lunch is the heaviest crowd, I think) but the wait is well worth it. If you're a fan of soup dumplings, definitely visit!
Beautiful place, very peaceful environment. Food was great and we didn't wait that long. We didn't really know what to order, but the waitress was very nice and helped us to decide what to get. Our tea cups were filled constantly and that was something that I value a lot. In general, it was a great experience.
Best Soup Dumplings this side of the East Coast!!!!!Nan Shian is a billllllllllllion times better than Joe's Shanghai.  Trust me.  I know my xiao long tang bao.  Nan Shian Dumpling house has the closest soup dumplings to the soup dumplings from the motherland (Taiwan).  Since there are no Din Tai Fung chains on the East Coast - Nan Shian you take the title of best xiao long tang bao in Eastern America.  YUM!  Dear Nan Shian, You make my heart happy :)
You come here for what they are good for -- soup noodles and soup dumplings. The soup in the soup dumplings is really good and the meat quite flavorful, but do not order the crab meat soup dumplings. The crab meat did not taste good. For the guy who wrote that his soup dumplings fell apart as a con - he just doesn't know how to eat soup dumplings. The soy milk is not bad, especially when it is warm, but I hate the skin that slowly forms! The turnip turnovers are really good, if a bit salty. Do not come here for other things - the rice cakes are only so-so, and the jelly fish is a sparse amount compared to the amount of pickled carrots and daikon it is served with. I am not taking any stars off for this, because you should come here for what it is good for!Also, I am not taking any stars off for how long you may have to wait during prime hours, or the small space for seating, because that is what you should expect, and it's pretty good for a small Chinese eatery.
My partner stumbled across Nan Shian when she started a new job over on Prince Street. She immediately dragged me there for a mid-week lunch.  It was cold (or as we say in Queens "it's m*$@therf*@king cold out!") but that didn't deter the folks waiting outside in a line.  The line tells you everything you need to know: families with small children, single working folk, and friends.  We were standing with an older Chinese woman who had stopped on her trek from New Jersey out to Long Island for lunch.  Let's be honest here: if you're looking for a place with good food, you want to see this kind of variety in line waiting to eat there. Especially since you're surrounded by about 400 other restaurants within a three block radius.Other reviewers have mentioned that this place is small. Yes, indeed. Plan to share a table if your party is four people or less. But that's true in most of Flushing's restaurants, and it gives a good excuse to share conversations. And once seated, I did not feel rushed to leave, even with the line out the door and snaking down the block.The manager was delighted to see us. My partner had been there the day before for take-out, and the manager was disappointed that she couldn't stay to eat. When she returned with me she said  "I told you I'd come back," and the the manager smiled and nodded happily.We came of course, for the soup dumplings, listed on the menu under "shanghai dim sum."  We'd been warned in advance that the soup dumplings can take a while to come to the table (they are hand made on order), but standing in the cold for 20 minutes made me hungry, so I also ordered the crispy noodle with shredded chicken.The four empty seats at our table were quickly filled by a family of four (parents with one grandparent and one grandchild) who immediately had the soy milk soup and fried dough served to warm them up.  I was tickled to see that the toddler was given a take-out plastic container with plastic fork and spoon, rather than the usual place setting - and useful for small hands unskilled at opening a soup dumpling! (Not to mention the lack of loud banging that children that age can create with a soup spoon against a small plate.)The crispy noodles were excellent.  They weren't the only noodles in the dish - udon also laced its way through, and the plate was infused with a brothy warmth that loosened the last of the chill that had planted itself in my toes.  Nice capped mushrooms punctuated the dish, cabbage provided a nice alternative crunch to the noodles. The combination of texture and flavor (which I augmented from time to time with the vinegar soy and ginger sauce) filled my mouth very nicely.We were sipping tea after consuming that dish when our soup dumplings arrived, along with the soup dumplings for our table companions. Thin skins, plopping nicely across the soup spoon, made it easy to bite the top and let the broth seep across the spoon. I found the broth to be wonderful  and not greasy. The kill was flavorful, rather than having given up its goodness into the broth.  The dumplings are marvelous, and perfect for a cold day to warm you through and through. I will be coming back here on a regular basis to work my way through the rest of menu.A caveat: my partner and I are often the minority "white faces" in Flushing restaurants, but as long-time Flushing residents, we also have little fear of eating in places where we can't read menus. At Nan Shian, the folks who waited on us understood our English just fine, and spoke English well enough for business purposes.  (Our Asian friends usually get the harder treatment than we do in these places in that "you're too good to speak your parents' tongue" kind of way)  Also, we have lots of patience when it comes to talking with wait staff across language barriers. If you don't, then you have two choices: 1) eat elsewhere or 2) take a deep breath, wear your humility on your sleeve and practice your good manners. Queens is a borough of hard-working immigrants who deserve your respect and gratitude.
best dumpling in queens
I always see a crowd of people waiting to get seats when I walk by and finally got to try it (2x in 2 weeks).  This place is decent ONLY for the pork soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes, but be warned that the soup dumplings take a VERY long time.   My main gripe is that they seem extremely cheap with the ingredients. As I came to the realization that my stir-fried beef with rice cake had 2 tiny pieces of beef that's barely visible to the eye, the table next to me complained to their waitress that their crab soup dumplings had no crab. Unfortunately for them, they got a bite of cardboard instead.  I feel this place does not deserve the Michelin recognition and falls below standard.  I'll be going to the Shanghainese restaurant across the street instead.  No, that place isn't fantastic, but at least I don't have to wait 30 minutes to eat cardboard.
I'm only a fan of the soup dumplings. The Nan Xiang one, not the crab flavor one. There's not much crab flavor in the crab soup dumpling if you compare with Joe's Shanghai's. Breakfast is good with soup dumplings, soy bean drink and beef in scallion pancake. Don't get the leek empanada. That thing doesn't have much filling and the crush wasn't that great. I ordered some soup noodle before and the noodles are too soggy. We also ordered the pan fried pork buns. I think they fried it a little to much and the bottom is all burnt. Other things on the menu are pretty typical Shanghainese stuff. Try not to sit by the door. It gets drafty in the winter. The other room can be stuffy in the summer too. I guess try to sit in the main room away from the doors.
My friends have what they call "Soup Dumpling Night" just so they can get together for, you guessed it, xiao long baos (soup dumplings). Cucumber & Garlic? Good. Spicy Bamboo Shoots? Good. Shanghai Pan Fried Udon? Good.Xiao Long Bao? GOOOOOOOOOOOOD. Get both the pork and crab meat xiao long baos. Don't think. Just do. You'll thank me later. I kept this review short and to the point so that you'd go try Nan Xiang already. So why are you still reading this???
Everyone who comes to NY always insist on going to Joe Shanghai for Shanghainese dumplings but I don't agree that that's the best here.  I think the best as of now would be Nan Shian Dumpling House in Flushing.  Their dishes seem more authentic and the Xiao Long Bao is definitely tastier and their skin is thinner.  I usually order sweet soy milk, xiao long bao (crab meat), fried rice cakes, sour cabbage with pork noodle soup, and  turnip cakes. Of course not just for myself.  The place is cheap and plentiful.  Always a long line. They recently expanded so service is definitely alot slower.  Their standards have gone down because they can't catch up to the crowd.  We went there once at night after the expansion and it turned out ok.  We came to the conclusion that they just can't keep up so alot of the food were either over steamed or just sitting at the counter waiting to be sent out to the table.  So if you want the real experience go at night.
worth the long ride out. get the garlic cucumbers and then just go hog nasty on all of the soup dumplings you can
Mediocre at best. Xiao long bao was ok but nothing better than what you get at joe shanghai. Everything else was pretty tasteless... scallion pancakes, pork and cabbage soup, and a rice cake dish are all included in that. I wouldn't make the trek there again. Nan Shian just further proves to me that you can only good/great chinese food on the west coast. Sorry NY, I wish it wasn't true.
Pretty standard fare. Was told by others that the Pork Soup Dumplings would be better here than the one's at Joe's Shanghai.Nope. I'm sticking to the JS in Chinatown, thank you very much. They are tastier AND you get 8 per serving... not a paltry 6.
Horrible service and not a clean place! we found a piece of metal in one of the dumplings. We showed it to the waiter and he didn't say anything, all he said was I will remove that from your bill. We tried to tell him this is dangerous to other customers and he should tell his owner/manager to do something about it. He reacted like it has nothing to do with him. I'm really disappointed in Nan Xiang. Never go back again!
-The best soup dumpling place in all of NYC. way better than joes shanghai IMO. -There almost always a wait and the place is small so not much room to wait either.  -You can park right across the street in the muni lot. -My regular orders are the crabmeat soup dumplings, spicy beef noodle soup, the cabbage pork noodle soup, and the spicy beef tendon. these things neverrrrrr go wrong. A filling dinner here only costs me and the bf $25 total.-the only thing i dont really like is the cramped seating, and how they sometimes make u share tables with strangers, and the bad/rude service. (They know you're gonna be coming back b/c the food is just that good.)  but rudeness is to be expected at a chinese restaurant in a "chinatown" unfortunately -___-
i wish flushing were closer. came here with the fiance (this is becoming a theme to my yelp reviews) and we ordered the steamed pork dumpling (better than joe shanghai), salty tofu porridge, deep fried bean curd with vegetables (slightly sweet, very oily), and cucumbers (refreshing after all the heavier dishes). Everything was great and CHEAP. I'm only taking off one star because they repeatedly ignored our requests for a water refill. i wish i knew how to speak chinese!
The only good part about rooming in Flushing every time I come to NY is that the Chinese food here is so legit! Nan Xiang certainly exemplifies this rule.Breakfast here is pretty good. I remember I really liked their soy milk and porridge (not together of course, haha.)Their house specialty lies in their name. No need to read between the lines here. The classic pork is probably the best version of xiao long bao I've tried. The dough is thin and flimsy, so picking up the bao without tearing the skin is always a suspenseful challenge (and it's pretty embarrassing if you're Asian and end up spilling all the "soup.")I love their shao mai too. The dough is even thinner; it is literally nothing more than a membrane. The sticky rice inside has a flavor that is well-balanced, so I can go on a marathon eating these. Not so much with the dumplings, which are richer.If you ever go to Flushing, do try the dumpling house even though you have to wait almost forever for seats during peak hours (supper.)
I was very disappointed by the lack of selection of dishes. Despite having the restaurant half empty, the serving was extremely slow, and they forgot to serve the appetizer we ordered yet still charged it to our bill.
I forgot I came here months ago with some colleagues, but my BF has been craving soup dumplings for some time, so we decided to venture into Flushing and try their much acclaimed dumplings. What can I say? Once again, a hit! It was very rainy and cold outside, and I was in the mood for a soup, so we shared a salty soybean milk. I don't particularly like the sweet one in general, but I will always go for the salty one and they made a good one, with chinese breadsticks and fermented small pieces of fermented veggies. We also had a scallion pancake, but they made the wrong order and stuffed it with beef and hoisin sauce, it was a bit too much for me. The soup dumplings were excellent! Alot of soup inside, but it wasn't too greasy and all flavour!. We also tried the veggie steamed dumplings, which happens to be my favorite! They were sooo good!Wow...I understand now why there is a line all the time, even when its pouring cats and dogs out. The food is that good!
oh my goodness this place has salty soy milk! my absolute favorite taiwanese breakfast food EVER, and I have been hunting for this all over the city. It was lacking the pickled radishes and needed a little more texture (more vinegar, maybe?) but I was so satisfied. And only $1.75! The scallion pancake was a little disappointing--lacked the true flakiness and they didn't have the option to add egg to it (sad!) and it only had a couple flecks of scallion. But oh well! The xiao long bao was delicious and filling--much better than Joe's or Shanghai Cafe, with a slightly thicker skin and gushing soup. They were a little expensive ($5.50 for 6 of them) but they're also a little bigger than Joe's or Shanghai Cafe's. And no gimmicks--they stick to pork and pork and crab only.Next time: I noticed that other tables had scallion pancake with sliced beef inside. Will definitely try that, and get the pig ears cold appetizer! Lots of spicy zing and chewy texture that's a fun new thing to try :)as usual in flushing, cash only!
Their spicy beef noodle is mediocre.  Their steamed dumplings are okay.  I sat across an old lady from Beijing, she said she would never eat at this place again.  About their steamed dumplings: I had the pork crab ones, and the crab meat was very little and not fresh, or flavorful.  I've had true steamed dumplings.  I believe this place is very popular with people b/c of the low prices.  Despite this, the service was good, and the restaurant appeared to be clean.
Flushing Fridays!  After a hard week of work,  my friends and I all head over to Flushing for some good and cheap food.  It's a ritual of ours, AND THIS PLACE is one of my FAVS!Out of all the places in NYC, these are my favorite soup dumplings (XLB).  Better than Joe's and Shanghai cafe.  I take my friends from out of town here, and it never lets me down.  Their XLB are always tasty and filled with soup.  Their side dishes are pretty solid too.  From the cold appetizers, I usually get  spicy bamboo shoot.  Or if you don't like spicy, try the jellyfish with turnip, it's light, tasty, and good for hot days.  From the hot apps, I get the pancake (green onion pancake dough) with sliced beef and Hoisin sauce.  Both good and will satisfy you until the main reason you came, the soup dumplings arrive.They have expanded but I haven't experienced the horror stories of waiting an hour yet AFTER sitting down.  You probably still need to get there early or you'll have to wait.   Hopefully I won't have to and they'll get that worked out soon so more people can enjoy their XLBs.
This turns out to be one of our best meals at New York.  Loved the garlicy cucumber, salty soybean, xiao long bao, crispy dough, and rice cakes.  Will come back again next time I visit New York!
Regarding the food: the best xiao long bao's in the country. End of story. Service is quick and the food comes out fast. Not as greasy and doughy as Joe's Shanghai. Bigger portions (and cheaper prices), slightly thicker skin than Din Tai Fung, with the same savory meat and clean tasting soup. Next time I'm in NY over a weekend, it's straight to Flushing for more Nan Xiang dumplings. Plus they have a small Taiwanese breakfast menu offering. A combination of soybean milk, fan tuan's and xiao long bao's equals, quite literally, the best Asian brunch known to man.
Sooooo good. and very sweet service....As a caucasion english speaking american in this area, I don't always feel as though some stores appreciate my business.. This place not only is delicious but fun to go to....
The food is pretty decent, no complaints here. I always get their scallion pancake with beef. Crispy, Shanghai style scallion pancake with beef and hoisin sauce in the middle, like a sandwich. Awesomeness.The low rating comes from their service. They're very inattentive to their customers (damn Asians). You can ask for tea, and it won't come. You can ask for the check, and it'll come. You try to order more, but instead they bring you the check. They don't really bother too much with communication unless they recognize you as a regular.My tip is to try to estimate how much you're going to order, and then ask them to leave a teapot or water pitcher on your table so you can just self-serve.
I'm in love.  I recently went on a dumpling tour in China Town.  Well, not such more legitimate  tour, but I did get vegetable dumplings from 4 different spots, and compared.  Every place, had fresh dumplings, naturally some better than other.  But all spots served god dumplings.  I do not find dumplings like that in Queens.  There are a handful of places I go to for Chinese Take out in Queens.  But, I have yet to find good dumplings.  They are always so thick and doughy.  That rule of course does not apply to Flushing, Queens.  I do not go to  flushing, often.  I go to Chinatown more often. But, I recently went to Nan Xiang.  I did a quick google search for dumplings in flushing and I choose Nan Xiang.  Unfortunately, there website is still under construction.  I had to search some more to find their on line menu.  Once, I did I was able to place an order of Vegetable dumplings, Scallion pancakes, and Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetables.  The pancakes were very soft., and delightful.  The dumplings were great, just as good as the dumplings in Manhattan's China Town. The Bean curd with mixed vegetables was also very good.  However, there was no vegetables at all.  It was shredded firm bean curd, with light seasoning.  Typically, when I get that dish, there are big chunks of sauteed and fried bean curd, with broccoli, snow peas, onions, etc swimming in garlic or brown sauce.   Given the name of the dish, I was expecting some vegetables.  There was nothing in the menu description, indicating that it was shredded bean curd, without actual vegetables.   In any event, I really enjoyed it.   The dumplings had to be good.  It's part of their name.  I love when the filling of a dumpling is as fresh as could be. The same goes for the actual dumpling.
To anyone who loves soup dumplings, this is probably your best bet, short of having to travel to another continent.  The dumplings are nice and soupy.  Also tried the scallion pancake, and it was very good.  The service is rushed and the place really needs to expand, as there is always a line out the door.  Still, I'm going to say that these are the best soup dumplings I've had in NY, and it's absolutely worth a visit.
Alright, this review is based upon two visits, one in the summer of 2007 and in September 2009.  I've read the other reviews and was surprised that this placed received so many good reviews.  Based upon my first visit, in 2007, this place definitely matched up to Joe's Shanghai and Joe's Ginger (the Manhattan locations).  Somehow, something happened during the past two years because when I visited 2 months ago the dumplings were horrible.  The skins were not as thin as they were in the past.  The soup was thin and runny and was nearly translucent.  Pork soup dumplings should have an unclear broth. Finally the meat was good, but not seasoned. Another minus was that they only give you 6 dumplings compared to 8 at Joe's in Manhattan's Chinatown, but I knew this ahead of time.  My benchmark for great soup dumplings remains with Joe's Ginger and Joe's Shanghai.  On any given day, they have their up and down days, such as runny soup or broken skins, but that is only 5% of the time.  Finally, as for the service, it was horrible.  During my second visit, they gave us the wrong order of dumplings. After they promised to replace our order, we waited almost 30 minutes before I got someone's attention and told them we will leave, so they should give us the check without the dumplings.  Only then, did they serve us our dumplings.  That was really bad service and it couldn't be that they didn't notice us, because there was a line out the door and I was sure they were keeping an eye on the tables to turn them over.  Oh well, this proves to me that your restaurant is only as good as the chef and service, as always.
LOVE the food here! Just like the xiao lon bao I get in Shanghai. If you want some Shanghainese foood..just come here.
Our lunch bunch assembled in front of Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao, a block away from my office. I've been self-designated the neophyte of the group, 'cause I don't speak Mandarin; it would be best to follow the group.Very clean, efficient and accommodating, the eatery fits the bill. The host lead us to our table for six quickly. Our lead says she's been here several times so, due to our time constraints, pointed us out to the noodle soup entrees.The shop is known for their soup dumplings which they make fresh on the premises.  I and three others promptly chose the seafood soup while the remaining three picked pork chop soup and tofu. Moments later, our waiter served six massive bowls of noodle soup in quick succession. I mean you could  feed the 82nd Airborne and a small Afghan village. The soup based was quite tasty. Light broth with undertones of garlic, shallots and oyster. Noodles mingled with large pieces of fish balls, squid, surimi and shrimp. Quite filling. Lunch accomplished.Parking is available with the municipal lot across the street. The 7 train is a block away while the major Flushing busses terminates nearby.
I will happily take the 7 train to come eat here. HAPPILY, I'm even willing to take the local train. I will not complain that it takes an hour or so. I will not complain that some of the stations are outdoors, therefore when the door opens, a gust of cold wind blows into the train. I will not complain because I have found a new love, Nan Shian. Not only do you satisfy my dumpling cravings, I was surprised and delighted to find some very authentic Taiwanese breakfast items on the menu. Needless to say, on that particular afternoon, I forced my dining companion to consume about half the menu items with me :) entirely worth the less than $30 total. and the insane food coma afterwards
My 4 star rating is PURELY for the soup dumplings ONLY...A lighter soup dumpling compared to Joe Shanghai (which I still adore) both a very good dumpling in my opinion. Although the soup was light it was still  very flavorful. I was able to eat more dumplings here than  at Joe's. The portions are considered small here, they only serve 6 dumplings per order vs Joe's @ 8pcs per order (I didn't check the price comparison). Our noodles came in big plates with little noodles, so I guess if you come with one or two other people the portions are fine, any more and you will need to order extra dishes (btw I'm a pretty big eater). I suggest not to order the scallion pancake, it was fried flour with zero  scallions - no flavor AT ALL. The fried noodles, shanghainese udon noodles , pan stir fried rice cakes, fried dumpling all very mediocre, decent enough to order so your dinner does not ONLY consist of soup dumplings.  Service - Typical asian to asian service  - We asked for the menu to add dishes to our meal (since the dishes were small) the waitress rolled her eyes at us. LOL -- I'm Chinese so I am use to this sort of rude behavior at Asian restaurants. OFC I won't say anything to them during the meal because I definitely do not want to find extra "ingredients" in my dishes. I kept my mouth shut last night, but I definitely had to Yelp about it.Sooo... come here for the SOUP DUMPLINGS period.
Solid dumpling house. Very good soupy dumps. Everything was hot, fresh, flavorful, and well made. Only con I can think of is that the shao mai were kinda weird.
Seriously this is my favorite restaurant in all of queens. I am particularly fond of the turnip puff pastries and of course, the soup dumplings. Unlike other soup dumplings, you won't be feeling full o pork fat when you leave.
After the temple, we decided a couple of hours' rest was required by our stomachs.  After walking around Flushing Mall and perusing multiple knicknacks, we finally made our last stop: Nan Shian Dumpling House.There were some people on line in front of us, and we were all fixated on the table by the glass between the sitting interior and glassed-off passageway where we were waiting.  Two little girls were poking holes in their soup dumplings, making puddles on their dishes, before finally munching on the dumplings.  Then, there was the stir-fried udon looking wonderfully greasy with brown sauce slicking it all.  Really, I don't know how we could have been even thinking of more food, but watching those little girls, I wanted those soup dumplings after all.When we gave our order for one serving of the dumplings, the waitress asked "One?"  After all, there were three of us.  "Yes, one."  "One?"  "Yes, one."When the waitress finally agreed that we would be allowed to share one order of soup dumplings between the three of us, we continued a conversation that needed a conclusion: what is the correct way to hold chopsticks?  Well, I know I don't hold my chopsticks correctly because my father told me so...only to be chastened when I pointed out that I held my chopsticks the same way he did.  It turned out that two of us at the table hold our chopsticks the "incorrect" way with the back parts of our chopsticks crisscrossing while one held it the "correct" way in the manner shown on the chopstick wrapper.  By the way, three Asian women all using their chopsticks on invisible food does not inspire confidence in the serving staff at an Asian restaurant, particularly in the manager who kept on glancing at us to see if we would go postal at any moment.Thankfully, the food arrived after we realized the weird looks we were getting, and we were able to use our chopsticks very delicately (both correctly and incorrectly) on the soup dumplings, making sure not to poke any unwanted holes.  Carefully chewing a hole at the top, we all took a sip of the broth.  Delicious.  Not too heavy, clear perfect broth piping hot.  We slowly sipped the broth, savoring every bit of it before having just enough to chew on all the dumpling.After our second dumpling each, we looked at each other and nodded.  Yes, the waitress was right.  We really needed more than one order of dumplings.  So, we got the crab soup dumplings.In the midst of waiting for our crab soup dumplings, and more weird invisible food chopstick manuvers (it takes a look while for those dumplings to appear given that they are steamed only after the order is placed) I was thinking about a table I had watched while waiting.  One of the guys had been soaking his fried long dough in hot soy milk...it looked so good.  When I said so to my friends, one of them said "Let's order it."  But when the waitress came over, she said, "Can we look at the menu again."  That's how we ended up with the fried long dough, hot soy milk, and stir-fried udon noodles.  The fried long dough was fresh.  So delicious with the hot soy milk.  All of this cost us roughly $25 altogether.  So, lessons learned:1) You really need more than one order of soup dumplings if there are three of you.2) If you wait on line and watch everyone eating, you will end up with more food than you thought possible to consume after a day of nothing but eating in Flushing.3) Do not discuss chopstick techniques on invisible foods at Asian establishments.4) Too much eating does not prevent happiness despite all the groaning.
As a person who was born in Shanghai, I do not recommend the food here. They taste weird as shit. I ordered the Xie fen Xiao long Bao, which means there would be crab in there. I are this thing in Shanghai before, I knew there would be a lot of crabs in there. However, they did not have any crabs. When I asked them, they said it was just like that, and they charged more! It's supposed to be a shanghai restaurant, but all the cooks and waitresses here were from Taiwan. As a result, do not go here.
This place is also known as Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao (which translated to Nan Shiang Dumpling House).I came here recently with a friend and he had touted it as the best xiao long bao place ever.  However, my experience was that it was not even as good as Joe's Shanghai.  My friend claims that it was an unusual night - and that normally the xiao long bao is really good.  My main issue with the baos that night was that they all busted at the bottom.  That means they were not constructed well.  Xiao Long Baos should not explode at the bottom.Still, I love xiao long bao even when they are not top notch, and I also did enjoy our other dishes - the cold cucumbers with garlic, pan fried dumplings, and the mushrooms, pork and noodles.  Prices are cheap!  Our whole meal was about $30.  Lines here are long, so go early!
Best authentic xiao long bao in NYC.   Joe's Shanghai has totally sold out to whitey at this point - sells them cheap overpriced garbage because they read about it in some crappy TImeOut review or something, while those in know stay away.  Keep it real and don't ever feel the need to cater to whitey.
Love the soup dumplings and garlic noodles and cucumber with garlic and scallion.What a feat and what a price!Unbeatable.  Please note if you come any time after 6 pm you will be waiting.. and the place is small so be prepared to wait outside as well !
What is that? You are addicted to soup dumplings and you want the breaking bad of all soup dumplings? You'll probably need to go to shanghai for that but until then, we have Nan Xiang Dumpling House. This was one of the places I was wanting to go to when I visited NYC and sweet mother teresa on the hood of a mercedes bens this is some of the best soup dumplings I have ever had. The soup is divine and piping hot. Every time I swing by NYC, this is definitely one place I will stop by forever.
food is good. but have to wait 40 minutes to one hour to get a table for a group of 3. maybe is because this place is too hot.
Hands down the best soup dumplings in NYC area. No jokes. Served and made fresh every day, you can even see the group of 3 middle aged ladies making them in the corner which IMO makes them more BOSS. The crab and pork combo ones are fantastic, paired with some scallion pancakes (again the best in NYC) and fresh pan fried noodles, you cannot go wrong....ever.
great soup dumplings... def a little less greasy than Joes shanghai.  I liked the cold appetizers a lot too.this place would've gotten 5 stars were it not for the shoddy service.  management wasn't too pleasant. **reviews lead me to believe they accept credit cards, when we arrived, a sign on the door said NO CREDIT**all in all i will go back... more than a few times!
Delicious authentic Chinese food can't wait to go back
less oily, bigger in size, less msg after taste than Joe Shanghai or Joe Ginger! Go before 6 pmIf you're concerned about whether these soup dumplings were pre-made and frozen - don't. They prepare them behind the low counter and is served fresh! And it's located right next to Canton Gourmet (best cantonese restaurant in Flushing) for your quick fix rice and dungeness crab satisfaction.
Some of the better xiao long bao in the NYC area.  Great value for the money.
if u are looking for something cheap and delicious, this is the place! I have been there many times and so far i like everything i have ordered. their soup dumping is the best! The place is always crowded but it's worth trying because it's authentic and yummy!!
Four and a half stars for the food, unfortunately the service forces me to round down to just four. Granted I'm used to the typical "Chinese restaurant service" but it more of the speed that I have an issue at Nan Shian. About a 15-20 minute wait for a table and when you order the soup dumplings it takes almost another half an hour to 45 minuates for them to arrive! The reason why I gripe is that I see many people just sitting and waiting at their table for the food to arrive, not evening eating. It seems that they need to readjust their cooking schedule, if they are constantly making batches of the most popular items, that would reduce wait time significantly.Now onto the positives. When the food actually arrives, you are in for a treat! These are definitely the best soup dumplings in the area. Flavorful hot broth and thin skin makes the wait worth it! If you are a soup dumpling noob, make sure to come with an experienced person to teach you the proper way to savor every drop and prevent you from burning your tongue. The Shanghai Fried Udon is also really good here and highly recommended. Just about everything here is better than the competition, not to mention cheaper...If you can head here during a weekday and avoid the wait, you will definitely enjoy it!
This place is known for their xiao long bao( soup dumplings) and the skin of the dumpling has good texture. Everything else they sell, is mehhhhhh. My favorite part of eating here is actually watching the ladies behind the cashier make soup dumplings by hand, its fun to watch!
We were first going to the food court under the Flushing Mall which is bleh so it was a good surprise that my parents changed their minds to come here. Clean place which is hard to find in chinese restaurants.The cold dishes were pretty good. I especially like the sweet bean curd dish with mushrooms and bamboo shoots.The xiao long bao were good too and I would say is on the same level as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. The chao nian gao with pork was superb. BUT my ultimate favorite is the sweet soy bean milk with freshly fried you tiao. This pairing is seriously better than stuff I've had in Taiwan.
Came late on a Friday morning, no line at all to wait. Servers were polite, restaurant was clean and spacious with A rating.Scallion pancake with beef (around $5): The scallion pancake, about the size of a Ti-84 calculator, was very tasty. I would suggest getting it without the beef, as the beef was not all that tender and the beef+sauce detracted from the soft crispiness of the pancake. However, this is too expensive for the size!Steamed pork dumplings aka xiao long bao (around $5): I've never been much of a fan of XLB, but these were pretty good.
In love. I don't know what the "old" soup dumplings used to taste like, but I don't come here for the soup dumplings? Crazy you say? Just try their scallion oil noodles and fried rice cake with chicken. Drool worthy good, I'm drooling just thinking about it right now. Cold dishes are also very worthy investment: for $4, you can pick from a variety of dishes with my favorites being the fried gluten, crispy cucumbers, and garlicky seaweed.Carbohydrate HEAVEN!
Love this place! Great steamed vegetable dumplings and soybean tofu salad (with dry spiced tofu, scallions and chopped greens). Came here for lunch and savored each fabulous bite. Love the soy souce with vinegar and shredded ginger dipping sauce! Service is a bit gruff, but I was expecting that.
I think I actually like this place more than Joe's Shanghai. It seems like the food is more authentic, just because of the crowd. I've been to Joe's Shanghai twice, the one in Flushing and the one in Chinatown, and I still prefer Nan Shian Dumpling House, because Joe's Shanghai seems very Americanized. Just my opinion. If you come to Nan Shian Dumpling House, you need to definitely get their xia long baos! They are so good, with a lot of soup inside. We got the pork and crab one. The crab one had the crab taste, and it actually had crab pieces in it. Both types are phenomenal. The best way to eat it is to place one bao carefully into the soup spoon. Then bite off a tiny piece of the bao. Sip the soup slowly and savor it. I like to put the soy sauce dip into my bao by using a small spoon. The sauce is vinegary, so some people might not like it. After sipping the soup, I put the whole bao in my mouth and chew! So very delicious. I went with a friend and all we ordered were the pork and crab baos, this pork noodle soup, and this fried dough that many people eat with congee, a type of rice porridge. I prefer this place over Joe's because Joe's soup seems very viscous. It's a bit thick for me, and everything was greasy, especially their noodles.
Excellent dumplings! They taste different from joe shanghai 's . Theirs are less oily, and more flavored.
I hope this is the right one..But alls I gots to say is that we got the crab soup dumplings and it was delish. I know soup dumplings can get kind of oily and give you that sticky feeling on your lips..but still, it was the right amount of grease.I think it was about $5 for 7 dumplings?Totally an authentic, mando speaking restaurant, so you're getting real results in your food.
They serve the best XLB aka soup dumplings aka your favorite dumpling's favorite dumpling. #1 in the 5 boroughs for a long time
Excellent xiao long bao, but all the other dishes I had were equally great. Lots of small plates to choose from. Tried their fried pork buns (kind of like shanghai version of cha siu bao), their salty soy milk (not that salty which was good for me), the cold jelly fish and cold spicy beef tripe appetizers. We also had a fried noodle dish with seafood. Some of their other cold appetizers were not available today. Came on a Saturday morning at 11am and managed to get a table with minimal wait, but by the time we left, there was a small line. Waiters speak Mandarin, and are a little hurried - they forgot 1 of our dishes on the original order, but we told them to leave it off the bill. Not many tables here, so would not come here with a big party. I would come again though because food was great.
Thanks, fellow Yelpers!  We never would have gone into this place.  We're European Americans who like Chinese food, but don't know it well.  This place didn't look any different from any other restaurant in Flushing.  But based on your recommendations, we went in.  We are so happy we did!  The place was clean and the service was friendly.  We had the noodles with scallion sauce, rice cakes with shredded pork and steamed pork buns.  So good!  We were stuffed - for $22, including tip.  We ate at way more expensive places on our weekend in New York, and all were good, but Nan Xiang is the one we'll remember.
We are here nearly every weekend during the from Fall through Spring time!  Always ordering the same thing.  2 orders of the soup dumplings, shanghai noodles and scallion pancakes for my daughter -- and maybe additional 2 soup dumplings after we finish the 1st set.The besting thing about this place is that it opens earlier, stroller friendly and now has taken over the restaurant next door!!  So the wait is not as long.Thanks for keeping full and a warm belly!!
Better xiao long bao than Joe's Shanghai!  Very good overall.  Prices are relatively cheap and the seating is nice and simple without feeling too crowded or loud.The wrapper is thin and the soup seasoning is good, but both the meat and soup taste don't have enough of that rich umami taste that require very fresh ingredients.
Best meal all week in NYC after eating some $400 plus meals. The soupy dumplings with their vinegar sauce are in perfect harmony. I just wish they had more varieties of soupy dumpling. Also, we got the rice cakes with shredded chicken. Really tasty, but I think the ratio of cake to chicken was a little out of balance in favor of the cheaper starch. The beef and scallion pancake -  there are no words for how tasty.
Went here the Monday after July 4th so I expected this place to be crowded since most people have this day off. It was a 100 degrees outside and contrary to what someone said, they do have AC but it's just comfortable inside, maybe too hot for some dudes?And.. I was right. Luckily, me and my sister came around 10:45 and as soon as 11:00 rolled around, a long long line started to form. Lucky us. I was craving Xiao Long Bao and I hadn't had any since my trip to Shanghai 2 years ago...and I am happy to report that I was satisfied!!The Xiao Long Bao takes quite a long time to come out so order then ASAP! Pork is best with the vinegar, and the crab/pork combo are best with the ginger soy soy dipping sauce. If you order cold dishes, they come out in a jiffy because they're already made. CAUTION: The main waitress is a mean grouchy lady. I speak some Chinese but I am not fluent so I ended up ordering in English. She was very mean and I had to ask for water twice, which she never delivered. Finally we asked another girl. I noticed with the Chinese speaking patrons, she was a bit more courteous.  Try to avoid her... she's easy to spot ;)Also if you're looking for hot steaming tea, don't count on it. They have the pot ready for you when you sit down, meaning it's a bit lukewarm.
The food is absolutely delicious. And prompt. As for the service, it could be a little better. I apologized for coming close to closing but the waiter was a tad rude constantly rushing us but the other staff members were really friendly. I recommend the beef with chili oil and the crabmeat and pork soup dumplings melt in your mouth.
Had to wait 20mins for my steamed pork buns ($5.50 for 6) but overall, it was worth it ^.^
this is my second time try the soup dumplings, it's still great, but the others dishes just soso.
Nan Shian has finally done something about the long wait to get inside - as of 2/13/10, they've opened up a second dining room in the space once occupied by a less interesting restaurant next door! This is a mixed blessing, though, because they haven't expanded the kitchen or, more importantly, the station where they create those wonderful soup dumplings. Stopping in today for a late lunch, both rooms were full, but there wasn't a line at the door. Upon ordering, my friend and I were told that there was a 45 minute wait for soup dumplings. We couldn't bear the thought of leaving, so got two orders and waited it out with an order of cold, braised tofu with veggies, and a perfectly seasoned bowl of pork & cabbage soup.The dumplings, when they finally arrived, were unfortunately hit or miss. About half of them were flat with little or no broth inside. They were tasty, as always, but the consistency seemed to be an issue with other table's orders as well. We witnessed an argument between two waitresses and four of the women dumpling makers which almost turned physical, over the product that the dumpling girls were serving! It was surreal.All in all, I'll chalk today's visit up to growing pains and will return, but unless they figure it out, my rating will drop significantly in the future.
This place was absolutely delicious! I enjoyed all the food from this place and it's Michelin rated for 2009, 2010, and 2011. I'm looking forward to 2012 as well. We had the soup dumplings and steamed vegetable dumplings which were both very fresh and delicious. Joe Shanghai has good dumplings but this place has awesome everything! I had the Salty Soy Bean Milk and the Sweet Soy Bean Tofu and that was amazing too... I had the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef, which was sooo delicious! I highly recommend this place.
First introduction to XLB and this did not disappoint!  Had the crab and pork soup dumplings which were as amazing as most reviewers say in addition to the shanghai udon noodles which were very tasty.  Great for the price and although the service isn't the best the food makes up for it.
The best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) I think I've ever had: piping hot, the skin is thin but spongy and the soup just pours out into your spoon to mix with the vinegar and ginger. I ate the whole order by myself and, based on my neighbors' plates, am very eager to return and try more dishes.
Soup dumplings for the win! Enough said...took about 30 mins to receive them but they were worth the wait. Luckily the dumplings overcame the horrible service we received here.  I'm all about the service....Michelin rated but horrible service. In the words of arnold! " I'll be back!"
Terrible service and food is not that splendid. We had to wait for 10 mins for a table for two and 20 mins for our soup buns. The server almost started a fight with some customers just because they thought the wait time is too long. I tried the Shanghai wonton soup and the wonton is undercooked.
Nanxiang Xiaolongbao probably has THE BEST XLB in New York. I honestly think Joe's Shanghai is a bit overrated. This place simply does not get enough credit. I'm not saying Joe's Shanghai is bad, but I feel like Nanxiang is maybe on the same level as Joes. We went for brunch on a Sunday, and we ordered some lunch items and 2 steamers of XLB. What I like about Nanxiang's XLB is that it's not as fatty as Joes, but that's just my own personal preference. The XLB was extremely juicy and full of soup. Now onto the other dishes. We didn't order much, because we were half full when we were invited to eat here. But we did order was super good. The jellyfish and the beef tripe we ordered were both perfect, so no complaints there. Service was ok for Chinatown. And this restaurant is also cash only.
The soup dumplings here were sooooooo goood. We had both the pork and the pork with crab , but found we preferred the pork on it's own. We'd never had rice cakes before and a nice couple next to us recommended them, they were delicious but not what we expected. As an American when I hear rice cakes, I think of Quakers crunchy rice cakes, but these looked like water chestnuts and were gelatinous in a good way. The brown sauce was so tasty. We also saw some fried U-don noodles that looked to die for. We highly recommend this place, but be prepared for family style seating and a line, worth the wait. The flavors were an explosion of savory comfort, well worth the trip to Flushing
They have the best soup dumplings here. Both the pork and crab meat are good. The pan fried noodle with beef is pretty good. It's extremely busy on weekends so try going on weekdays when it's less crowded and no wait.
So good, oh so good!  This place rocks my socks.  The portions are large, so large that 4 people can share 2 entrees and be satisfied.  The dumplings were AMAZING.  Our party was silent while eating for about 15 minutes straight...now that is saying something!
The Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns (xiao long bao) were decent. But please do not get the Scallion Pancake. One, there were no scallions. Two, they were deep fried. Should be renamed Deep Fried Dough. Also, do not get the Pork and Vegetable Wontons in Spicy Sauce. It's not done at all in the Szechuan style. It is basically hard dumplings in peanut sauce with a hint of spiciness. I would come back for the Xiao Long Bao only and try the Pork Fried Pork Buns and the Fried Rice Cake.
Just like everyone else has already stated: BEST XIA LONG BAO in NY...perhaps the world. Upon arrival, we immediately ordered the soup dumplings and ignored everything else. The dumplings were made fresh by a lady near the register and came out steaming hot. The soup inside the dumplings was so delicious that we ended up licking it off our plates (YEAH THAT GOOD). For 5.50 a serving it was fairly priced considering they are the best I've ever had. Oh yeah be careful of how hot they can be and make sure not to spill any soup!!
We got some other stuff aside from soup dumplings... It was ok... (the other dishes) But we def. Devoured the soup dumplings. I like how the soup in the dumplings are not super thick, and the meat was a good amount and tasty. Had spicy wontons.... it was ok. The soy milk came in a large bowl.... not expecting it,,, but it was so great! Lol we drank it from a spoon. nomnomnomn slurpslurp!
This is my first Yelp review ever! I never felt the need to write something until I had the scallion pancake wrapped beef this weekend! It was phenomenal! The scallion pancake was nice and crisp on the outside and chewy in the middle. The perfect consistency! It was as if they added some mochi to it! We also ordered the crab soup dumplings, shanghai stir fried noodles, spicy beef and tripe dish, salty radish bun thingy, and the red bean flavored ones. Everything was pretty good. The wait time was a fraction of the wait time compared to Joe Shanghai's in Chinatown. I feel like I will definitely need to go out of my way to make a trip to Flushing every time I'm in NYC!
great place for dim sum! especially for soup dumplings!
It's not Joe's!It's not bad but it ain't Joe's. And that's Joe's in Flushing. Not Joe's in Ctown and definitely not Joe's in Midtown.Food taste healthier = bland. Jellyfish app was a joke. They need to rename that shit to Radish with Jellyfish. Not acceptable. Took them 20 minutes to make some fried pork buns while the head chef taught two others how to wrap them. Not acceptable. The scallion pancakes were much too thick and chewy. Not acceptable. Only 6 soup dumplings per basket for same price as Joe's. Not acceptable.
Nice...3 times in a week is sure going to get my attention for a review.  Brag by other that this is the best dumpling, we came here while some visitors wanted to eat in Flushing. With our normal food craw, this is our first stop, and honestly; the dumpling has thin skin but it was ok for me..It wasn't the xiao long bao that got my attention but the crispy donut with sweet soybean milk... I was starving crazy at the table that was eating and don't know why I did not order my own, but reminisces on my childhood memory.. lol... We then left to another location, then my reality came back and I requested to go back few hour later to have that for dessert. lol... I know, silly me; but I finally ate it and I was very very happy.. Although very full from the day of food craw... I came back here another time later the week just to eat it again, but this time w/ the salty soymilk, and so so NOT recommend.. ewllllllllll.... Stay with the sweet soy and crispy donut.. I really enjoy it!
This is one of the best restaurants ever, and so affordable. My husband and I get the cucumber garlic salad, the scallion pancake (SO GOOD), and two orders of soup dumplings (they call them "pork buns" on the menu, if you're reading in english).  I also got the spicy beef noodle soup once, which was incredible. Worth a trip to Flushing, but get there on the early side to avoid lines.
Review is only for the pancake with sliced beef which is excellent.  I really enjoyed the fried crispy ness of the pancake along with the sauce bean paste sauce smothered on tasty sliced beef.  Tip, you gotta eat it quick!
Don't go there when it's the lunch or dinner time because you must be in line. Food is okay but reminds me of thinking of my homeland..
Do not, I repeat, do not, order from this place over the phone.I was in the neighborhood (a likely story) craving the soup dumplings. I called and the line was choppy (first bad omen), then the Chinese/English shouting match ensued. I managed to get the words "Shanghai Steamed Pork Bun" and "Scallion Pancake" out. Ten minutes.Ten minutes later im there, and its another 10. Then I see the receipt. Shanghai Pan Fried Udon and Scallion Pancake. Im thinking two things, didn't I say Pork Bun, and isn't Udon Japanese?Great place, but they need to improve their phone connection and communication.
This place is just as good, if not better than Joe Shanghai, which is one of the best xiao long bao places in the United States.  The soup dumplings here were very solid-- a great texture to the skin, and a very flavorful soup that was complemented by the typical vinegar and ginger blend.  I think  6 xiao long baos came with each order, which was only about $5.50 per order.  Also got the noodles, the scallion pancakes with beef, and the rice cakes.  All were great.  Dinner for a party of 6 was about $15 per person with a bottle of beer per person.  Good times.Only negative is that the place is tiny, so you will likely have to wait for a seat.  Going as a pair is the best way to get a seat, but we had 6 people and they were able to accommodate us.  I think anything over 6 people might be more difficult, and probably not recommended.
We seriously don't think this is the best place to represent the steamed pork soup dumplings. We went there out of curiosity. The dumplings were not flavorful and the meat was processed roughly. We also ordered the stir fry shredded pork rice cake. The result was the same- tons of rice cake but barely any meat or veggies in the dish and it was really greasy. The couple next to us ordered the shredded pork noodle soup and he was complaining he can't find any pork in his noodle soup besides the broth. If this restaurant is in Taiwan today, I bet you no one give them such high rating.
I visited this place on a culinary expedition with a friend of mine who recently moved back to NYC after 3 years living in Beijing.  Our quest:  To find the perfect dumpling.  We did succeed, but not at this particular establishment. Their soup dumplings were very good, maybe even worth returning for.  However, the pan fried pork dumplings were not.  The meat really wasn't very good.  It reminded me of hot dogs--too much salt, not enough flavor.  Also, the garlic cucumber was not as crisp as it should have been.
Crab and Pork Buns, Seaweed with Garlic and Crispy noodles with shredded Pork all rocked. Busy joint, simple with no frills, just good good food.
Yummy xiao long baos. The skin/wrap were nice and thin. The soup was good. It's hard to find xiao long bao with thin skin and good soup. We also ordered scallion pancakes but it wasn't good. Pancakes were not crispy and not much of a taste. Pancakes were lacking of scallions.I can't wait to go back. The only problem is that Flushing is a little too far for me.
I swear I'm no food snob but if you want the best dumplings COME HERE.Delicious scallion pancakes and crispy noodles. Every chicken dish here is amazing. Every soup dish here is amazing.I just hate the wait for a table on the weekends so I recommend getting here a little early, before they get too crowded.
My favorite breakfast place in NYC. Xiaolongbao is awesome, you can see the juice in the baozi. Their youtiao is also very good.
The food is ok, just ok.. But the service is really bad! Don't know why it's cash only and They don't have a sign in the entrance! And the dumpling dough is not even close to what it should be. Again, service is no good! the waiters are just  friggin RUDE!
I had a prescription for a zpak and the place was empty when I tried to fill it. The girl said it would be 15 minutes. I broused around the place and after 25 minutes was told that there was an insurance problem. The pharmacist told me only I could settle it by contacting my benefits coordinator. I emphatically told her that nothing should be wrong and she replied with "If this is what my computer is saying, it must be true. If you don't believe it, go somewhere else". So I took my script and left since I wasn't going to pay out of my pocket. I went to another pharmacy right afterwards with the same prescription. After only 5 minutes waiting, the pharmacist said "you're ll ready sir. There was an insurance issue but all I had to was call them and it fixed the problem. I realized that if that first pharmacist at skyline just made a small effort, could've delivered the same good service as this other pharmacy. 2 thumbs WAY DOWN for Skyline!
Best Soup Dumplings around and arguably some of the best dumplings I've ever had. Place is a little daunting for the not super adventurous but it's worth it. Parking and the wait aside the place is nicely setup and clean. Soup dumplings and fried dumplings were both exceptional. You can see these fluffy concoctions being made right in front of you. Udon looks great but I didn't try it. Turnip cake and scallion pancake were the surprises of the trip. Definitely roll.
I have starting coming earlier and earlier in the morning to avoid the crowds, unfortunately ppl think the same way. Service has increasingly become more and more abrupt and mechanical. The food has suffered - the dough is no longer translucent but thick becoming hard after cooling. Other dishes are greasy and inconsistent. i think i'll wait until i go to Toronto or HK for ding tai fung.
Man, it sucks to be a Korean-American chick living in Flushing Chinatown sometimes, because everybody assumes I'm a Chinese mute who can't speak or understand Chinese, and eating in at Nan Shian Dumpling House was no exception. I was chastised numerous times for "not listening" by the waitresses (according to my Chinese friend who I ate dinner with tonight) as customers needed to get through the cramped quarters. Despite the inevitable, but no less annoying, ethno-linguistic barrier, I enjoyed the steamed pork soup dumplings. It had great flavor, and the soup part was delicious! I preferred the dumplings without the soy sauce-vinegar-ginger mix, because I found the latter to be rather acidic for my taste, but I think I'll like it more as I eat more soup dumplings. It's only a matter of time. As for the kill (the meaty center), I found it to be of a factory-made texture I associate when my mom cooks dumplings from a package, which isn't totally bad. It was good enough, but not phenomenal. I also got to try my friend's Crispy Noodles with Beef, which was greasy but decent. I'm willing to go here again, and see if it really is worth all the hype and accolade the Dumpling House gets. So far, I'm keeping an open mind and hope to visit this place again soon.
I thought this place was good.  Their dumplings definitely rival that of Joe Shanghai (Flushing!).  I thought their rice cakes were good as well.  Their sour cabbage with pork noodle soup was quite bland though.  I think Shanghai Cafe has definitely got on up in this department.  I also ordered the "hong you chao shou,"  which I'm not sure of what the English name would be.  It's basically wonton in a sesame spicy sauce rather than in soup.  I thought the sauce was severely lacking.  The wonton was a bit bland as well.  If you come here, just stick to the soup dumplings with pork and crabmeat and the stir-fry rice cakes.
The best soup dumplings I've ever had. Very nice people working here too and lots of families enjoying dinner.
I found this place on Yelp from all the raving reviews. We are staying in manhattan, visiting from LA. We have eaten at Joe's several times and this place is not any better than Joe's Shanghai NYC. At both places we  shared a table with other patrons. At least at at Joes the tables were round and there was plenty of room at the table for the food. The rectangular table top for 2 was tiny here so the restaurant used petite size steamer baskets. This was the crucial mistake for Xiao Long Baos because the dumplings were stuck together as a result of expansion after steaming. There was no ample space between dumplings in the basket. At Joes the baskets were larger and even larger yet at the Arcadia Din Tai Fung.  Picking up the dumplings without breakage was difficult. Juiceless dumplings were a disappointment. Din Tai Fung has the juiciest dumplings with the thinnest skin.From a technical merit this place is behind Joe's. Why even gamble when the odds are bad on the leaky dumplings. The taste of the dumplings were similar to Joe's. The price is cheaper here but not worth the 1-1/2 hr round trip from NYC to Flushing.Beef noodle soup here was worse than Joes and Joes was pretty bad too. You New Yorkers need to add some spices, cloves and the 5 spice for some flavor! Both places the noodle were over cooked  and soggy. Both Broths lack cloves and the five spice flavor. Dings at Rowland Heights CA has the best beef noodle soup. Din Tai Fung also has better than average beef noodle soup but the price is steep. Stirred fried Shanghai style udon here was too dry and lacked the old soy sauce flavor the cabbage a little carrot and again flavor!. It was definitely better at Joe's. Ding's Noodles in Rowland Heights, CA has the best Shanghai udon.The beef pancake was by far the best here than any other places I have eaten. I highly recommend this over other dishes. Xiao Long Baos was good but I doubt you would have 100% success without any breakage.If you are traveling in NYC then it is not worth your time. Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown is definitely better even if the bill is 10% more expensive.
Definitely one of the better xiaolongbaos I've had in New York. The crab and pork xiaolongbao was more flavorful than the standard pork dumpling. Lots of juice so be careful when eating!The shengjianbaos were awful which is why they didn't get 5 stars. The meat was bland and dry with no soup at all in the dumpling. The dough was also really thick which seems to be a trend for shengjianbaos in NY....stick with the xiaolongbaos!
Arrived at the crack of dawn after dropping my sister off for a flight. I was the first one in the restaurant for XLB and was thrilled. Finally, a place that steams the wrappers properly. The dough didn't stick to my lips unlike every other soup dumpling I've had on this coast, and I was in heaven. The pan fried dumplings and shui mai were also super delicious. Can't wait to go back.
I've came to this restaurant quite a few time already and I've immensely enjoy their soup dumplings every time. Today was one of those days where had a craving for some dumpling and figured this would be the perfect place to satisfy me. Also, my friend Cynthia A. still haven't tried their soup dumpling but has been in that restaurant for noodle soups which took me by surprised. I thought the fact that behind a glass panel you'll noticed that its main attraction would be the dumpling seeing there are a few women there making the dumplings completely visible as well as those bamboo steamers. I think the waiting staff have been more accommodating for westerners as their English seems to improved compared to how it was a few years ago (or at least i think so). Note: i can scarf down 2 orders of crabs soup dumplings and then a noodle soup for just lunch. My favorite noodle soup would be the beef. Also, I love the breakfast style food they have like the soy milk (hot/cold) with the pancakes with beef and eggs. I'm getting hungry as i speak of their menu.. i should stop right about.......now.
B. and I made our second trip to Flushing tonight for a date of soup dumplings since our last trip was ill-fated (as previously reviewed).  Nan Shian Dumpling House is all about the dumplings.  The menu is fairly limited beyond the apps and noodle soups.  We ordered the rice cakes with shredded pork (fabulous) and the crispy noodles with beef (beef chow mein, in other words).  The pork and rice cakes were fabulous.We also ordered two orders of the pork/crab soup dumplings which took a surprisingly long time to come out, but maybe that's because everyone else was ordering them too.  I have read numerous reviews that claim these are the best soup dumplings in the city.  I read an article in the NYT that said that these were the best soup dumplings *outside of China*.  Suffice it to say expectations were high.They were good.  But truthfully, I said in a whisper at our table, I think Grand Szechuan's are better.  These are more crabby, and therefore less greasy - and that's a plus.  But the dough was also doughier than I expected.  They were good, quite good, just not as great as I'd hoped.The pork and rice cakes, on the other hand, was tremendous.
Most underrated soup dumplings in the city. Big, juicy and cheap as hell, what more could you ask for? Take the road less travelled, skip Joe's Shanghai and come here instead.
* (( Rating scale from lower score: A, to higher score: AAAAA ))Foods taste: AAAMust eat: Crab Dumpling (it has soup inside the dumpling).Interior design: AAClearing: AAService: AAPrice: $(Tasted on Sep. 25 2011)
OMG, intense mouth and nose orgasms the whole meal.  Great spicey appetizers (we had the pig's ear and won ton in red sauce), literally PERFECT xiao-long baos that is as beautiful as they are tasty, and a whole inventory of amazing staples such as scallion cakes, dumplings and beef noodle soup.  Literally the best Chinese food I've head in ages.  I left feeling spiritually fulfilled, not a easy feat (since I have been told to have a hollow soul).
The dumplings are good and all but our waitress wouldn't come over to take our order for about fifteen minutes. She did once come by our table but as soon as we started ordering she turned right back around and left. When we finally flagged her down to order the soup dumplings, she got a little upset and lectured us because we hadn't ordered quickly enough. We would have if she had come to take our order. We also specifically ordered one ice water, didn't get it, reminded the waitress and got lukewarm water with no ice. Which is not a big deal except everyone around us had glasses of water with ice in them. It felt weird.I understand it's a busy place and I don't fault the staff for getting crabby by the end of a long Sunday on their feet. But it did feel like she was blowing us off a little bit more than is acceptable.If you are going during the weekend, expect a wait on line. It's a small place with a large following so it's understandable, and there seems to be pretty quick turnover of the tables.Oh yes but the soup dumplings were excellent.
4.5 stars.The first thing you're greeted by as you approach this restaurant is a line out the door and a completely packed restaurant. On the windows, you can see its many accolades: Zagat rated, Michelin guide recommended, praised by NYT, etc.Original Pork Xiaolongbao: You get 6 for $6, so a bit pricer than other places, but you're paying for quality. You can see the cooks fold, pinch, and steam your xiaolongbao right after you order. About 10-15 minutes later, nom nom. The xiaolongbao is served steaming hot with a bed of nappa cabbage underneath and a dish of Chinkiang vinegar (black vinegar) mixed with soy sauce and shredded pickled fresh ginger. The dumpling skin is very thin, so it takes some chopstick skills to pick up your xiaolongbao without poking a hole in the skin and having all the soup pour out. I like to just plop the whole thing in my mouth, have the delicious flavorful broth pour out, and enjoy the gingery pork intermingle with all of the other flavors. I also drink some of the soy vinegar ginger dipping sauce straight while I'm eating the xiaolongbao to add some acidity. Eating good xiaolongbao like this is a transcendent experience. Damn, I'm salivating just thinking about it. Decor is nothing special and neither is service, but this restaurant clearly didn't achieve its cult status by being pretty or nice. It serves up phenomenal xiaolongbao that satisfies even the native Chinese population in Flushing. Highly recommend, especially for 1st-time xiaolongbao eaters.
I like Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan, but Yelpers did not seem to think the Flushing location was as good and rated Nan Shian higher for their soup dumpling, so I went.The experience was disappointing.  Of course I was not expecting great service, but they were just completely unattentive.  I waited in line for 20 minutes, only to be skipped over when some guy walks in, speaks Chinese to the waitress and is seated right away.  What - come on!!!Then I order the soup dumplings and again I'm ignored for at least 30 minutes.  I ask the waiter to check on my order and he says it's coming up.  I see that the waitress again skips me, and serve dumplings to at least 3 tables who were seated after me; I'm furious.  The waiter finally sees that I'm getting impatient and he says my dumplings will be up in one minute.  It comes, but I can't even enjoy it anymore.I love hole in the wall places, and don't expect much in terms of wait service, but Nan Shian was just ridiculous.The soup dumpling tasted fine, but not the best I've had.
I finally found a xiao long bao comparable to Shanghai Cafe Deluxe (Mott st., Chinatown.) While Nan Xiang and Shanghai cafe are very similar, I noticed that Nan Xiang's had more and tastier liquid inside. The crab dumplings were way less 'crabby' than Shanghai Cafe and I'm not sure thats a good thing, still, they were tasty and satisfying. I like the skin better at Shanghai Cafe and because I live closer to Chinatown I eat there more often, but whenever I'm in Flushing I make sure to stop here! Either way both places are way better than Joe's Shanghai!!!
My wife and I stopped by finally to see what the big deal was.  Don't believe the hype about their xiao long bao.First, I *love* xiao long bao.  I've been to Toronto, Shanghai, and of course NYC.  I can speak with some reasonable authority of what makes a good xiao long bao.  I roll my eyes when I see a newbie mangle the poor little dumpling.  I cringe when I see chopsticks being wielded like they're two-pronged forks or wooden mini-fork lifts.  Like the Yin and the Yang, xiao long bao requires both finesse and boldness, perfectly balanced, in the way they are made and the way they should be eaten.The dumpling skin must be delicate, not too thick, not too thin.  Nan Shian's is very delicate, almost perfect.  I give them high marks.  There is plenty of soup inside and they get good marks for that, as well.  In technical execution, they are near-perfect.Where do they fall short?  The flavor.  Oh, how disappointing.  The soup is rather bland.  That is the xiao long bao's big payoff.  The skin should burst into a rich explosion of flavor the moment it is gently punctured by my teeth.  Instead, it was only so-so. What was left then was the meat filling, which was a tad small and lacked much taste at all, even the crab filling, which is the better of the two choices offered.Even then, I'd give the xiao long bao 4-stars because what they do is extremely difficult to execute.  But they they lost a star because of poor service, long waits, and frankly, a better alternative only a few blocks away.  Yes, Joe's Shanghai is nearby, and comparison is inevitable.  While their xiao long bao has its critics, too, I find them superior in flavor and a better value (for about the same price, you get 8, not 6).  Wait can be bad at both places, but at Joe's, once seated, those juicy gems arrive quickly.  Not at Nan Shian.  You may have to wait 20-45 minutes for a table, and then wait as much again for the dumplings to arrive.We'll not likely go back there until the hype is over, and then only to see if anything has changed.  Until then, I'll see you at Joe's.
although i really like the little cold dishes that they have especially the seaweed, i thought their pork buns where ok. I think that joes shanghi's carb pork buns are more flavorful. But this place definitely had great seafood crispy noodles and the cold dishes were great and home made. this is a small place, good for a small group but i think it might be a little crowded for a group of 6 or more. Be sure not to be too hungry if you are going on a weekend the weight might be 20 minutes for a party of 2.
The dumplings and noodles are top notch and dirt cheap. That's what I come here for, and that's pretty much all there is on the menu. Can't come too often, though, because it gets boring fast.
The pan fried version of the soup dumplings are good however the regular soup dumplings here are also good but I am a Joe's Shanghai fan. A lot more variety also at Joe's.
It's so crowded, noone goes there anymore...  It's cramped, you will share tables and they try to turnover fast.  Go there off peak hours, brunch on a weekday, maybe?   They have breakfast foods.  Good xiaolongbao (hot soup buns or soup dumplings), one of the better ones around. Decent cold bar, including good  (kaofu) or baked/braised wheat gluten.  Stir fried rice cakes (niangao) were meh,  not bad, but not great.  Kind of confused with the signs, since it says northern Chinese but they serve lots of Shanghai dishes.
I used to only get soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) from No. 1 East [yelp.com/biz/no-1-east-f… but I think I will come here from now on! These are great: perfectly juicy and flavorful. I also ordered a delicious bowl of seafood noodles...and i have to say, it was the best seafood noodle soup I've had in Flushing: flaky chunks of fish, tender squid, scallops and fresh noodles. Loved it here and will be back! PS,  I braced myself for a long wait (even brought a book with me to pass the time!), but it wasn't bad at all!
I've been here many times and it was always good. I'm usually the only non-Asian and go with my wife [Chinese] and she does the ordering. Dumplings are IMO as good or better than Joe Shanghai's and are priced cheaper.
Holy economical dinner, Batman. That might be the best dollar for dollar dinner I have had in New York. Four of us are stuffed and the total was $31.50! Dumplings were fantastic, make sure you get them. And the cucumbers appetizer were vinegary delicious. I will definitely come again.
I came here twice so far (in the same month). I'm always trying out new places, so if I go somewhere more than once around the same time frame, that's usually a big deal for me.Let me start by saying: I am obsessed, OBSESSED (!!!) with xiao long baos. When I read about how superior Nan Xiang Dumpling House's xlbs were to the other restaurants, I definitely had to make a trip there. I ordered the cold sweet soybean milk (this brought back childhood memories where I used to drink bottles of these), scallion pancakes with beef, xlbs, and fried pork buns. The scallion pancakes with beef were savory. It tasted like peking duck in a deep fried dough. Let's just say that I ate 2/3rds of this... Then came the xlbs. Oh my goodness, this is the best xlb I've ever had! The skin was thin and it was filled with so much broth (the best part). My boyfriend was a novice at eating it, so he shoved the whole thing in his mouth. He wasn't happy when the broth burned his mouth and throat though; so be careful. That thing is steaming hot. What I do is: I nibble on the side of it and sip on the broth (but don't forget to add the vinegary-soy sauce concoction that they give you). Then I devour the whole thing.The pork buns were okay - not as good as the xlbs.If you can't tell, I will definitely be making my third trip here soon.
The dumplings (xiao long bao) were good, particularly the ones with crab and pork. The other menu items were actually better, the red bean puffs were really quite nice, and the onion pancake was better than average. Overall, the food was quite good, but the service was really quite slow. We were finished with a whole pot of tea (two people) before we even got the appetizers. If the food was as prompt as the flavors were good, i would be here often. Instead, I was just watching other people enjoy their food while I sat hungry along side them in a crowded room.Food presentation is decidedly simple, but the food they serve is not meant to be extremely colorful and the decor is no worse than other excellent chinese fare. There was a big sign in the door about allergies posted  in the restaurant, possibly about the peanuts in the food. It was posted only in Spanish for the clientele who were conspicuously absent.
Went here last week, wasn't impressed. Quality has definitely declined. Oh well, on to the next one.
Came here with my best friend to try the soup dumplings because we're both obessed! I liked that it was clean (which is rare in Flushing) and that the space was big so we didn't have to wait for a table. However, I feel that the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai are tastier and a better deal. They give you more for about the same price. The ones here are a little bland... and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to come out. Service was also not that great- towards the end of our meal we felt like we were being rushed out because more and more people had arrived.
Delicious xiao long baos--the best part of the experience is that they make your dumplings to order--meaning they don't start rolling the meat into the dough until you order. Nothing is pre-made or pre-frozen. It was full of soup, the dough was decently thin and the meat was tasty.We also tried the green onion pancake with beef (pretty good) and the shanghai noodle with pork (pretty good, but a little heavy on the vinegar side. The other food was pretty good, but the dumplings were definitely the major act. I would get some other food other than dumplings though to add some variety into the meal.We waited almost 45 minutes, but it was totally worth it. Just make sure you go inside and take a number from the hostess and stand where you can hear them call your number. If you wait outside, they might call your number and you'll miss it.
Nan Shian is easy to miss. Located on Prince Street, it looks almost identical to the other Cantonese, Malaysian, and Taiwanese restaurants on the block. Making it even more elusive is the fact that is has no English sign. Yet, even if you can't read Chinese, this is a restaurant you do not want to pass by. Its fairly easy to identify Nan Shian, not only by sight but also by smell. Simply walk in and take a glance at the tables. On nearly every table you'll find a bamboo steamer filled with six plump, seemingly over-inflated dumplings and the smell of vinegar in the air. These juicy little treasures, filled with pork or crab meat and savory, fatty, fatty soup, are the reason why people flock to Nan Shian.Come with a big appetite and you can't go wrong. Though there is often a wait for a seat in this tiny restaurant, the line moves quickly so you shouldn't have to wait long. Beware the warm, humid days when the door is left open: because of a wind tunnel and poor ventilation, the "sweet" stench of stinky tofu floats in from the next door restaurant which, for me, is rather unpleasant. The good news is that the smell is completely absent inside Nan Shian... just step a little closer to the dining area and you should be ok!Order your dumplings as soon as you sit down as each steamer will take almost twenty minutes to prepare. Fear not, however, if you are especially hungry. While you may have to play the waiting game for the dumplings, the other dishes come out in literally minutes. Because I am a creature of habit, I always order the panfried noodles or ricecakes, my 2nd favorite dish at any Shanghainese joint that never, ever fails me. You won't have too much of a problem ordering because the menu is pretty short, with less than forty choices of noodle soups, stirfried noodles, appetizers, and ricecakes. Smile and order freely since everything is cheap-- nearly everything, including noodle dishes, is below $7 or $8!When your dumplings finally come, don't let them cool off too much. Be careful not to burn yourself from the steam or the hot soup-- there's a lot in these oversized suckers! Make sure to add a tiny spoonful of the soysauce vinegar once you bite off the top-- the contrast in flavors will improve the taste immensely!(Edit - 08/2010- I'm a little lazy to update my review, but since they expanded, I have to admit the quality of food has suffered. Food is no longer transcendent- in fact, its sometimes kind of offensive. The egg/scallion pancake was bland, the dumpling skins were not as delicate, and the stirfried noodles were charred and tasted like the wok hadn't been cleaned in years. The pacing of the food was awkward and service was slow. At least... its still cheap.
I tried Nan Shian on a recommendation from a colleague, and he, like many Yelpers, compared the soup dumplings at Nan Shian to those at Joe's Shanghai and said "there's no comparison." Were they better at Nan Shian? Yes, but I think it's a bit of a mischaracterization to call what they serve at Pell St. Joe's "garbage." Nan Shian's xiao long bao were certainly a little more delicate, the soup a little tastier, the meat more succulent. I would return to Nan Shian and get them again, and I don't live anywhere near Flushing.The seafood noodle soup had some of the most tender squid and scallops I've ever tasted, so that was a pretty memorable dish. I thought the noodles were great too.The scallion pancake with shredded beef was good. The shredded pork with rice cakes was good.
Normally when I visit NYC, I try to stay at a hotel in Manhattan but this time around I decided not to break the bank and live in Flushing instead. First of all, downtown Flushing is overcrowded with dim sum and dumpling restaurants so it is easy to eat at one that represents - FAIL. But not Nan Shian Dumpling house! I'm going to be honest here - the servers are not the friendliest people you've ever met, the restaurant itself is tiny and the wait can be painful. BUT, all that frustration melts away when you take your first bite, or should I say take the sip off of your Xiao Long Bao. Clearly they have to be #*(&@#*( amazing for every Yelp review to have mentioned them. Seriously, I've been to China, I've eaten on  the streets of Taiwan.. this really is what xiao long bao is all about. The meat is juicy with flavor NOT oil. Once you are done orgasming over that little delicacy, some other delicious things to eat would include - cool cucumbers from the appetizers, wontons in a VERY spicy sauce and the fried dough. So ok, I accept, fried dough never tastes bad. But when its not dripping in oil and comes out fresh and warm (not reheated, EW) - it deserves a shout out.On a side note: because its such a small place, you are more than likely to be seated at a shared table. We were seated in the middle of a table for 6, and while our food kept us more than happy, I can easily say I could've done without the cross table conversation people were having over my head.
This place was always crowded, but they expanded the floor. It becomes as double as it was. Soup dumpling is always juicy and good. Don't burn your tongue. They steam your dumpling right after your order. When they are crowded, you may have to wait a little longer.Of course, that's worth it. I also like vegetable noodle soup. Even though they constructed their floor, they do not change the price of food. That is what many people appreciate.
Service comes with attitude but you come here for the soup dumplings because it's too expensive at Joe's Shanghai. A weird dish they serve is the beef noodle soup which instead of chunks of beef meat, it comes with shredded beef.
I don't wish to waste any more time on this place, since i can't get the hour and a half back that I spent waiting for greasy noodles and bland soup dumplings...don't believe the hype!
One of my all time favorite spots in flushing. Do yourself a favor and get the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake with beef and either the pan fried udon or the crispy noodles. It *will* be the best decision you make all month.
wow!!::update NECESSARY!::so i have left the good ole' US of A for a little bit (coming on 2 years now) and when i came home for a short vaca, i knew i needed to eat at Nan Xiang again (duh)SO MUCH HAS CHANGED!they now have a menu IN ENGLISH! and chinese, but we all knew that one alreadyadditionally, theyve expanded the restaurant and opened up next door too! woo! that means more seating and more dumplings for ALLjoy and happiness swept me over to know I didnt have to wait outside in the wet/black slush while staring enviously at diners all whilst waiting for my name on the queue to come up!those days are over!expansion = good!final note on the changes, that means TWO bathrooms! additionally, the restaurant had lots of servers, so you'll never go around waving your hand trying to desperately get someone's attention to order or help again! woot!and then again, so little has changed. their dumplings are divine.as i stated earlier, i have been abroad, more specifically, living in Taiwan. Taiwan, the home of the ONLY soupy Xiao Long Bao dumpling restaurant to have received a Michelin fancy pants star: Din Tai Fong. and i say, Nan Xian's soupy dumplings are of equal or EVEN better quality. yum-scrum-dili-umptiousand please dont forget to give the soy (both salty and sweet) a try!
Truly terrible service today.  We were a party of 2.  The wait wasn't bad.  We were seated in 5 minutes, but their waitstaff is rude and inattentive.  Took forever to take our order and no one came to refill our teacups.  Their food isn't as good as it used to be either.  The soup dumplings took half an hour to arrive and they weren't even hot.  Inexcusable.  They don't seem to have a handle on the restaurant since their expansion.
WOW this is the real stuff, as good as taiwan!!!  Probably the first place I've been to in Flushing that I would be willing to trek the hour from Manhttan to go back to.
The wait can get quite long.  ITs a hit or miss. I have waited 10 mins one day and 30 another.   Crab steam dumpling are pretty good.  A variety of noodles - fried or soup.  Some of the items are salty but overall good.  The scallion pancakes with and without beed are a kid's favorite.  Soy bean drink hot or cool!
best soup dumplings I ever had!! super affordable too.. But there is a wait most of the time, even 3-4pm on a regular weekday. Worth the wait tho ^^
Absolutely one of the best soup dumplings in NYC. Been there the 3rd time & love the pork and crab dumplings. Eating there makes your taste buds feel so happy. Great appetizers and noodles filled the stomach well,
I'm a noobie when it comes to soup dumplings but they were outstanding. First of all I like soup and I like dumplings it's like lamb and tuna fish!
The "xiao long bao" was pretty good.  The beef rice cake was so so, I've had better.  The other small dishes we had were decent.  Just go for the "xiao long bao".  The tab was very decent, about 14 per person, and we ended up extremely full.  Only thing was that they didn't really seat us, we just choose our own table.  This could good or bad depending on how you look at it.
The soup dumplings were really great. I also like pan fried dumplings and those were ok - not bad mind you, but nothing to write home about. Am I writing home?The Shanghai noodles were also in the not bad but not fabulous category. We also ordered chicken soup, which sort of remined me of something you might get in a school cafeteria  - more like chicken bulion. The bill was $20 for 2 people and we were pleasantly stuffed.The line was short when we got there but certainly take heed to what the reviewers are saying - by the time we left, at like 6pm on a very wet and rainy Sunday, the diehards were lining up out in the street umbrellas up.
Went there to introduce dumplings to my non-Asian friend. Service was HORRENDOUS. When I was ordering, the waitress yelled at me to speak louder like I was a 4 year old kid who did something mischievous. Obviously, if I'm repeating my order that means I couldn't hear that the order has been taken. Other workers were rude to the extent that I couldn't enjoy my food.Also, the dumplings aren't that great. It's good but don't order the crab ones; everytime I had those there were crab shells in it.A good restaurant should provide a good environment which includes services; a place to enjoy food outside the house. Might as well just stick to delivery rather than sucking up to the rudeness.
Best XLS for sure. I like them better than Joe's, absolutely. the rest of the food here is generally decent.The various noodle soups are fine, the shanghai rice cakes are a bit greesy, but tasty.I do like the scallion pancake, and my wife likes the "fried bun with chies and egg" and gets it every time we go. Last time we were there, we had this tofu appetizer that I thought was fantastic. it came out of the cold/steam table just to the right of the entrance. I don't know what it's called but I'm going back for it.
Xiao long bao at Nan Shian can kick more ass than the ones at Joe Shanghai. No question.Pros: The food. Soup dumplings are filled with a good amount of soup, and the dumpling skin is thin. Indescribable. Well worth the wait, because there WILL likely be a wait (up to 20 minutes for getting seated, and up to 15 minutes for getting your soup dumpling order[s], since everyone is ordering it). Cons: The setting. There was no air conditioning in the summer; I remember when it was really hot, we were wearing shorts and LITERALLY sweating puddles into the seats. I hope things have changed, because I still want to go back there even when the weather's sizzling. The dumplings are perfect for cold days, but so good that I would go even if the weather's sizzling; I'll just remember to wear some absorbent pants.
The Xiao Long Bao is definitely the best in the NY, or Could be the Best in the Whole U.S.  Am I exaggerated? Arrrr, probably not. Go try it yourself!   The other stuffs are only soso perhaps nothing special which you can eat it in any Shanghainese restaurants.  Hey, why order for something that isn't popular for the place?  The Service is -_-   Just like most other Chinese Restaurants....
Amazing soup dumplings.  We had the pork and the crab...both were delicious but I preferred the pork.  My only regret is not getting the sliced beef on top of the scallion pancakes after reading about how good everyone said it was.  They sat us w complementary hot tea which was great bc it was cold and rainy outside.  You can actually watch the, make the soul dumplings in the first room in the back by the kitchen....pretty cool.  Why when the waitress said "would u like shredded beef on top of those scallion pancakes"? Would I say "no thanks".  iDIOT!  Oh well....I guess I will have to g o back soon.  I also need to decide if they are better than Joel's.  I have had both now and can not decide.  I'm giving the slight edge to nan Xiang bc they are cheaper and seem a little more fresh.
I'm a huge fan of Ding Tai Fung and I have yet to find a spot in New York that will satisfy my xiao long bao craving.  We got the spicy beef and tripe appetizer, green onion pancake with beef, gluten, xiao long bao, vegetables dumplings, and seafood rice cake.  To be honest, I thought everything was just okay.  The xiao long bao definitely tasted better than Joe's Shanghai as the skin was lighter and it was way juicier inside.  However, I thought the onion pancake with beef wasn't very good as it was very doughy and you barely got any beef inside the pancake.  The spicy beef and tripe was decent but yet again not up to par with the ones I've had in LA.  I don't know if I'd come back here again to be honest but it is relatively cheap for the amount of food you're getting.  And, I think it deserves 3 stars.  Very average.
I've been coming here for years.  It's tradition to come here with my best friends after getting a hair cut from Fancy Wave.  My friends grew up eating Taiwanese food, I did not and when I first started frequenting this restaurant I did not expect it to be much different from the Canto style food I'm used to.  Boy was I wrong.My friends come here for their beef noodle soup and their Taiwanese breakfast.  Although, their beef noodles are tasty, hearty with a good amount of chewiness I'm more of a fan of their noodle soup with a side of fried pork chops.  The fried pork chops with the noodle soup evens out the saltiness of the pork making my taste buds very happy.Onto the breakfast dishes.  When I eat you tiao (fried savory type doughnut/cruller), it's always in my congee/jok or it's fried in rice noodles.  The Taiwanese eat you tiao inside a shao bing (toasted sesame seed flat bread) making a double carb dish.  Then you dunk it into a bowl of steaming hot soy bean milk.  Then there's fan tuan which you can either order sweet or savory.  It's basically rice with some type of filling such as lo sung (pork floss), pickles and, you guessed it, you tiao.  All the ingredients are placed together and then you roll it into a cylinder shape using plastic wrap.  If you want their breakfast dishes, be sure to come in the morning or eally afternoon.So why three stars?Although I've never had a bad experience here, my taste buds is not too fond of dishes that are very sweet like the soy bean milk.  I always walk out of this restaurant thinking what snack I can order from another restaurant to satisfy my taste buds.I don't know why my friends and I have avoided ordering the xiao long bao but from reading the other reviews it will be a must for my next visit.
First time venturing out to Queens for food. Leave Manhattan and head to Queens for an oasis of good Chinese and Korean food. The Shanghai Dumplings are the best I have ever had. We also ordered the spicy beed noodle soup and the scallion pancakes. This place is good and worth the drive out of Manhatten. We went on a week day after lunch time and there was no wait.
Best soup dumpling in nyc also have try the spicy beef tripe and fried dimpling, just don't order the jelly fish because there aren't any in it but whole bunch cucumbers.
A well-deserved 5 stars goes to Nan Shian Dumpling House... and oddly enough, not for their dumplings, although they are excellent.  I loved everything that we ordered--dumplings of course, but the stir fried rice cakes and veggies  (not too MSG-y), more noodles (just the right amount of chewy), scallion pancake (excellent crispy to chewy ratio), soy bean milk (so silky), and you tiu (tasty but a little dense)... everything was so authentic and amazing.  It was exactly what I was craving all week long and when I got it it was glorious!!!The only thing is that Flushing is far for Manhattan-ites, and once you get there, there's a crazy long line.  There's not a really large waiting/standing space.  If people lined both sides of the little walkway that leads into the restaurant, a barely thin person might be able to squeeze through, but there's almost always an uncomfortable brushing of body parts.  Also, be warned.  My friends who came with me were not adequately prepared for all of the fried food we were going to eat.  We ate a lot of it.  But it was amazing. If you're from the Bay Area and miss eating food at Ranch 99 or Marina, this is the place for you, but much better.  Oh, did I mention it's cheap?  Three tables full of food and we each paid $11.
The soup dumplings here are the best I've ever had.  Ten times better than Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings.  They pack an amazing amount of soup without the dumpling skin falling apart.  It's about $6 for a set of 6 dumplings which comes out to a buck each...not bad.There's always a wait to get in.  Once you're in, order a noodle dish cause the dumplings take a while to be served, but soo worth it.
this place sucks big time, do not even show your face there, they will rip you off, very expensive and bad service,that is why I am giving them 2 stars.
A lot of people have been raving about the pork soup dumplings, so my friends and I decided to put them to the test. Overall they were not bad, the pork  could have used more seasoning but the broth was tasty. Getting only 6 was a bummer since I am used 8 at Joe Shanghai in chinatown.Would i go back... nope! Their rice cake albeit tasty, tasted like Chow fun which is not a good thing.  I can see the appeal to the untrained palate but this place especially in Flushing should have been better
I'm starting on Yelp by marking up my favorite places.  Nan Xiang is up there.  I would say one of the best in Chinatown.  Originally popular with locals and Chinese Americans, and now with foodies starting to venture over, Nan Xiang has had always had great food, and a menu broad enough to please the Americans (scallion pancake w or w/o beef, soup dumplings, red bean puff) Chinese-Americans (panfried noodles or soup noodles, soup dumplings, sweet soymilk) or the Chinese (fried cruller w/ shaobing, salty soybean milk or soybean pudding, fuqi feipian, bamboo shoots, soup dumplings).  The food is fresh and made constantly throughout the day, and is crisp and has the right flavors.    Not much ambiance and cash only, with some waiting & no-frills service, Nan xiang is a food destination.  But the food is worth it.
i have heard a lot of good feedback from this restaurant, so few weeks ago i finally got to tried it. we ordered 1 order of the soup dumplings, 1 noodle soup, and scallion pancake, we werent hungry so we just ordered a little. the food were good. the soup dumplings were better than some places. but nothing special for the scallion pancake and the noodle. the noodle kind of tasted bland to me tho, but still acceptable. we went in an hour before they close, so when we were still eating they started mop next to us. i understand that they want to go home fast, but the bleach' smell were really strong. overall, i think its not bad.
Best Xiao Long Bao in the city!  Get the house special (Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao)...  As a born shanghaiese, this is closest to the real Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao.  Love it!  And the price is awesome too!  $3.50 for 6 xiao long bao.  Now that is a deal!
I have since been back, figuring i should at least taste the food once. I ordered 2 crab dumplings, the turnip cake, and the jellyfish appetizer. Everything was unbelievably bad. The turnip cakes, which were little fried turnip dumplings really, were very generic. you could get the same quality at some chinese supermarkets nearby.The jellyfish app is a scam. I know it says jellyfish and turnip salad on the menu, but the ratio of jellyfish to turnip was about 1:3 , meaning 3 quarters of the plate was just turnip. Worse is, it's all mixed together so i can't even just fish out the jellyfish.The dumplings, which came about 45 minutes later. had absolutely no crab taste to it. Now, i've had these at joe's, din tai fung, some local places in shanghai, and whether good or bad, they all had a very crabby flavor. The ones here, you couldn't tell whether it was the standard or the crab. Service is nonexistent here. Right off the bat, we were missing utensils. While taking an order for 3 items, the waitress left one out. Tea service is nonexistent. You can open the lid or tilt it or whatnot, but nobody checks unless you ask. Asking for the check took about 10 minutes, and collecting the money was about another 10. Very disorganized staff.I have a feeling a lot of people come here because it looks like the real thing. Behind glass windows, guys wearing masks are constantly making the dumplings, and they have tons of steamers going at it. Unfortunately, they just don't deliver in taste. When that happens, I usually let them make up a bit in service. Sadly, they don't deliver there either.I'm done with this place. Never going back again.
kinda gotten worst since the beginning. the soup in the xiao long baos aren't as good as they used to be.
Awesome soup dumplings. I've also tried the beef pancake, crispy chow mein noodle, and various other dumplings. A quick tip, I believe the crab soup dumplings are more expensive but to my dismay did not have crab in them (at least i didn't notice it). They seemed to top it with a little crab, but it was still made of pork soup.  Other than that, love this place!
A half dozen juicy little dumplings hit the spot after a long flight from SFO to JFK. Nan Shian was the first stop I made after getting off my 5 hour flight. I love xiao long bao! You bite into each one and it's an explosion of soupy goodness. MMmmmm. If you have a passion for soup dumplings like I do Nan Shian Dumpling is a must try.
The soup dumplings are pretty good (I'm a total snob--I've eaten at the original Ding Tai Fung in Taipei all my life so color me spoiled) but the little "cold" dishes are what makes this place really special.  Just be ready for  lots of noisy Chinese people and at random times, a long ass wait.
In a land of strange characters and new smells, Nan Xiang Dumpling House can be easily overlooked.  I lived in China, I love dumplings, and I love the Nan Xiang Dumpling House... even if the waitress did spill my soy bean drink on my pants (it was an accident, she swears!).   I come to Flushing for work quite frequently, and I am usually in the bind of telling a bunch of Chinese where the best Chinese food in Flushing is.  Doing this as a non-Chinese gives you a very thin margin for error, but when people are hungry for dumplings, this is where I come!  Their technical skill is actually very refined, as you will see the thinness of the dough and how much soup they are able to fit in each dumpling.  There isn't much room to go astray here because as long as you are ordering dumplings, you are going to be OK!  A great addition is the spring onion pancakes, which are some of the best I've EVER had.
The shao lung baos are VERY authentic to what you'll find in Shanghai/Taipei. The pork and crab varieties are the best. They make the skin very very thing compared to other wannabe dumpling places who make thick bun-style skins.I also had the beef noodle soup, which is ok, but not much to rave about. The soup base has a spicy hint. Prices are very reasonable for great food as compared to other dumpling places with sad dumplings that charge an arm and leg.
they are always so busy so you might need to wait for the seating, but that's okay with me. I only go there for Soup dumplings~soup dumplings ONLY....I tried their noodles and lo mien(?)and some side orders before, meh, I don't think I like any of those. I thought I've said that before..but yea soup dumplings only.
I have been back several times to take out. The take out service is fast and they havent screwed up my order yet. The dumplings hold well, which was unexpected. As always, the food is delicious.  I will continue to go here.
i always make a stop here when visiting my mom. this time, we also tried the shanghai rice cakes and the cucumber salad which were super simple dishes but very delicious. the downside about filling up on all the other delicious carb plates is that the soup dumplings come last which by then you are too full to enjoy them which was the case the last time. since i do not like food waste, i stuffed myself with the last dumpling and oh so did not feel so good afterwards.
Yes, the soup dumplings are fantastic. This place is very popular and very crowded, though, so plan accordingly.
The best version of my current favorite chinese food.The soup dumplings here are very excellent although occasionally a bit uneven (thick skin, not enough soup, weirdly fishy  crab ones). And sloooow. The rest of the menu is pretty stock, I've had the pan-fried noodles, raman, fried dumplings, dim sum dumplings with peanut sauce, scallion pancake with beef, fried pork chop soup, and all of it was pretty hit or miss and nothings amazing in the bunch. But the soup dumplings are worth the 4 stars. When they're right the skins are the thinnest, the soup is the savoriest and richest, and the meat is perfect- tender and tasty and not the slightest bit chewy.
Amazing!  Beef and scallion pancakes a must although everything was great! Well worth the wait.
Heads up...this place isn't called "Noodle House", in fact, there isn't even any English on their storefront. If you're looking for the Shanghainese restaurant, do so by address; also the store's sign is red and there is a little bamboo fountain in front of the storefront.Craving some xiao long bao (soup dumplings), my family and I came here on a Sunday evening after a nice, relaxing day at SpaCastle. We checked Joe's Shanghai first, but, as usual, it was as packed as the 6 train at rush hour, only madder--people yelling, customers gesticulating angrily, ticket and hand waving. I chuckled as I imagined their surprise when they were finally seated only to learn that they would be joined by another 6 randoms for some really tight quarters.Continuing down to Prince Street, we arrived at a slightly crowded Nan Shian Dumpling House (surprisingly busy for mid-evening Sunday). The decor is kind of bare-bones, but it's well lit and looks clean. The place seats no more than 30 people--a bit tight, but manageable. If it's crowded, you may have to share a table. Luckily, the wait wasn't too bad, it was about 15 minutes for a party of four and the turnover was pretty quick. *If there's a line, make sure you go in and grab a number. You'll have to squeeze through the narrow corridor and make uncomfortable body contact with others, but it's a small price to pay for possibly the best soup dumplings in the city.How does one judge a soup dumpling? As with all dumplings, the key is to have the thinnest wrapper as possible while making sure there is a good amount of meat. Also, the dumpling must not break...otherwise, the soup or juicy goodness will be lost.Well, this place's xiao long bao (on their menu: steamed pork buns and steamed crab meat & pork buns) have unbelievably delicate wrappers, delicious soup, and tasty meat. The toughest part of enjoying one of these suckers (no pun intended) is transferring the soup bun from the steaming basket to your spoon and then biting it correctly to make sure you can enjoy all the soup without losing it all over the plate or burning your tongue. When I went there, the soup buns took longer than expected because they were actually wrapping the soup buns in order to steam them as we ordered them. I'm not sure if this is standard protocol, but they were absolutely fresh.Their potstickers/pan fried dumplings, having the same wrapper properties as the soup dumplings, also were quite good. The crispy noodles w. pork and shitake mushrooms were also fantastic. This is one of the best and most authentic Chinese dishes, definitely one that the corner take-out place won't have...unless you live in Flushing. Finishing my meal with a warm bowl of sweet soy bean milk was the perfect ending to a satisfying meal and a perfect way to steel myself against the cold.Avoid the wait at Shanghai Joe's and come here!
Great handmade soup dumplings, though be careful because they rip easily. I highly recommend the spicy beef tendons and rice cakes.
Soup dumplings is why i come here. They're good, not great but the service is quick enough to warrant me to visit from time to time. The cold appetizers are good enough to try as well. The noodle dishes are so-so and the scallion pancake was way too greasy! I'll see ya on the waiting line because they almost always have a line waiting for tables!
This place was pretty much amazing.Went tonight (Thursday) and it wasn't overcrowded by was definitely busy.Their XLB have a very thin skin and the soup is amazing inside. I had the pork which were great, also tried the vegetable dumplings which I could've ordered myself. Ladies were making the dumplings right next to the table which was cool to watch their mad skills. Also tried the pan fried noodles, which I believe they make themselves also, and they were pretty good too. I can't say that I've had Shanghai Joe's or any of the other famous ones in the City but I can tell you it will be hard to live up to this place!!GO! Take the 7 out to Flushing you will not be disappointed!!!
If it's your first time having xiao long bao, I'd suggest observing some of the other customers for strategies before attempting to eat yourself. Like some other yelpers I burnt my mouth on my first dumpling, but after tasting the soup (after it cooled!) and the delicious meat inside all was forgiven. They were truly delicious and a very unique experience. The xiao mai is delicious as well! The service is not super great, but hey, that's not really what you're there for anyway right?
I admit that I had higher hopes for this place, given the string reviews and long lines. I swung by around 8 pm, wanting to try the soup dumplings. Given that it was still crowded, I placed a to go order which seemed to annoy the hostess for some reason. I was oddly pleased by the 15 minute wait for my food...to me, this implies careful preparation of what I am sure is an art. However, when I got back to my hotel room to eat, every attempt to pick up a dumpling resulted in a small perforation forming and precious dumpling innards to spill out!!  I had to forgo chopsticks and carefully use a spoon (as well as pour sauce over all the dumplings, versus dipping them) to avoid eating empty dumplingsI do wonder if given the physics of placing these in an airtight container for 5 minutes, if this is why these holes developed.  Or perhaps these dumplings are more fragile than the ones on Houston that I am used to...
Hands down this is My Favorite Shanghai Food place in Queens.I recommend all my clients to come here for the soup dumplings and so far they haven't complainedI believe this place was featured in the New York times magazine a while back since there was a rush of out-of-town customers all lined-up for the hype.Believe the hype. Must eats:1) Soup dumplings( Regular and with crab meat)- Comparing to Joe's shanghai and the ones i've had around the city this soup dumpling has a less thick/greasy broth. The dough is thinner too which means I can ingest more of this goodness !2) Red Bean Pancake ( Not the pastry kind but the flat ones deep fried to golden perfection. It isnt too sweet either)Come try the items recommended here you won't be disappointed!
This place is populated by locals and for good reason. If you are a fan of xiao lonb bao, this is the place to go in Queens. The food is cheap and delicious. I'm vegetarian and was pleasantly surprised(all you carnivores out there, mark my words!) to find excellent vegetable dumplings, steamed to perfection and in the perfect casing of a thin, tasty dough wrapper. In other places it's thick dough surrounding a mediocre and oversalted filling. My boyfriend had tried their signature xiao long bao--said it was tasty(and this was his second tasting meal) but raved more about the steamed vegetarian dumplings. I think he had not quite mastered the art of slurping up the soup from the dumpling and eating the hot little morsel at the same time. Though by his fourth one, he had learned from the locals. Expect a wait if you order the xiao long bao..the veggie dumplings came out sooner. So kick back, order some appetizers and wait for those hard working cooks to make your belly happy. Flushing is indeed a food mecca.
best soup dumplings i've ever had! the meat was yummy, the shell was perfectly doughy, and the soup was in abundance. it took FOREVER to get a seat, and FOREVER to get the dumplings, but it was totally worth it. every bit of dumpling was a tiny piece of heaven. lots of people ordered noodles dishes as well. maybe next time ill some noodles with my soup dumplings!!
I love going to this place for Xiao Long Bao and other delicious little dishes. I prefer the original soup dumplings without the crab meat, the flavor is good and the skin is just right. I also like the soy milk and the soy custard here. The spicy bamboo shoot is also very delicious and the scallion pancake is nice a crispy. There are some things on the menu that are not that wonderful but I guess some people like it. For example the sweet sticky rice roll is basically a fried curler dipped in sugar and wrapped in sticky rice. Also, the availability of the items listed on their menu is inconsistent, somehow they are always out of something that I want. I have never tried the jelly fish since they never seem to have it. However, they always have the soup dumplings, and despite the poor service and the issues I mentioned, I still go back for more dumplings. I stopped by for some soup dumplings this Saturday and saw that they were closed (They appear to be doing some renovation). Hopefully, they will be open the next time I visit flushing.
Just came back from Nan Xiang, actually went because of the reviews on Yelp. All my Chinese friends from work recommended Joe's Shanghai, but this had better reviews so I wanted to try it. Not impressed. The food was good but not the best. The Shumai was my favorite of all dishes. We had both crab and pork dumplings and I was disappointed. Maybe its because I'm used to having with shrimp, but it had no flavor and it was not sticky. when have this dish the soup is usually really yummy and makes lips sticky.  It was neither here. We also had the spicy wontons and all I could taste was peanut butter. We also had the noodles with chili oil which were good not great. The restaurant is very clean, the seating is comfortable and they are fast but the food is ok. Wish I had gone into NYC Chinatown instead.
I love soup dumplings and these...were heaven.My family went late morning on a sunday and there was a crowd of people already waiting outside.  We were told that we'd only have to wait 10-15 minutes but it ended up being more than 30 minutes.  It was still worth it because the dumplings are made to order and come piping hot to your table.  You have to be careful transferring the dumpling into your spoon and I like to bite off the top, pour some of the sauce in and then drink the soup!  The skin is not too tough or too delicate and the meat is adequately flavored and the broth is sinfully delicious.  The price is very affordable as well giving you six large soup dumplings for $5.50.  The only downsides are that the restaurant is small, crowded, smells like vinegar and the staff is rushed, rude and doesn't speak English well.  Also, my brother has been there a few other times and says that most of the other items on the menu are average so if you come here, come for the soup dumplings.
Very yummy xiao long baos! Minus one star because of slow service. But it's worth the wait for the freshly made dumplings.
Came here with high expectations cause everyone raves about their soup dumplings.They only give you 6? Kind of a ripoff, even more so when you compare it to Joe's Shanghai. Plus, the soup tastes oily, instead of meat flavored like it should. So if I remember correctly, it's about $5.50 for 6 soup dumplings that don't taste too great, I think you're better off going to Joe's Shanghai; they have 8 soup dumplings for $4.65, and they taste twice as good, not even exaggerating.Not coming here again.
This location has one of the best soup dumplings in Flushing.  Their noodles soups are very popular too (not the best quality but still satisfying).  Can't say much for their other dishes which I didn't find too good.  I'm only a fan of the items I mentioned.
Good place. We had tried Joe's Shanghai multiple times before and wanted to try a different place for soup dumplings. I think this is a good place if you have sudden craving for soup dumplings. They make the dumplings fresh and you can actually see the chefs cooking them. Will come back here for a second round :)
Definitely good, definitely hot. As a tip - i would wait at least 2 minutes before picking these up with the tongs. they serve them immediately out of the steamer and the skin is delicate in the beginning. only reason why they didnt get 5 stars - i like joe's shanghai on pell street better and dont have to go all the way to flushing to get them
My friend was already raving about this place before we got off the 7 train. You know? I don't think the soup dumpling (xiao long bao) did anything for me here. It was "os os". Off day? I thought the meat was bland. Again. Maybe it was an off night --- I don't know.
Our cousins took us here to try what they call the best dumplings in NY, supposedly better than Joe's Shanghai.  I cant say that it's better but it is rather juicy and flavorful.  The service is much better than Joe's but the wait is much longer.  We only tried the dumplings but my mother in law tried the pork buns and said it is the best she's had.  I would come back next time and try more.
It's hard not to compare the dumplings from this place to the ones from Joe's Shanghai, but really the broth from the two places are quite different so I think this place is definitely a must-try if you're into xiao long bao. The price is definitely cheaper and you get to see them form the dumplings by hand right in the back of the restaurant! The past two times I've been here, once after the dinner rush (around 8pm) and once in the middle of a weekday afternoon, its been crowded but my friends and I were still seated right away. Be aware, however, that its a small restaurant and you might have to rub elbows with the people sitting right next to you. I highly suggest the bamboo shoots in chili oil as an appetizer and the beef with rice sticks dish as an entree. Once we saw the group next to us order the bamboo shoots we immediately knew we had to order it- they're fresh and it turns out to be a very nice light appetizer to start the meal. The xiao long bao had the longest wait- it was the last item that came to the table- but the wait was well worth it. Its much less greasy and rich-tasting than the crab and pork dumplings at Joe's Shanghai.
Ok this really is the best soup dumpling in nyc. Hands down.  Joe's shanghai- you better watch out.  However!!!!Warning*** Everything else is either Ok or subpar.I had the wine chicken... it wasn't good.A couple of other things we ordered were ok, but it's really all about the soup dumplings. 4 stars for soup dumplings, 2.5 for everythign else
Delicious. Soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are great, though I wish they were a little bit smaller. The scallion & beef pancake is out of control as are the braised soybeans. While you're waiting, look at the different appetizers sitting in the food cart in the front of the restaurant next to the hostess station. Pick out what you want. Eat it. I think the next time I'm there, I'm getting the tripe, it really looks delicious.
Not much to say that hasn't been said. Came here last night for takeout. Got the steamed pork buns (soup dumplings). Soup dumplings are always better fresh and in the restaurant, but these even held up as takeout. Better than Joe's Shanghai, in my opinion.
Great dumplings. Looooong lines. Still worth it.
the best soup dumplings out there. the density of the filling, thickness of the skin, flavor of the broth - all nailed. everything we ordered was pretty hard to swallow. worth the wait- don't be discouraged!
Can't say I'm a fan of the service. Been here a multitude of times and there have been times when they've forgot to put in a dish that I've ordered. Once they forgot to put the my order of pork chop noodles in and another, they forgot to put in my order of jellyfish (which is RIGHT there, visible to diners). When I asked for the items to be canceled because we were almost finished with our food and the dishes still have not arrived (even though they were reminded), they were most displeased with me. Tough sh*t. Cups are also stained and once I had lipstick that had not been washed off on mine. Just my luck, huh? . There's a staff member there (tall for an Asian guy) who holds seats for his friends/ staff's friends. I listened in on the conversation when we were supposed to be seated next. The hostess in front told the guy to call the friend on his cell. Seriously? Also, they let people jump ahead of the line by ripping 2-3 tickets off and discreetly (not discreetly enough for me) handing them in the order they deem appropriate. That being said, the soup dumplings and the appetizers are good. Everything else is pretty much standard Taiwanese/Fujianese fare.
Food was AMAZING!!! We don't eat pork so our choices were Vegetable dumplings, rice cake with beef & fried noodles with chicken, and beef pepper soup. Delicious!!! Will definitely go back.
Came here bc a friend told me their soup dumplings were better than Joes. They were really mind you but i liked Joes better. Their beef and scallion pancake was really unique and delicious but service was crap.But hey, its Chinatown.  The prices were cheap too! Always a plus.
Ever since I tried the soup dumplings here I've been 'chasing the dragon' in Chinatowns from Toronto to Miami, to always come back to Flushing, Queens.Hands down, best soup dumplings ever. They are made to order, the filling is delicious, the skin is thin, there is a ton of delicious soup and yet the dumpling never breaks before it's time. I have no idea how they pull it off.The rest of the food is delicious as well. I am a fan of the scallion pancake with beef and the taro pastries and the beef noodle soup. But the dumplings.... wow.I am taking off a star for consistently making us share tables with people and less then pleasant service.Although, I might consider giving it back - for being the place that helped me perfect my 'I'm not pleased' grunt.
The food is decent.  I personally prefer the crabmeat soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai
As mentioned in a lot of reviews, there is usually a line to get a table.  But it is worth the wait.  We went there after 10 on a Friday night, and still waited about a half hour.  Wait to get our food was not that long.  Soup dumplings are as good as Joe's Shanghai but not as pretentious.  Beef and scallion pancakes are good but a little too doughy. My daughter loved the pork noodle soup.
Best soup dumplings ever!  Pops in your mouth and you are slurping every last warm drop.  Be ready to wait in line though...
As you would expect this is a very busy place.  But it well worth any wait.  I am still thinking about the udon noodles.
When I heard that there was a soup dumpling place better than Joe's Shanghai, I had to go there.  While the wait was definitely much shorter than at Joe's, the soup dumplings were only okay and definitely not as good as Joe's in my opinion.  Oh well.
The soup dumplings are just okay, not great. And don't get me started on the service; they didn't bother to greet us at all when we got there, after we've asked twice, the cashier seems annoyed and gave us a number. The waitress is worse, yelled to make us waiting out of the restaurant, and never bothered to let us know when is our turn. We had to go in and ask once in a while, and they genuinely, truly seem to be dis-like their customers. I will NOT go back again, for my soup dumpling fix there are tons of other places both in Chinatown and Flushing.
Great prices! Super clean for cheap food! SO yummy!!!How do they do it?Their dumplings are out of this world delicious.  I'm Chinese and i'm a foodie so it takes a lot to bring me to eat here twice in one day...and then 4 days later another visit.  I travel to China 4 times a year and all i do is Work and eat.Get the XLB is bomb...THe scallion pancake uhm uhm good...and get all the side dishes that appeal to your eye.  Most likely it will be delicious.I have dreams of living closer to this dumpling heaven :( but i live in LA now...
The Xiao long bao here is very tasty and the crispy noodles were also good.  Would recommend this place if you are in Flushing!
Great soup dumplings! I also had the scallion pancake, it was very good too. Definetly will be back.
Probably the worst service out of any Flushing restaurant. Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are definitely top notch, but their wait staff is rude, unattentive, and basically completely useless. Other than the xiao long bao, the menu doesn't have much to offer. Their chicken soup is pretty good tho. Lately, it's been taking 25-30 minutes for the xiao long bao orders to come to the table, which is much longer than the wait times before. I'd give the soup dumplings 5 stars and the service 0 stars, so I'll average it out and round up to give them 3 stars. This is the one restaurant where I would whip out my phone to make sure I don't give them more than a 15% tip. I refuse to even give them a penny more.
They don't even need my review...but they deserve it. Best pork soupy dumplings I've had in NYC. Their pan fried dumplings are exquisite, as are the fresh wontons in spicy peanut sauce. Again, the best I've had in NYC.  Also try the cold spicy beef 'n tripe even if you're not a huge organ meat person. It's surprising. It's great. Vegetable dumplings are awesome too but must be gotten hot and eaten right away or they go down a notch more seriously than the other dumplings here.
Mehhh.  My friend raved about the soup dumplings here, so I trekked all the way to Queens to eat it.  First of all, they only take cash, so my friend and I had to run to the bank.  Came back and ordered the soup dumplings and shanghai pan fried noodles.  The soup dumplings are good, but not to die for.  I mean I don't think it's worth an hour long trip for.  The pan fried noodles were....whatever.  It tasted like something you could just get at panda express.  Actually I'm sorry but I prefer panda express' chow mein over this.  But the place was poppin so it seems like a local favorite.  I didn't like the service.  It was pretty shoddy.  The waitress was completely unfriendly, creating a not so comfortable dining experience.  My friend concluded: Welcome to New York.
Slow. Slow. The staff just don't care. They stand around chatting and can't be bothered to bring food out until it's been sitting around for a while after preparation. Soup dumplings were very disappointing. Too big and rustic to be considered good. A cold chicken dish was mostly bones-kind of a rip off. Hot dishes were really mediocre. Not the worst meal ever but there's lots better out there.
In my opinion better than joes shanghai.  Onion pancake has good fluffy consistency.  Beef with pickled turnip noodle is amongst the best here.  favorite place to bring my friends from out of town.
We've noticed Nan Shian for a while now but never had the chance to actually visit until yesterday. I'm a sucker for a good xiao long bao and this place seemed to be constantly packed so expectations were pretty high I must admit. Even at almost 3pm you had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table. The space is pretty small though which explains the constant wait and you'll be sitting elbow to elbow with strangers (unless you have a party of 4 or 6).The highly touted xiao long bao are freshly made in a little alcove next to the dining area where 3-4 workers are busy at all times. When done, they're relatively large, plump and chock full of soupy goodness. They're definitely quite good but my current favorite still remains at the Shanghai Cuisine in Chinatown. My favorite of all time was from the Peking Duck House (also in Chinatown) back before they moved locations, but that was decades ago. But you won't go wrong with these. We ordered one each of the regular and crab egg and truthfully, I couldn't tell much of a difference between the two.We also ordered the spicy wontons (disappointing due to addition of peanut sauce), the chicken soup (quite good with ginseng and other herbs), and a spicy cow stomach cold platter (very good although a bit different than what we've had in other places).Overall it was a pretty good meal. Next time (if we have the time to wait around again), we'll try out their breakfast fare (sao bin yeou tiaou) with sweet soy milk. Plus their stir-fried noodles look very good as well.
the soup dumplings (aka xiao long bao) are pretty solid, on par with Joe's Shanghai.  The crab meat is better than the pork.My favorite dish is the pan fried shanghai noodles.  Serving size is small though.  If I order two appetizers (for myself) and one order of the noodles, I'll be okay, but any less and I need more.  The other things I have tried (and I've tried most of the menu) is okay.   Also, when compared with other Chinese food places, the prices are considered very pricey.  Make sure you have plenty of time if you want to hit this place up because the lines are almost always at least 20 minutes long, often longer.
The xiaolong bai was of course great. However everything else was forgettable. Noodle soup dishes came out way too salty. The shanghai udon noodle dish was nothing special. I'm not sure its not worth it to wait online just for xiao long bao. Might as well goto joe's the main dishes are better.
A group of 8 decided to have a mini-college reunion at this particular dumpling house on a Saturday night. Wait wasn't too bad (maybe 20 minutes) at 8pm. We ordered several dishes including crab and pork dumplings. Honestly, they were one of the BEST dumplings I've ever tasted! I always thought Joe Shanghai and Din Tai Fung (in LA) were pretty good, but I think Nan Shian tops them all! When we got our bill, it came out to be $12/person.... so cheap!The only part I didn't like about this place was that we had to wait a good hour for those dumplings, but I guess it was worth the wait.
It was 40 degrees and freezing outside and we saw a line nearly out the door on a Wednesday (or tues?) night and we had to follow the crowd. Good thing we did. We waited a little less than 20 mins. The waiters were very efficient. We ordered the soup dumplings (of course...gotta order what's in their damn name!), the spicy bean curd with edamame, tripe/intestine, chicken with rice cake, and 2 soybean milks. Mmmmm it was DAMN goooood! That's all I have to say :) now you know where to get some good shanghai food.
I don't know what happened to this place.  I use to like it but recent trip there has not been as good.   Something changed.   Nov 2013.
Hubby and I went here after the US Open tonight since I was craving soup dumplings and read such rave reviews on yelp.  Flushing was only one stop away so it seemed like the perfect opportunity.Here's my breakdown:1) pork & crab soup dumplings - they were good and had a nice skin but I prefer Shanghai Cafe's soup dumplings. I feel like theirs is more flavorful.2) scallion pancakes with beef - Pretty good but a bit oily for my preference.  3) sweet soy milk (cold) - it seemed watered down and very weak compared to others I've had.  It was so-so.So unfortunately, I'm breaking the 4 & 5 star ratings trend.  Maybe my expectations were too high but it wasn't worth the hype for me.  I'll be going to Shanghai cafe for my soup dumplings in Chinatown or going to White Bear for spicy wontons if I'm in the neighborhood.
I don't understand what people are raving about...I ordered the xlb and an iced soy milk to go. When I got home, all the buns popped and the pink meat residue leaked out. I ate all six buns and got a stomach ache the next morning. It was probably the late night snacking but still marking this a bad experience.
Way better than Joe's Shanghai!  Don't even think Joe's Shanghai when you think soup dumplings.  THIS IS the place to be.  I've converted 10 or more people into believers.  Try the homemade soy milk, it's good but the Soup Dumplings are the best in NYC bar none!
One of my favorite places in flushing.  Best to come during the weekdays or early morning in the weekend.  Otherwise there is a wait even thought they expanded and there is more seating!  Only after they expanded have I attempted to bring my kids with me otherwise with their old space forget it.  There wasn't even even elbow room since the tables were ontop of each other.  My favorite picks...Pork & cabbage noodle soupNoodle with scallion sauceAppetizer - spicy beef & TripeScallion pancake with sliced beefSweet soy bean milk.  Red bean puff
Ahh, the xiao long bao from Nan Xiang Dumpling House... I have heard a lot about and been longing to try it. They were closed for renovation the first time I went and now I finally tried them. I only ordered what they were famous for; xiao long bao with crab meat. We got only 6 xiao long bao per order, but they were slight bigger. The soup inside was very delicious and pipping hot. The meat was soft. The crab meat was lacking and we found some soft shells from the crab. I barely tasted the crab meat in some of them. The dumpling skin was thick and not smooth at all. Also did I mention, my cup of tea smelled like dish washing soup.
Everything here except for the scallion pancakes was amazing! This place used to be much better years ago. They increased prices and the quality has slightly decreased, but it's still delicious and recommend it.
i've been here twice...once in january 2010 and more recently, yesterday.both times we ordered the pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancakes.  both are really good, especially the beef scallion pancakes (despite feeling your arteries clog up as you eat them).  i can't really taste the difference between the freshly made soup dumplings at nan xiang and the soup dumplings at joe's shanghai in chinatown.  yesterday's wait for the dumplings was a solid 30 minutes, while the first time was about 15 minutes.  i'd suggest that nan xiang adopt joe's method of reducing this wait by taking the soup dumpling order while customers wait on line or just as they're being seated.i'm on a search for the beef scallion pancakes elsewhere.  otherwise, unless i'm in the area, i wouldn't trek to nan xiang.
I've been going to this place for a while now. Best soup dumplings in NY. Its worth it even though they don't take credit cards, needs more wait staff, and faster service. They recently expanded into the space next door and now no more 30min wait time for a table.
I haven't been to Chinatown's Joe Shanghai in ages, because this place is closer to me and has the best soup dumplings in NYC.
Some of the best xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) I've ever had.  Pretty decent scallion pancakes too.  The waitresses were kind of irritated that we had such a big group, but I wouldn't expect any less from a busy Chinese restaurant in the middle of flusshing.
Thanks John W. and Diana T. I would've never found this place if it weren't for your reviews. This place has, hands down, the BEST soup dumplings I've ever tasted. I brought my gramps who's lived in Taipei most of his life and he compared it favorably to the best place there. The veggie steamed dumplings were also out of this world. Yes, I said VEGGIE! This means a lot because as you know, vegetarians have awful taste in food and I'm the anti-Vegetarian. I'd eat my baby sister before I'd eat baby spinach. Good thing I don't have a baby sister. Their noodles were delicious but they didn't have the beef noodle soup I'm used to having. They had a beef noodle soup, but it was weird - sauteed, then tossed in the bowl of noodes. It was tasty, though.
Sooooo good! Great food! Great prices! Go with someone who knows what to order or you'll be totally lost. This was all comfort food for me that I haven't had in forever! Was so happy to find it! Just wish it wasn't so far from us!
Wow! I can't believe after eating in Flushing almost every week, I first find out about this place now, but it was extremely good, fresh and delicious - my new go to spot for Shanghai cuisine.
Deeeeelicious. At a little under $6 for a steamer basket of 6, the pork soup dumplings were just about the best things you could get anywhere for that price. Thin skin that didn't break and had just the right consistency, plenty of flavorful fatty broth inside, and a right-sized ball of pork to end. I think this is the best place outside of LA's DinTaiFeng to get soup dumplings. We also ordered the fish salted cabbage noodle soup which was umami at its best (add a little bit of vinegar to it to complement the slightly sweet broth), garlic cucumber cold dish and scallion pancakes. We had already been eating for 3 hours at various other joints in Flushing so we didn't get a chance to try more of the menu; sounds like I have to come back!
Chinese CuisineIn Chinese this place is known as 'Nanxiang Xiao Long Bao', with a literal translation of 'soup dumpling'  Totally nothing related to the english name of the restaurant, yet it does serve noodles, but it's specialty is the soup dumplings.A friend of mine recommended this place because he had been going here for a while now.  I have to say their soup dumplings are the best I have ever had.  Better than Joe's Shanghai (tourist trap) and Shanghai Cafe (my last favorite).  I measure soup dumplings by the amount of broth that exists in it, the taste of the broth and the size of the dumplings and this place has it all right.The dumpling price is on par with most places $4.50, however you are given 6 instead of the traditional 8 dumplings.  That is a slight negative, but for me, if the dumpling is so good, I can forgive that fact.  The dumpling skin is thin enough to hold the abundance of soup without being punctured and is not too thick like some places.  When you pour the soup out from your spoon, it fills it up and then some.  If the dumpling doesn't have much soup in it, it's crap, you are just eating a regular dumpling!  You can even see the soup filled up inside the dumpling before you pick it up.  The pork medallion is just sized right and it even has scallions in it!  it was really good.I suggest not ordering the rice cakes here, as it is a bit overcooked and too soy saucy.  Not recommended to order that.  It's not my preference the way they cook it.Otherwise, this place has suddenly become my new place for Taiwanese breakfast.  The sesame bread and beef was well done.  The scallion pancake wrapped with beef was ok.  King 5 across the street does it a little better, as the scallion pancake is more flavorful.  We also had the chive and egg dumpling which was the best out of all the places I've tried.  Alot of scallion, the crust of the dumpling was not too thick and doughy.  This place is a slight hole in the wall, limited seating for about maybe 25 at most and sometimes really busy during prime lunchtime on weekends, but it is well worth the trek to Flushing.  I'm sorry to say, but if you go to Joe's Shanghai, you aren't having good soup dumplings.
So here's my opinion: If you're looking for the best xlb in the city, go to Shanghai Cafe in Manhattan. BUT, Nan Xiang is close behind and is pretty good and tasty. Get the two kinds, maybe some chicken soup, scallion pancake, pan fried buns, and stay away from the seaweed and garlic.
The soup dumplings are great. Made to order, it took 30 min before we got our order on a Friday night. We only waited a few min for our table but there was a line waiting for tables when we left at 11 pm. One star off for the spotty service; they left out our cold appetizer order.
Best soup dumplings in NYC. Much more refined and sophisticated than my second favorite XLB at Shanghai Cafe
5 stars for the xiao long bao. The other things on the menu are decent, but they're not why you come here. The place gets crowded, especially on weekends, and the dumplings take a little while to come out, so be prepared to wait a bit. All in all, a fun place with great xiao long bao and prices to match.
The crispy noodles with beef and the rice cake with beef were great. They had the same greasy brown sauce which really hit the spot after a 2 month Chinese food hiatus. On the other hand the crispy beef pastry did not go down so well. The sweet and crispy crust did not go well with the oily and savory beef inside. The rice dumplings were flavorless and mushy, and the wontons w/ peanut sauce were also flavorless and too spicy. The chefs here apparently do not taste and season the food. A little bit of salt could really have brought out the flavors, it's really a shame.The soup dumplings... the main reason people come here were off. The soup was slightly too tart and the meat was not as savory as Joe's Shanghai's. I got tired of eating these after the first ~3 and struggled to eat the rest. One person in our group could only eat 2 and she was done. Stick with Joe's Shanghai for soup dumplings, it's worth the wait.To summarize, I felt like each dish was missing something. Everything tasted "off." My guess was that it was so busy the chefs did not have time to carefully prepare the food.
Absolutely amazing soup dumplings and scallion pancake with beef.  Will definitely be returning to Flushing just so I can eat here again.
My FAVORITE xiao long bao place!!!  After I discovered the restaurant, I completely forgot about the existence of Joe's Shanghai for their soup dumplings (in fact I stopped going there for almost 5 years now) - it's nothing comparable.  The soup in those soup dumplings tastes so much "cleaner" while the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai tend to be more oily to me.  I usually go there with couple of friends and order so much, and the bill comes still light.  Most of noodle bowls are really good, too, and other cold appetizers like Crashed Cucumber and Drunken Chicken are great.  The service is ok - I would say their service is "practical" instead of pleasing their customers.  Most of the waiters understand English.  It is usually very crowded with full of hungry people during weekends.  Every time I go there during their peak time, I want to laugh because there is this big mirror all over the wall - while you wait there, you can see your "hunger" and "envy" written all over on your face in the mirror, and actually you can almost look like a ghost staring at people who are eating the xiao long bao already.  But it's worth the wait, definitely, even we all can look like ghosts in the mirror.
It was about a 10 minute wait in the beginning, but not too bad. We used the time to look at the menu and scope out what we wanted. The xiao long baos were really good; they didn't break when you were trying to get them, but the skin wasn't very thick either so that it was easy to bite a small hole to suck up the soup. There's two different kinds, and we got one order of each. The cold appetizers we got were also very good, and they were pretty good portions too. The green onion pancakes were meh (didn't really see/taste any green onions), and had a flaky consistency. Perhaps some people like it this way, but it doesn't jive with me. I'd recommend just sticking wit the xiao long baos and the cold appetizers.
Good XLBs, but the best? I'm not really sure. This place has gotten a lot of hype and when I saw the Michelin recommendation outside the restaurant this weekend, I threw a huge fit trying to get my family to eat there instead of Canton Gourmet next door (I didn't win. I pouted..but not for long since food was coming my way). Well, I imposed myself on a friend who lived near by and ate there yesterday. Since I've been meaning to go there for over a year and I just saw the Michelin recommendation, my expectations were high. Maybe too high.So I'm going to agree, the ingredients were fresh and different than Joe's near by- but better? That's going to depend on a lot of factors- factors that change anytime I'm eating.I made sure to order scallion pancakes, because they're my favorite. I forget how much these usually go for but here, its $3 a pop- that's a little pricey for dough and a (light) sprinkle of scallion. Nevertheless, it had a fluffiness to it that I have not found elsewhere so my friend and I ordered a 2nd helping. My b/f and his friends sat near by and took some from us and I was PISSED. (They're that good!)I modeled my ordered after Joe's the best I could but couldn't help but give up an extra $1 for the crab and pork soup dumplings which I would never care to eat at Joe's. I definitely smelled the crab and tasted the texture of crab but the flavoring was predominately pork. I also found a crab shell (at least I hope it was a crab shell) in my dumpling so I was both sad but pleased to know YES! They use real crab meat! But DAMN, they're not that good at cleaning it up. EEK.We had an order of pork dumplings as well but I guess we didn't get it fast enough b/c it ended up being cold and not too tasty. See, my friend is a much slower eater and I really had to pace myself or she probably wouldn't have gotten any more food. Luckily, we ordered a 2nd helping of the pork dumplings and they were much better, warmer, etc.But of course we have to compare it to Joe's- which is why I only give it 3 stars. Yes- the freshness/ less fattiness of the pork as well as the thinness of the skin sets it apart from Joe's HOWEVER I'm pretty sure the best foods are the fatty foods. 2nd- the best part about a soup dumpling is the soup- and there wasn't much soup in this dumpling, and whatever soup I got lacked a flavor (I'm sure that comes from the fattiness). All in all, I was underwhelmed by this place but that doesn't mean I wouldn't go back. If I felt like sacrificing my diet and gym work out, I'd probably go to Joe's. As grittier as it is, it's a very very good soup dumpling w/ plenty of soup but if I wanted a more delicate dumpling- heck, even a dressed up dumpling, I'd come here. IDK if I'd wait like everyone else did but I'm not writing this place off.As for the service- it's slow, even on a Tues. night when its not at its busiest. I guess I expect that from Joe's as they're trying to hustle u in and out of the restaurant, but if you want more turnover- dude, Nan Shian- you gotta step it up- you're dumplings aren't worth the 30 min. wait.
Been a long time customer for years now and today's visit just sealed the deal for me...For as long as I've been going to this place, I loved their tasteful yet expensive ($5.50 for just 6 pieces) soup dumplings. At first, I really didn't mind the pricing since their dumplings were the best I've had in NYC. I even gave their noodles and scallion pancakes a few tries after completely falling in love with this place.However, today's experience was just absolutely horrible. I first walked in and noticed their expansion - wow finally! More tables for more customers for their great food! NOT!!!! The boss thought he'd be a smart greedy idiot - doubled the size of the restaurant, but did not hire any additional waitresses. First, I HAD TO GO GRAB THE MENUS MYSELF AFTER WAITING 10 MINUTES FOR THE WAITRESS TO BRING ME THE MENU.Second, ordered my dumplings. Waitress gave us a heads up it will be 35 minutes of wait. Fine, whatever, I've done it before. Thirty-five minutes came and went, so we asked the status of our dumplings. The manager comes by and tells us it'll be another 10 minutes. By then, I ran out of patience as my quarters were running up in the meter. I decided to cancel after waiting almost ONE HOUR for my dumplings. Not to mention, the tables around me ordered fried dumplings. They came out so burnt that the two tables had to tell them to take it back and remake or cancel order...This place has gone DOWNHILL since its expansion. Burnt food, horrible customer service, ONE HOUR WAIT on dumplings. I will not be returning to this place as there are sooooooo many other places in Flushing that I can spend my $$ at.For those that "ABSOLUTELY SWEAR" by this place, BULLSHYT comes at $5.50 for 6 piece and an ONE HOUR WAIT. Enjoy!
Best soup dumplings!!! Believe the hype. Joe Shanghai dumplings are much greasier. Their soup dumplings are fresh from the steamer, packed with soup, and almost never broken. Other great dishes: gluten tofu, hot bamboo shootsOK dishes: rice noodle cake The restaurant's other dishes can't compete quality-wise with their soup dumplings. Super cheap too! Beware of the long lines on weekends.
The soup dumpling were good but the rice cakes with beef was amazing.  I also really enjoyed the scallion pancake with beef.
I used to go there all the time before they expanded to the current 3-stores restaurant. That time was the best that u always wait in the long line and then would have a satisfied feast. But now since they expanded, I went there again and felt everything was on a higher scale including the price of course as well as the sodium in the food. It's a way too salty!!! Btw, I was grew up in shanghai so I'm definitely an expert talking about authentic shanghainese food. NOT worth a try.
I came here for lunch today as consolation to myself for having had the worst, most stressful morning. I came to Flushing for the first time in like, 5 years because of a job interview, and the freaking 7 train had to break down, causing me to be 30 minutes late. I almost gave myself a stroke on the platform. Some crab soup dumplings were definitely in order.I can certainly see why people are addicted to the soup dumplings here: there's an incredible amount of soup in them. Even after I think I've finally sucked them dry after what seemed like forever, soup still comes pouring out from nowhere when I bite into them. It's like self-regenerating soup. I don't know how they do it. It's just amazing. It took me like 30 minutes to eat 6 of these, which is how many you get per order.However, in terms of flavor, I think the crab soup dumplings here aren't as good as the ones at Lao Shanghai in Chinatown (aka Shang Hai Cuisine on Bayard & Mulberry), which still stands as my all-time favorite after 27 years of non-stop experimentation. The taste of crab is really lacking here, you can barely detect it. I think it might be a better deal to just get the regular ones and save a buck.I also had the scallion pancakes and the spicy beef noodle soup. I know, other people were staring. Especially after I licked off every pancake crumb on the plate and picked up the noodle bowl and drank the whole thing. These were the most deeply and crisply fried scallion pancakes ever. Unfortunately, the taste of scallion was pretty much non-existent (not unlike the taste of crab in the soup dumplings), but the texture was incredible. Super flaky on the outside, moist and chewy on the inside = YUM. Finger-lickin' good. Really, I did lick them. (Of course I washed my hands thoroughly before feasting, as everyone should do in any Asian eating establishment.)The spicy beef noodle soup was very mediocre. Not bad, but not particularly good. Noodle soup is really not their specialty here, should've gone with the fried rice cakes instead. Well, hopefully I get that job and will be back soon. If not, it'll be another 5 years probably before I get on the 7 train again.
Soup dumplings are definitely legit here. The Crab soup dumplings, IMO, even better. The skin is not as thick as Joe Shanhai's. The wait can be long most times but worth it. Not too expensive.
I will be coming back here on my next visit.  Soup dumplings were awesome as well as the green onion pancake with beef slices.  :)
Just came back from a very satisfying breakfast at Nan Shian. I've been looking for a Taiwanese/Northern Chinese breakfast in New York for a while, and finally realized that there is none to be had in Manhattan Chinatown. Nan Shian definitely has all your craved foods on the menu: sweet and savory soy milk, you tiao, scallion pancakes, sticky rice rolls (fan tuan), and, of course, soup dumplings.The soup dumplings are superb and I can see why this place is known for them. The skin is unbelievably thin, and there is an entire soup spoonful (maybe more) of soup in each dumpling.A review of everything else we ordered:Beef wrapped in scallion pancake: Really hearty. Every restaurant's scallion pancakes are different. Nanxiang's are on the soft side, and somewhat fluffy. This dish is served with a shmear of plum sauce.Sweet soy milk and you tiao: It's fine. Not the best I've had but decent.Red bean puff pastry: Not to be confused with the red bean pancake, each order comes with four bite-sized morsels. Flaky and sweet.Chive box: I love chives, so I don't have anything bad to say about this dish.Pan-fried pork buns (shen jian bao zi): Maybe this is because they came at the end, when we were all pretty stuffed, but I wasn't too impressed. Some of the bottoms were too blackened, and they're really bread-y.Cucumber and garlic: Perfect palate cleanser for all the delicious fried goodness. This dish is from the cold case they have at the side of the restaurant.Atmosphere: Nan Shian is a fairly small restaurant, but it's very clean and newish looking. The hostess, like at all popular and crowded Chinese restaurants, is a bit curt if you want to get a table without your entire party present, but she is also good with the advice, such as letting us know to order the soup dumplings first while we perused the rest of the menu, since they take some time to make. The service was actually pretty good and very attentive.And I feared that by showing up the same day as the Chinese New Year parade, the restaurant wouldn't be able to accommodate us, but we came in at 10:45 a.m., right when a couple of largish groups were leaving, so my friends and I (party of 5) were able to get a table with little problem and without feeling cramped at all.
from what i understand, this place recently expanded and i have proof that they have not worked out the kinks yet. the dumpling house is experiencing major growing pains and unfortunately, i was able to expereince if first hand.the wait for a table was not bad. but it took over an hour for our XLB after we ordered to arrive. i also understand that they make the XLB to order... which i don't get. its the specialty of your gig. make a ton of them so as keep your customers coming back. the quailty of the XLB, once it finally arrived 1 hr 15 mins after we ordered, was good. i will venture to say it is comparable, or perhaps, even better than joe's. but NOT WORTH WAITING an hour for. there are too many other XLB places i want to try.. and until nan shian dumpling house gets their act together, i will not be back.
The wait was ridiculous for a Sunday 2pm meal before heading to LGA airport. The line was out the door and we were promised a ten minute wait that turned into 30-40 minutes. Our group of 5 was split up into 2 groups that was eventually reunited at one table, after much confusion. The hostess was a bit rude under all the chaos in the front of the line, but regardless, the soup dumplings were still very enjoyable. We ordered each kind and there wasn't a single one that I didn't like. I was disappointed when I ordered some noodles to go and they tasted so bland that I would up only eating half the portion.Come for the soup dumplings if you have a lot of time to wait or if there happens to not be a line.I almost missed my flight, but it was worth it (though it was not amazing enough that I would have actually missed my flight, you know what I mean).
in 3 years this place expanded twice....so you know how good it is.do not just try the soup dumplings, their soup noodles are also amazing.be ready for a 20 to 30 min wait on the weekends :)
I recently visited this place with my mother and brother as an alternative to Joe's. before a friend of mine recommended this place and me and since I was in the area and the Yelp reviews were good, I decided to convince my mother to go.We order 2 tiers of the crab + pork soup dumpling and it was all just downhill from there. I randomly got a plain pork bun in mine and my brother had what looked like crab shell/plastic piece in his bun. They were flavorless and very tasteless. The soup inside the buns aren't nearly as good as Joe's and their skin is slightly sweet.We also ordered this bun with marinated beef and scallions. It's suppose to be on a toasted sesame bun but inside it was on a fried scallion pancake. There was 1 slice of meat and too much sauce. All in all it was gross beyond belief. Conclusion - Not amused.
Love this place!  There is almost always a wait but it seems to move quickly.  Skin is thin and the dumplings are juicy.  Other dishes are just okay; I've gotten beef noodle soup and pork with preserved vegetable soup too.  They tend to be on the blander side.  The red bean pastries are very tiny and you only get 6 that are about the size of a big thumb.  The rice wraps are also a little skimpy on the inside compared to other places I've tried.  However, they get 5 stars purely for the amazing xiao long baos!  I usually am very picky about the crab ones and they do a great job with those xiao long baos too.
Hands down! The best place to get shanghai soup dumplings in Flushing... My parents took me to this place for dinner and I loved it. Eventhough the restaurant is small, you know they mean business when the soup dumpling is being made right out of the nook behind the cashier. Prepare to rub elbows with your neighbors since most likely you have to share tables. I would not bring more than 6 pp at a time to this place.The noodles and rice cakes needs more meat... they only give you scraps of the meat in the dish. Just come for the soup dumplings. Thin skin, yummy hot soup inside... perfect consistency in my mouth. I'm salivating just writing this up :X.
Excellent soup dumplings! You can taste how fresh they are.  They are definitly a highlight of eating here, but they are not the only reason to eat there (i don't want anythign else when I go to Joe's). I really love the scallion noodles and the scallion pancakes, both with or without beef (excellent scallion pancakes are really tough to come by!) The rice cakes and other noodle dishes are tasty as well, as are the pork buns! I go quite frequently and am definitly pleased that they've opened up the space next door as well for more seating, even though it means maybe a longer wait for the XLB; the rest of the food comes out quickly, and you can get some cold dishes to help satiate your hunger.
I took some friends from work, and I thought the soup dumplings were great. All of my Chinese friends kept telling me that Joe Shanghai wasn't that good, and I honestly did not have anything to gauge it by. The soup was perfect, not too greasy, and not too over powering. The other dishes were equally good. we had the vegetable dumplings, the scallion pancakes, a turnip dumpling and the Crispy noodles with shredded chicken. If you like soup dumplings, I would highly recommend.
Though it was a long wait (~40minutes), the food was worth it.  My friend and I were seated in between two other groups of people because the entire place was packed, and for good reason.We got the beef noodles, scallion pancake with sliced beef, and soup dumplings.  Everything was very flavorful and the three dishes were very filling for both of us.Service was a bit lax due to the number of customers but our food came out fairly quickly.  I wouldn't recommend it for large groups or dates, especially since you can't make reservations.  However, those who can brave a long wait should definitely give this place a go!
dumplings come out late cause they need to dress up. the anticipation builds loneliness into a bear.
Okay, this is now my 3rd trip and the joy of this place is waning for me.  The XLB are decent but not amazing.  I would still come if you're in the area but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way.
Pretty good food, drab decor, and barely-there service are to be expected of a restaurant in Flushing Chinatown, and this place is no exception. My father went with a meat and bean sauce over noodles, which he enjoyed, and my sister gobbled down a plate of shredded beef with peppers and rice. My brother's beef udon soup was plentiful and far too huge to finish, and I was overall disappointed with my homestyle spicy beancurd; it possessed a strange after taste, gummy mushrooms, and was literally drowned in sauce. However, cheap prices made it worth it.
If you like soup dumpings, COME here forget about the other places such as Joe Shanghai, which is always crowded and overrated in my opinion, this is the one to be at! Great overall food , clean and great fast service, here at Nan Xiang Dumpling House...the prices are amazing and the quality of the food is simply outstanding..tried many dishes from the noodles to the scallion pancakes this is the place to have some authentic Chinese food.  The service may be a tid bit sluggish as their English isn't that great as common with most restaurants in the area , but the food quality and the value defeats it, and always makes me wanna come back here.  I have came here and spent well under $25 and ate well with a group of friends..simply by far as good as it gets here in Flushing, NY when it comes to Chinese food.  Parking maybe a bit tricky but if your patient to wait for a spot across at the municipal come check this place out you don't wanna miss it!
Finally found a restaurant with soup dumplings comparable to Joe Shanghai's.  With that said, can't really say that the soup dumplings here are any better or worse than the ones at Joe Shanghai's. Ordered the pork soup dumplings today and the scallion pancake with beef.  Like the ones at Joe Shanghai's, the soup dumplings here are made with relatively thin skin with just enough soup inside.I really didn't care for the scallion pancake with beef.  The pancake was fried well, but I couldn't really taste the scallions.  I didn't really like the combination with the beef and hoison sauce.  Definitely prefer the scallion pancake at Joe Shanghai's more.All in all, it was not a bad dining experience; although, tables are pretty crammed together here since the restaurant isn't enormous.  Will definitely come back again to try the pork & crab soup dumplings as well as some of the other popular dishes to get a more comprehensive taste for how the food is here overall.
The Soup Dumplings were very good imo. The service was pretty slow and they had no cold water.. Only hot water, wtf am i supposed to do with hot water?take a bath? other than that. The Xiao Long Bao were what made the meal for me. The rest of the food we got(Shanghai noodles, some pan fried dumplings) were only ok. I'd come here again just for the Xiao Long Bao and skip the other stuff. The other cool thing is you actually get to watch them MAKE the Xiao Long Bao. Also the prices are pretty good.
awesome fresh made and well worth the wait.  i mean you gotta wait for these things.  first there is that line of people out the door and then once you order, you gotta wait another 40 minutes for them to make the dumplings and steam em.  dont bother orderign anythign else here.  its really not worth the wait and just tastes average at best.  just come for theose sweet juicy soup dumplings.
After only a 10 minute wait, considering the seemingly long line before us, we were seated, our stroller parked, highchair set up, and food started coming. One dish after another, as if we ordered a tasting menu at one of those fancy restaurants. Crispy dough (our daughter's favorite), spicy shrimp wontons, the famous steaming soup dumplings, pork and cabbage noodle soup... Very tasty and satisfying and energizing and warming, giving us strength to set off through the neverending rain to the nearby Marshall's.
Wait time can be rather long (15-20+min) on weekends and during dinner hours (6pm onward), and that's expected. But the waiting certainly doesn't take away from the delicious food. The pork soup dumplings are incredible. I order my own 6 every time I come here along with the pan fried pork buns. The pork and cabbage soup is very good, too. All noodle and appetizer dishes come out before the soup dumplings, but that's because they're being hand made right in front of everyone (I usually wait about 20-30 min. when it's busy for them to finally come out). The wait and busy service may be a turn off for most people, but that does not take away from the quality of the food when it finally gets to the table. Good food takes time, and no doubt this place has great food.
They have the greatest soup dumplings, a lot better and cheaper than Joe's Shanghai, and the wait time is a LOT shorter than Joe's Shanghai.    Even thought their name is called "noodle house", but their noodles are not that great, so I suggest trying anything but their noodles.    Their appetizers are great, too!
Came here with a friend and fell in love. The soup dumplings are amazing. Don't bring someone on a first date though. They'll enjoy the food but think you're a cheapskate. Yummmm!
I make sure I come here once a month.  Love their crab dumplings.  It's a shame the dumplings are the last items to come out even though I order them before sitting down!  The beef scallion pancakes is their version of peking duck.  So delicious!  Beef wrapped in scallion pancake with hoisin sauce and cucumbers is like a party in my mouth.  Also, I make sure to always order the Shanghai Flat Noodles, theirs is less greasy than the ones at Joe's.  :)
Joe Shanghai and all the other bootleg dumpling houses in the area pale in comparison to the Nan Shian Dumpling House. Granted it is a tiny place (25-30 heads max) and there can be a bit of a wait, but it is definitely worth it. If the winter blues have you down and out, the xiao long baos will cure what ails you. These soup dumplings are made to order  so be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes, this might seem like a long wait just for soup dumplings but once they arrive, you know it wasn't in vain. Additional things to order while waiting for your dumplings to arrive; pan-fried noodles with beef, shanghai fried udon noodles, scallion pancake filled with beef and hoisin sauce,  and the turnip pastry. Their soy-bean milk (hot/cold) tastes really fresh like it was made that morning. The XLBs come in the pork or crab variety and arrive in bamboo steamers lined with napa cabbage  and come with little tongs for picking up the soup dumplings. Definitely the #1 place to try soup dumplings if your in the area
Soup dumplings are very good here. The noodles are decent as well. Haven't tried anything else.
I have to agree with the other reviewers. This place has awesome steamed pork bun dumplings! My parents took me to this place today, and although we had waited over 20 minutes, it was well worth it. We had the steamed pork bun dumplings, soybean drinks (sweet for me, salted for my aunts & mom), rice cake noodles, fried crullers, sesame lotus bun things, and udon noodles.  The rice cake noodle and udon noodles were pretty good. The sesame lotus bun thing, was just okay.  I didn't particularly favor them. The fried crullers were a bit on the chewy side for me, but dipped in the soybean drink it was okay. But again, the steamed pork bun dumplings were the prized dish here! When looking at the buns, you can just see how soupy they are! Picking them up every so delicately - afraid that it might pop before you can drink it. The skin was just perfect on these bad boys - it wasn't too thin where it would burst on you if you did pick it up. And it wasn't thick like other places. The soup inside was just ever so tasty, as it should be! Not dry like other places. It was so good, even my aunts and mom ate the lettuce! (Old school folks) If it wasn't such a long wait, this place would have gotten 5 stars. This place would be perfect if they expanded - they could fit maybe like 5 families at a time. Be prepared to wait on the weekends and holidays!
Used to be really good. Think new owners has different ways to make the soup dumplings.
Soup dumplings are good, comparable to Joe's Shanghai without as much of a wait. The rest of the menu also has a lot to offer, the pancake with the beef. The iced soybean milk (its sweetened). The fried udon noodles and the rice cake with shredded chicken are very greasy but are pretty good too.
I'm a frequent customer and it was rumored that they had a major staff & chef change over the winter. The food is still ok but certainly not as good as before. The juice bun breaks more easily when you pick it up. Noodle is now very salty and the scallion pancake is extremely oily. With all that said, I'll still go to this restaurant because I live close by. If you're coming in from the city just for this then I'll suggest you try something else. This used to be a 5 star but no more.
Oh delicious steam dumplings!!! Where have you been all my life??? Your perfectly balanced flavor center, wrapped in your perfectly balance skin. You have created a special place in my GI tract.I recently discover this place 3 days ago and so far I have eaten nothing but food from this place. I usually order take out because the restaurant is relatively small. There's always a wait or the option of sharing tables.
This is one of my favorite spots in flushing if you aren't looking for dim sum. I recommend the cold wheat gluten and the cold soy bean salad if you want something other than soup dumplings.
Tiny tiny tiny space, but delicious food!The soup dumplings are quite good.  I prefer the soup and pork inside the dumplings here than the fattier-tasting one at Joe's Shanghai.  The dumplings otherwise are shaped, sized and skinned very much like Joe Shanghai's.I also tried the pickled veggie and shredded pork noodle soup.  I love the noodles.  They are silky and chewy and soooo delicious.  There wasn't much pork and too much pickled veggie but I just really love the noodles!I was here on a Sunday for lunch and it was certainly crowded indeed.  There's definitely going to be a bit of a wait but the service is actually quite nice compared to your usual gruff chinatown types.  They tend to run out of a lot of items pretty quickly so if you want to have the full experience of the menu, you might want to go early on the weekends.
i love this place, its a perfect place for breakfast, lunch and dinner! they have the BEST soup dumpling!  but everytime i came here theres always a line! but we get our seats with in 10mins. and i like the rice cake dish!
good food and dumpling, but wait why is it missing a start, well, you can see alot the waiter and waitress running around but no one really care about you........and no, it not because the tips, i always give min. of 4 dollars compare to others only give then 1 or 2 pop.
cold day.  need soup dumplings.  yum.we went here to satisfy our grumbling bellies.  the wait seemed a little long, but not too bad.  (we stopped into white bear down the street while we waited.  i can highly recommend this plan.  for overeaters like us that is.)  in any case we had the pork soup dumplings which were pretty dang good.  definitely some of the best i have ever had.  we also had an order of niengao (rice cakes) with pork and mushroom which was tasty as well.  overall:  taste awesome, friendliness not so much.  but i go for the food not to make buddies.
Excellent dumplings. Beware of the wait - we waited nearly 50 minutes for our dumplings after ordering. Make sure to order other small dishes.
The noodles with scallion sauce was out of this world! $3.50 and well worth a trip from Manhattan.
Pretty good soup dumplings. The essential supporting cast (savory soy bean milk, noodles, potstickers) -- very very very very mediocre. The scallion pancakes are overfried and thus too oily.
This place sucks! Came here with my bf for lunch one day and we are definitely not coming back even if they pay us.  We ordered the jellyfish with turnips, two xiao long baos, and a plate of shanghai noodle. There's a reason why if you want great xiao long baos, joe shanghai is the place to go. The filling fell out of the skin the second i tried picking it up from the steamer. I thought maybe it was my fault, maybe i picked it up too fast. Every one of them had the same problem and when I told the waitress that the juice was leaking onto the table, she had the nerve to say this is why you put the plate underneath the steamer. Well, excuse me! You guys only gave us one plate to begin with AND I didn't expect my xiao long bao to suck. The jellyfish had no flavor whatsoever and the turnip filled most of the plate. The noodle was the best out of everything we ordered. What a waste of money and time.
We were visiting NY in May 2010 and with recommendations from a local we discovered this magnificent establishment.  Mm-mm-mm! Granted I'm no expert when it comes to Xiao Long bao but the ones I had here were like "droplets of heaven".  My husband who has been to Hong Kong agrees too.  I could eat them all day long. In fact, everything we ate here was EXCELLENT.  It was all made before your eyes once you order from the XLB's to the noodle dishes to the green onion pancakes.  I can't wait to come back to Downtown Flushing for more. Such simple dishes but made with fresh, quality ingredients which I feel is what distinguishes this place from others. Undoubtedly, the best XLB's I've ever had the privilege of devouring. The service was fast and efficient which I like especially when I'm hungry.I was so glad there was no wait when we arrived since it was an hour before our Yankee's vs. Mets game.Credit cards accepted! Yeah! Unlike most Chinatown restaurants.
Came here for the first time today and got both the crab xiao long bao and the pork xiao long bao. I was very unimpressed with the quality. With all the high ratings and positive reviews given for this place, we didn't expect to be served duds. The dumplings looked and tasted like they forgot to put in the filling. The skin on the dumplings also broke apart very easily. Couldn't taste the soup either. I'm giving this 2 stars because the service was okay
Camille and I had company  last Saturday....a very good   friend of mine from the 80's joined  us on our weekly Saturday sojoun.......She  had originally called from Virginia, a  couple of weeks ago where she was visitng with her brother's family and wished me a belated birthday and said that when she comes back   in New York that she would  treat me for a belated  lunch or dinner . We met around 3:00 for a late lunch...That was Saturday, July 25..... For the past 2 weeks...,I  have been craving for some Xiao Long Bao....those famous  Shanghai Soup Dumplings   ...and I know exactly where to get them.... Nan Shian Dumpling House on Prince Street...in Flushing..(Chinatown in Queens) ..the specialty of  the house,!!!   looks like a  cute little dumpling but conceals a meatball and a hot  soup within.  As a cook myself,... always wondered how it was made...Did they fill it with syringes...Just kidding...!!!!  ....The trick was  to pinch the dumpling dough around meat jelly carved from chilled, reduced, gelatinous stock.  When the dumplings are steamed, the fillings melts into a rich soup.   We ordered 2 steam baskets of those...comes .6 pcs on each  basket  $6.00, or $ 1.00 each...Very affordable......It comes with a soy sauce, vinegar  and ginger  on the side....The broth was so good and the meatball, delectable..  Looking around ...there are still some people who do not know how to eat it......so here's some pointers....again. ( I have it on my review on Joe's Shanghai)1.  Place dumpling in your soup spoon2.  Bite off the top of the dumpling....3. Carefully Sip the Soup...careful not to get burned4. Now go for the kill....( the yummy part which is the Crab/Pork meat.)5. Season it with the soysauce, vinegar and ginger mixture.6.Savor every bite...These simple directions makes soup dumplings fun and easy to enjoy...We all ordered some noodles on the side...Camille and Eva had the SeafoodNoodle Soup...and I ordered the Sauteed Seaffod Noodle with vegetables....Whew,...Everything came in huge containers...we   hardly  couldn't finish it.....The wait wasn't that bad... we were lucky to get in... in 15 minutes...The waitstaff was pleasant...and the turnover fast...I think I  like it there better there than Joe'sShanghai....Why?   The air is clean It's  not stuffy...Its .cozy ..neat..and the atmosphere., casually nice.......I'll  certainly go back there again ......for both their delicious food and the prices...You can't beat it.......YUYMMY!!!!!!!!!!. ..2. ......
Rrrreeaally delicious soup dumplings.  Tender, savory, unusual, luscious.  Three of us ate and were happy for $25.00.  A few notes for the clueless non-Chinese diner (like myself) to make this very worthwhile stop easier:1.  Actual name of restaurant is "Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao" on sign and menus et al.  2.  Soup dumplings are not listed as such on menu, look under "Shanghai's Dim Sum" section of menu, they are just listed as "Steamed Pork Buns" or "Steamed Crab Meat and Pork Buns".  3.  If you also order some side dishes (recommended) and choose one of the types of rice cake (recommended by some other Yelper), be aware that rice cake looks something like stir-fried slices of water chestnut or very large mushroom.  I embarrassed myself by asking the manager where the rice was.  . . . .Oh, it was good, and I enjoyed it, once I was sure that I wasn't eating another table's order. 4.  Monday night was a great time to eat out!  Lots of parking and easy to get a table.
Best soup dumplings in flushing much better than joes shanghai. Simple menu, not too much stuff but the soup dumplings are enough to drop by and wait in line on the weekends.
Definitely the best soup dumplings I've ever had.  We usually get a rack (6 dumplings) per person.  The noodle dishes are pretty good.  The pork and shitake mushroom w/crispy noodles, beef and rices cakes, or the pork and salted cabbage noodle soup hit the spot.  4.5 stars, losing a half star for the spotty service, but the food makes up for it.
we LOVE coming here.  the dumplings are fresh and hot and full of flavor. the tofu salad is fresh and delicious.as a vegetarian, i thought i wouldn't enjoy it as much as my carnivore boyfriend, but the veg. steamed dumplings are not your everyday veg. steamed dumplings.  and the scallion pancake is ridiculous with that black vinegar.  even the veg noodle soup is pretty good (nothing special mind you), and $5 for 3 dinners' worth.and the prices are awesome.  we can't get here often enough.
If you want Shanghai food and xiao long bao (soup dumplings or juicy buns), this is the place to go in Flushing. Less crowded and less costly than Joe's Shanghai (and with better service), I find my meals here to be quite enjoyable. Comfy is the most appropriate word. The place is tiny, no more than 30-40 folks at a time, so be prepared for waits at peak times.A tasty "Breakfast" menu is available (think scallion pancakes, hot soy milk, crispy dough, and turnip cakes). Fried noodles and Soup noodle dishes are available too.But truly the stars of the meal are the soup dumplings (crab or pork). Get a table in the back and watch the chefs (three nimble fingered women) as they prepare mountains upon mountains of dumpling goodness. Open up your steamer and smile at the sight of six dumplings filled with a lovely broth. Enhance it with the generously supplied ginger-rice vinegar sauce! mmmm....
lunch here was a disaster, mostly because for some reason i thought this was a dimsum place. still, i give it 3stars because the must have soup dumplings are just a-ok. the bamboo shoots, fried noodles and scallion pancakes were good but not worth the 45min wait on Sunday morning. On the bright side, a group of 6 ate until we were full and it was less than $20pp.
the dumplings are very good. but they a long time to come out. and if you ordered other dishes, chances are you will finish those before you get the dumplings. Their other dishes are not quite as good as their dumplings. To me, most of their other dishes was too oily. so try to keep it light. The place is really small so be prepared to wait if you come during the weekends or dinner time.
last night in NYC and we settle on this dumpling place. the food here is totally worth the wait...so don't be scared away by the line. .: jelly fish + daikon...there was more daikon than jelly fish. made me kind of sad but it was still well pickled. .: the crab meat XLB here were a little taste of heaven. the skin wasn't too thin so that it'd break upon removal. and it wasn't super chewy. the soup had good strong flavors. the meat, tender. delicious. these take a while to prepare though so make sure you get your order in fast!.: veggie dumplings. i needed to meet my vegetable quota for the meal. jk. it was tasty, but very normal dumplings. .: nien gao (seafood fried rice cake). great texture, wasn't over cooked...it was everything i could have hoped for. .: scallion pancake + beef. yes. beef makes everything better. don't pass up on the red meat. its got a sauce and its wrapped like a sandwich for super yummy goodness.
Legitimate xiao long bao here, guys... Watch out for the dumpling squirts!
A cozy little place in Flushing. I love how they make everything here tastes so goood. The soy milk drink and seafood noodle soup is the bomb. The xiao long bao tasted juicy. The only thing I find there that was lacking is a restroom. Still I will definitely come back to try again.
What we ordered:Soup dumplings that were juicy and didn't burst.Scallion Cake that was fluffyPan friend dumplingsScallion Cake & Sliced BeefBeef Noodle SoupWait time for seating was under 5 minutes on a Sunday at around noon. Food was good! The only thing I did not like was the beef noodle soup - but it probably was not the "beef noodle soup" I was looking for (niu ro mien). But 3 stars only because it's in Queens and I live in Brooklyn.
Food IS good. Service is decent. Doesn't take reservations, so may have wait for a while.
Good soup dumplings and good prices.  The crab meat ones are only a dollar more, but there isn't that much crab meat.  I still prefer Joe Shanghai for soup dumplings, but this is a good place to go to for if you are looking for a quick breakfast and have a craving for soy milk, fried cruellers, etc.  Don't expect good service...its a chinese "fast food" place...just enjoy the food and bug the waitresses until they finally give you what you want.   Aside from the soup dumplings, I usually get the salty soy milk, fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried crueller.
Visiting my friends for just a short weekend, the one thing I needed to get was Xiao Long Bao. They said they new exactly where to take me and I couldn't be more pleased!Coming from San Jose, CA, where the Asian food is pretty good also, this place had a pretty high bar to beat already. Soup dumplings were chock full of delicious soup and served piping hot!!! What we ordered: - 1 order pork soup dumplings - YES!! - 2 orders of crab soup dumplings - YES YES!! - Rice cake with beef - Wontons in spicy sauce - Scallion beef pancakeThis small store had a line out the door by about 11am so get there early. Don't expect stellar service, but do expect stellar food!!! I'll be back during my next trip to NY in October.
best Xiao Long Bao i've ever had
Well, after trying some of the hole-in-the-wall eateries in Flushing it was a pleasure to experience a nice restaurant with air conditioning and a clean environment.  Complimentary tea brought to the table immediately was a nice touch.  You do need to wait for your food but it will arrive piping hot.  Of course I tried the soup dumplings.  The 6 were more than I could handle for lunch and by the time I had #5 it was already getting cold and you need to eat these while they are hot.  A very lovely Chinese lady was sitting at the next table with her mother(?) and she became my advocate in the restaurant and made sure I received good service. We ordered at the same time and their food arrived a lot sooner than mine.  She was more concerned than I was.  The waiter explained that they got the last of the batch and I would be first when the next one was ready.  Although it was a pleasant experience and the other food served looked appetizing, I must say that the dumplings were not the best I've ever had and don't think I'd make a special trip for them.  I have yet to become a fan of Flushing Chinese food. None of the places I've been to live up to their Yelp raves.  I'm happier with my neighborhood places.
This place has the best xiaolongbao (soup dumpling, ) I have ever tasted.  I came here many times.  The dumpling are made fresh by 2 persons in front of you.   The skin is thin and yet strong enough to contain the soup inside the bun without leaking.  I never had one with broken skin.  Since they are freshly made, there is a bit of the wait but it is worth every minute of it.  I prefer the normal xiaolongbao here, not the one with crab (Joe's Shanghai has the best crab xiaolongbao).  The other item I like is shengjian bao (raw-fried buns, ), which requires 20 min wait time as they also make this fresh.
I went to this place again yesterday and I ate too much because I could not help myself. The food is great. My friends and I always come to this place because it's never disappointing!  Great "hon-sau niu ro mien"-- beef noodles in soup!!! mmmm it's yummy! The noodles are extra chewy and they compliment the soup perfectly.  The other taiwanese dishes/appetizers are good too.  I've had the scallion pancakes, oyster pancake, and soybean milk with "yo-tiao." This place is pretty small and it gets really busy between 11AM- 1PM, so if you go with more than 4 people, you may have to wait so that they can combine tables.  It's worth the wait because the service is fast and the food is delicious.
Love steamed dumplings and bean cart appetizer. You should order steamed dumplings earlier because it will take time to cook.
The service was friendly and nice.  Their Pan Fried Pork Bun is awesome.   I throw in more stars this time since i did enjoy the service and the food.  Highly recommended.
the food is pretty good and cheap. i went with a huge group of people couldn't fit everyone but it was cool because we was starving and busying eating everything on sight...
Good place for soup dumplings. I like how they keep their menu small and compact and most of the dishes are pretty solid in the taste department. There is usually a line especially on weekend mornings and afternoons. But it's well worth the wait.
Excellent XLB however please note you will have to wait to get a seat and wait again for quite a while to get your order.  You may also have to sit shoulder to shoulder with some people you don't know.  Therefore if you want great XLB and don't mind waiting or sitting uncomfortably, you should check this place out.
Average food, unsanitary bathroom. Soup dumpling is okay and the rest is below average. Don't understand why people would wait for this restaurant, not worth my time.....
been here a couple of times and awaiting to go back again. The xiao long baos were delectable and the prices are amazing compared to Joes Shanghai. However the one with the crab meat I still prefer Joes more. But nonetheless, this place is good
Okay dumplings and northern dim sum.  for some reason, we keep coming back here and havent tried the other flushing dumpling places.
I came here for one reason - Taiwanese breakfast so this review does NOT apply to dumplings.  My husband is Taiwanese and we've often had Taiwanese breakfasts in Taipei so we were excited when we saw they offered this in the menu.  We ordered salty soy bean milk, pancake w beef and salty sticky rice.  The soy was ok but lukewarm and the dried shrimps overpowered the flavor.  The beef was wrapped in a shanghai scallion pancake instead of the traditional taiwanese wrap and the sticky rice was so dry it was hard to chew - the filling was non-existent.  When the waitress took down our order, she asked if we wanted pork buns and we said no - from there the service was pretty non-existent - maybe b/c we didnt order a lot or just didnt order what they expected.  Maybe the dumplings would have been the preferred choice but I wish they didnt offer a menu of cuisine that is mediocre.
The steamed pork buns are completely unmissable, they are like soup dumplings with the most incredible broth inside. Didn't have to wait too long and although they took about 30 minutes to come out, totally worth it. I just wish I had ordered more!
Places that are open late are a big thing for me currently.  They say they are open to 11:30PM on weekdays...in my experience they sometimes tend to close earlier, but they are open until a decent time.As people here have said, the service here is fair to average, and more towards the fair side.  It is not horrible, but it is not great either.We ordered Shanghai dim sum -  steamed crab meat and pork buns, Shai Mai, and steamed vegetable dumplings.  I ordered Udon noodles also.I am used to the Udon garbage you get at delis in Manhattan during lunchtime.  This Udon was much, much better.  It was my favorite thing there.Second best was the Shu Mai.  I'm used to Japanese shrimp shu mai, but the Shanghai shumai, which I believe is pork, was good.  It was very juicy, which was fine with me.The steamed crab meat and pork buns were somewhere between edible and average.  They were OK, but not great.The steamed vegetable dumplings were not to my taste at all.  We each had one, and left three on the plate since no one else wanted one.This is in downtown Flushing, not sure about the parking situation to get here - we parked a few blocks away and walked, we didn't spend that much time looking for a better spot.
My experience with this restaurant was weird. The first time was amazing the vegetarian dumplings were just amazing, even though I am not an vegetarian. The next day I came back to it restaurant and also brought some friends with me. The dumplings that we ordered weren't fully cooked, and we all had stomachache afterwards.
Having been here on a sunday brunch tour with friends (we decided to hit multiple places because we couldn't decide what we all wanted), we only ordered 2 things, the beef in scallion pancake and the soup dumplings. Now everyone here is going to compare these to Joe Shanghai, so let's get to that right now. I prefer these. Both are equally tasty and flavorful. Why then? It's the right amount gelatin for me. For those who don't know, gelatin is what makes stew lip smackingly good. It's also a technique on how to make soup dumplings (so I've been told by almighty Google when looking for a recipe). Too little and you can't construct a proper soup dumpling, too much and it almost has a glue-like taste. I find this is just the right amount for me. Also, they don't skimp on ginger in the soy sauce here, something I absolutely love with my dumplings. The beef in scallion pancake is also fried here as opposed to Nan Be Hur, and honestly, that's also a matter of opinion and want at the time. Want something crunchier? Nan Xiang, feel a bit like a soft wrap? Nan Be Hur. I really would have to say it'll depend on my mood as to which is better for that. I have to come back to try more though as there's plenty left on the menu.
I like this place.I don't know what accounts to be "good" Shanghainese food and I don't even know if this is considered to be actual Shanghainese food. But I do like the food.- The seafood crispy [pan fried] noodles, a common Cantonese dish, was large in portion and delicious for just $10. I really like the amounts of fish they had in the dish as well.- The beef pancake was interesting. It was basically peking duck but with beef and a crispy outer shell. Worth a try.- The soy milk was good. I've had better but I like that this was homemade.- The xiao long baos/soup dumplings however, were a little bland in my opinion, at least compared to the ones I've had in the past. I'm not sure if that means it's more "healthier", meaning less MSG, but it is popular. However, both the pork and the pork & crabmeat one tasted the same to me... And for the price you're paying, you only get 6 soup dumplings whereas most places in Chinatown give you 8. That might just be a Flushing thing though...- The cold dish appetizer, spicy beef & tripe, was good. I liked it, but definitely overpriced.- And last, the seafood udon was exactly the same as the seafood crispy noodles, but instead of crispy noodles, its udon. It was average. I liked it, but I wouldn't say there was anything special to it. I know they serve pan fried udon in many Shanghai restaurants, so again, I'm speaking as someone who doesn't know what's considered "good" Shanghainese food.Despite little niches, overall, I like this place.
i guess i havent reviewed this place yet. i had the pork buns, crab meat buns, spicy beef tripe, seaweed & garlic, pig ear, bean curd with mixed vegetables. the buns were alright. they werent spectacular, i like the run of the mill hole in the wall kind of restaurant's better. they know how to make good food. i got some decent cold appetizer but they wouldnt let me mix 5 varieties in one plate. i only wanted a taste of everything. i ended up eating all the pig ears because my friend doesnt like it. the best appetizers that stood out from what i got were the cucumber, and the sweet bean curd and veggies.
This place rivals Joe's shanghai, which used to be better imo. The Soup dumplings are great. Other foods are just so so. Service can be better as well.
Yeh, believe the hype. The soup dumplings are good. Thin-skinned and translucent almost, they pack a lot of soupy pork flavor that's better than Joe's Shanghai about 2 blocks away. I can only come here on weekends and it's always packed but for me, it's worth the wait to sit next to total strangers and eat soup dumplings. If you come here with only one other person, they'll seat your party of two with complete strangers but that's alright. Make new friends or whatever.  I tried a noodle dish with vegetables after having my allotment of dumplings at one visit. I don't even remember exactly what noodles I ordered but that was good too. Generally however, I would only come here for the soup dumplings and eating anything else would be wasting stomach space.
As a Shanghainess,I think the dumpling is not delicious,but this tastes better than the LuMingChun . Before the new chief was coming, the spicy beef noodle is nice yummy.
Went there for the first time and I loved it.  The service is not so great, but the food more then makes up for it.Had the Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings and the Veggie Dumplings.  They were really good.  Also had the Bean Curd which is shredded thin, with mixed Vegetable.  It was good, but the only vegetable in it was cilantro.  I would probably get it again though.  I went on a Sunday night so it wasn't too crowded.   Next time I want to try the fried Udon, it looked really good.  Can't wait to go back!
I love the food here.  Don't expect great service though and always a wait if you go at a busy hour.  The cold dishes are highly recommended, I always get the spicy beef and tripe, pig ear, and bamboo shoots.  The scallion pancake with beef is really good too!  I love the broth of the soup dumplings (doesn't leave me super thirsty afterwards like joe's shanghai does...).  The noodle soups are great as well if soup dumplings don't fill you up.  Regardless of the waiting and inconsistent service I always come back because the food is too good!
God in heaven. Soup dumplings such as these can't be had outside Shanghai. Good in a way I can't describe in words. It makes me want to quit my job and move back to NY just so I can be close to them. So damn good!
On a cold, winter day, you want to come here to warm up.  Their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are AMAZING.  Perfectly soupy, they're Chinese comfort food at its best.  They also do a great pork chop noodle soup, which for under $5, comes with about 3 pork chops, bok choy, and enough noodles to feed a small family.  Note: You may not be able to order from their "breakfast" items list all day long (which is often sad when you're there for dinner), but they almost always have the (1) scallion pancake with beef which they serve thinly coated with savory peking duck sauce, and (2) red bean puffs, which I always order to serve as dessert.  Flaky and rich, they're a happy ending to a happy meal.
For a Shanghainese gal far far away from Shanghai, this place gets as close as it gets to traditional Shanghainese snacks.  Their xiaolongbao here are very good.  In comparison to Joe's Shanghai the soup inside is not as greasy and heavy, which I prefer.  The soup noodles and stir fried noodles here are all very good too.  I had the the fish with preserved vegetables noodles and the soup was very delicately flavored, savory and light, just the way Shanghainese noodles taste.  The turnip crisp is the best dish here.  These small crispy layered pastries are filled with a delicious blend of turnips and pork.  One defining trait of Shanghainese cooking is that they add sugar to all their dishes.  I think for palates that are not used to this, the food here can taste a bit off.  However if you're used to this then Nan Shian is about as good as it gets in New York.
heard alot about the place... decided to stop by while on vacation in NYC... Soup dumplings is good stuff better than joe shanghai!! Also ate their spicy beef appetizer.. that made my day!! will definately come back if i am in NY again :D oh yea the fried bread thingy majigy is delish too
The little dragon buns are AWESOME!  You have to get it with the crab meat but if you're allergic to crab meat then I feel sorry for you! heh heh.  Make sure you order the buns as soon as you are seated since it can take a long time especially if the place it crowded.  I think I have waited 20-30 minutes for the buns -- I almost finished all my other food when the buns came out but it's soo delicious -- it's worth the wait.  The rest of the menu is quite tasty.  The soup noodles all have good flavor but I like the pan fried noodles there.  Oh -- You have try their like turnip puffs -- it looks really plain but trust me -- it's very tasty!  I do wish they add some rice dishes even if it's just fried rice or something.
Awesome food. I guess this place is really popular but my friend and I stumbled upon it by chance a couple of months back after shopping at the asian market.. We went back today and thankfully both times we were able to get seats without a wait. We've tried the dry noodle dishes, the scallion pancake, noodle soup and veggie dumplings. I wish I could try more stuff at once but the portions are so huge that we cannot really eat more. Both times we ordered two different types of dumplings/wontons and both times they forgot to bring one which is a little disappointing but it worked out for the best since we were really really stuffed and def. didn't need an extra dish. Pretty fast service and nice clean atmosphere. It is a very very affordable place and most dishes are family size so definitely do not order a bunch of stuff at once.  i am in love with the vegetarian dumplings, I love love the filling and am dying to find what's in there. Please share!
Amazingly Delicious soup dumplings!  Some of the best i've had in nyc.  Decent fried udon noodle too.
Their soup dumplings are great! Probably the best soup dumpings I have ever had in NYC. It's amazing how much soup they can fit inside the thin skin with the meat.  Their fried noodle dishes are very good as well.  The service was quick and attentive.  I guess it helps to be Asian and speak Mandarin :p.  This place can get crowded on the weekends.  The best times to go are between 11am and noon or after the lunch rush.
It's the best  Xiao Lng Bao.  Their Chinese onion pancake worth a try too. get there before 12 otherwise, expect to see the line.  I went there around 11:45, waited 5 minutes for a table.
These were really soupy soup dumplings.  I can't say I was a fan of the plain pork soup dumplings, but the crab and pork dumplings were quite delicious.  If I find myself in Flushing again, I'd just order the crab and pork dumplings.
Mmm...the pork xiao long bao is so yummy.  The skin is not as resilient as Din Tai Fung (in CA) but the broth and pork inside makes up for it.  The cold tofu/mushroom dish, scallion pancake, and chive boxes are also very good.  They come out piping hot and fresh.  Eating all these with a cold cup of homemade soybean milk makes it perfect.  Yum yum.
Pork soup dumplings are awesome.  I'm a huge fan of crab, but the crab  in the crab dumplings is just not good.  Stick with the pork only ones.  By the way, these should come with instructions.  You don't want to lose the soup, so take a bite off the top, suck the soup up, and eat the rest in a bite or two.  Awesome!
This place has some good tasting crabmeat xiao long bao, the regular xiao long bao is too much white pepper taste.  i didnt try anything else cause i just went there to try the buns. definitely a great place to stop by but be prepared to wait the place is soooo small.
i only had the soup dumplings here....and they were good....better than joe shanghai and better than shanghai cafe in Manhattan.the skin is the right texture, the soup is not super greasy like joe's, and the meat....tastes like meat.  like it comes apart. the soup dumps taste fresh and you can see the ladies making them in front of you.....so you can catch them if they try to dig for a booger or scratch their a$$, then wrap the dumplings....potentially adding "special ingredients".
While the soup dumplings are excellent, try the scallion noodles.  They are my favorite dish from this place.  The sauce and the fried scallions are on the bottom of the bowl, so be sure to flip the clump of noodles over and give it a good toss.  You'll love it!!!!
I was there with family for dinner sometime in August 2009.  We had ordered cold appetizers which included, cucumbers, seaweed strips, tofu strips and some type of tofu.  We also shared pork chops (two pieces) with noodle soup.  The noodles were very good and the noodles and the soup was not oily.  Usually at other places, the noodles are soggy or it is too hard.  There noodles are just perfect!  The xiao long bao and the fried pork buns were amazing.  I had to finish the meal with a cold soy milk.  Yummy to everything we had ordered that evening.The restaurant is small and there was about a 30 minute wait for a table.  Even though there was a wait, it was worth it.  I cant stop thinking of their food.  Yum!!!
the steam buns were great but the service was very poor. and it's always filled up with customers and you will have to share a table with others.
cold appetizers taste bland ,fried noodle very greasy, the only thing i like from here is their soup dumpling and their beef noddle , service hit and miss , one waitress nice and the rest just plain ignorant, my worst experience , came at dinner time with my husband and my kids , crowd as usual , went to hostess table/register to ask table for 3 , he ( middle age guy , look like the owner ) just look the other way and ignore me , i ask 3 times and when i saw  a waitress pass by , i ask her table for 3 , she immediately seat me ( what the hell with that ? )
Honestly, I don't see what's so special about this place.  The soup dumplings are good, but then again, I don't think they're different from soup dumplings I've had anywhere else.   Price is the same...  Their noodles (we had the salted cabbage/pork and pork chop noodles) are good, but not anything tastebud popping.  When I see the line for this place sometimes, it's an automatic turn off anyway.  Why wait in line when I could go down the street to Taste of Shanghai and have the same quality food?
Well worth the wait. Made on the spot, both the pork and crab xiao long bao were excellent. We ordered 6 orders of 6 for the 5 of us, and left full and happy. Make sure you order enough.
yes to crab and pork soup dumpings (xiao long bao) and amazing red chili wontons (hong you chao shou) in peanut sesame paste. epitome of Chinese soul food
Really worth the hourlong train ride . Best soup dumplings I've ever had.
Poor service.  But I remember worse years back.  I just don't understand why the wait staff has, I mean, has to be so sullen all the time.  The male staff seemed better at least a couple weeks ago--that's why I suggested to go back.  The food is OKAY.  Last night I went with a small group of people all six of us.  We ordered a shredded chicken over fried noodles.  The dish came with plenty of straw mushrooms but there were not a shred of chicken.  If there were some or even one shred of chicken I wouldn't bother to ask because in my mind I thought they made a mistake by giving us a vegetarian dish.  But the woman waitress just shot back yes it's shredded chicken over fried noodles and quickly went away.  Then we asked the guy who took our order.  He examined the dish thoroughly without saying a word and then just took the dish away.  I mean what's wrong with these people.  Was I complaining there was not enough chicken, no, we were just politely asking if they gave us the right dish.  There was absolutely no chicken, they made a mistake.  Yet they never ever say a word of sorry.  Where is the hospitality?  I would not go back for some time if ever.
OK, this restaurant rivals some of the best Shanghainese restaurants in Vancouver, BC!!!  So that's pretty darn good!  Let me warn you that this style meal is CARB HEAVEN, so if you are on the Adkins diet...go out the door.  The soup dumplings are amazing (be careful when taking the first bite...the soup will burn your mouth, be sure not to spill any of the juicyness..take the first bite from the top, then pour a little bit of the ginger sauce inside....mmm.  Don't forget about the appetizers (cucumber, seaweed-a little spicy in a good way, shredded tofu-awesome!).  I was excited to see that we could order the salty sticky rice roll during dinner, though its typically a breakfast item!  The stir fried rice cake with shredded pork and shitake mushrooms was definitely a PARTAY in my mouth...I wanted MORE please!!!  Unfortunately I had to share :(  Definitely worth trying everything on the menu...fyi, I've had better onion pancakes, however, its still pretty good here.
I had a spicy beef noodle soup, which was good, but not extraordinary. It wasn't that spicy, and while the broth was well-seasoned, it could use some interesting spices or something else to make it more unique. There is better fare in Flushing.
I only went here for the soup dumplings based upon other reviewers, and I can't say I was too impressed.  When I read that this place was called "Nanxiang,"  I thought maybe it would be more similar to the Shanghai soup dumplings than Joe's Shanghai.  They aren't.  The soup dumplings are large and soupy with thin but weak skin.  Real Shanghai dumplings tend to be small, less soupy, with thin yet tight and strong skin.  Also, the soup is very tasty in Shanghai.  I'm sorry to say this but Noodle House dumplings are far from home as their taste is like a bao tze with water.  Definitely lighter than Joe's Shanghai's soup, but Joe's taste is still closer to home (though still a longshot from Shanghai's true dumplings).
The recently add more space, but there's still a waiting line outside at lunch and dinner time. Despite the 3/5 service, the food here is fantastic and completely affordable!
The xiao lung bao here is... drums rolling... the best I have had on the east coast.  I have tasted xiao lung bao at many places including Joe's Shanghai and I will tell you why I think these are the best.  First they are always made fresh.  You see these ladies that stand around and wrap them all day long.  Second it's the perfect wrap to filling ratio, not too big, not too small.  The wrapper is just thick enough so the dumplings don't break when you pick them up and just thin enough that it's not over-powering your experience.  The filling - I have only ordered the crab pork variety here - is just right, not too greasy, so tasty and delicious.  The soup is plentiful and not sticky like that at Joe's Shanghai.  It doesn't hurt when you get your dumplings they are always hot off the steamer and just oh such a wonderful experience.  The other dishes are good, but not exceptional.  Services is so so typical simple Chinese restaurant.  I would go all the way out to Flushing just to tasty these wonderful xiao lung bao.
This place is great.  The dumpling (shao long bao) are made to order.  So it's none of the frozen stuff you get in the other places.  The stir fry rice cakes are great too.  They also have fresh soy milk, rice rolls (fan tuan), and fresh noodles.
If you are looking for soup dumplings, this is a very good choice.  I came here with a friend of mine and we ordered one order of normal pork soup dumplings, an order of pork and crab soup dumplings, the pork chop noodle soup, and the 5 spice beef wrapped in scallion pancake.  The scallion pancake beef wrap, a favorite dish that I've had many times in different restaurants, was good but nothing spectacular, as the ratio of pancake to beef was around 4:1 and the pancake consistency was chewier than I would've liked with less crispiness on the outside (honestly, it was more like half scallion pancake and half xao bing).  The noodles were excellent in consistency, the soup broth was delicate but still decently flavorful; unfortunately the pork chops were served in the soup so they did not preserve the crispy goodness of having just come out of the fryer, but were seasoned well.  Lastly, the soup dumplings were very good to excellent, not too greasy with good flavor, I think actually better than the ones I've had at Din Tai Fung in Arcadia.  Prepare to be seated next to strangers and bring cash since plastic is not accepted. Overall, a solid choice for soup dumplings.
Love their soupy dumplings & pork chop noodle soup!  They recently purchased the area next door, so no more lines.
Yummy soupy bons, chinese name Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao
A great place for Shanghainese breakfast. They have dou jiang (hot soybean milk- salty or sweet), youtiao (chinese doughnut/ fried crueller), ci fan tuan (sticky rice burrito with youtiao and rousong), and of course, xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I agree with another reviewer that it can't compare to what you can find in Shanghai, but it's the best so far that I've had in New York.
I finally found soup dumplings better than the over expensive, tourist-laden, Joe's Shanghai =).  The dumplings had just the right amount of skin and soup and tasted amazing.  Not to mention most things in the place go for under $7 including the shanghai pan fried noodles and the portions are huge.  I need to come back here to try their breakfast items--sweet soy bean milk and crispy dough ...yumm
xiao long bao were good. spicy pork slices with tripe was also very good. would come back again and try the other dishes.
this is the most authentic shanghainese restaurant i've been to in new york. i love the scallion noodles and turnip buns (not sure what they're really called in english- "luo buo shi bing"), and everyone loves the soup dumplings (i don't eat meat so i can't say!). i take my shanghainese family here when they visit and they love it. tastes just like shanghai, but less greasy!
so i went to nan shian dumpling house (aka noodle house) for lunch and wasn't too impressed with the food here. got the cucumber w/garlic and bamboo shoots as cold appetizers. both didn't have much flavor. we ordered 3 baskets of plain dumplings. took awhile for them to steam it. when it came, we discovered it was the crabmeat dumplings. pointed this out to the waitress who replied..it's only a dollar difference per basket. excuse me but that's not the point. we didn't order this. instead of saying sorry or changing it to plain, you make it sound like we're being cheap. well, then why don't you take $3 off our bill? oh but of course not, she insisted we ordered the wrong dumplings. whatever. the dumplings are good though, seems to have more meat that joe shanghai. the sweet/cold soybean milk barely had any soybean flavor, felt like i was drinking mostly sugar water. i'd go back next time and order different dishes and make the waitress repeat the order back to me.
This is the best soup dumpling outside Shanghai.  It really is.  My family is from that region, and we have been looking for good soup dumplings for a long time.  We've tried Joe's and that place is god awful.  This gem of a restaurant has the juiciest soup dumping ever.  That little dumpling will over a chinese spoonful of liquid.  The meat is very tender and tasty, and the soup is succulent, and not greasy.  I just love this place.  The other items are very good as well, scallion pancake, beef noodle soup, the scallion noodles and rice cake.  The wait is the only drawback, as it's long!  The place is tiny, maybe 30 people and often there is a line of people waiting outside at any given time.  I recommend going there early on the weekends, like at 10:30 when it opens.  Everyone I've ever taken to this place, tells me after they've tried their first dumping, 'WOW THAT WAS YUMMY!'   Enuff said.
