the best Omakase, the best service, the best conversation we ever had in Flushing, Queens.We had lot of Omakase in Manhattan, not much in Queens, so far, this place is definitely the best of Sushi place in Queens. The fish, the food are so fresh, very creative dishes, it really worth every penny we spent. We will be back again for seasonal dishes. Highly recommend if you love sushi and you love great conversation, most importantly, you love to share the great sushi with your family member including the young kids.. this place is kid very friendly! Must Try!
This place use to be Sushi You. They changed the sushi bar to be more traditional but the table arrangement is pretty much the same. We were a party of four, so we called early afternoon to reserve seats for omakase for the same night. We all opted for the $115 set that comes with everything on the $95 set, plus a handroll and the wagyu beef.First off, we were served our appetizer: monk fish liver (I'm not a fan of the texture), something that was like fish brain (it was creamy, stale tasting, really gross), and oysters (these were good). Then we were served a bowl with a piece of uni, botan ebi and salmon roe. After the appetizers, we waited about 20 mins before we were served our nigiris because it took the chef awhile to prepare every fish. I did not enjoy this part because I felt like we were rushed once the nigiri portion began. We did not have time to take pictures of the pieces and the chef did not seem patient. When one of us was finish with one piece of sushi, he would already serve them the next piece, so he did not wait for the others to finish. I have personally went to omakase that is suppose to be a 30 mins experience, which they sort of rush you a bit because each time slot is timed, which is totally understandable. However, this was suppose to be an 90 mins experience and there was only us at the omakase table and four ladies, who were already having dessert when we got there. The main reason why I am giving two stars is because the sushi rice was so vinegary that all I could taste was rice vinegar. It was absolutely gross and I am a type of person that enjoys freshly grated wasabi, not to place on the sushi, but to taste it a bit between the nigiri pieces, however, they did not provide wasabi on our plates (something I'm not use to). Also, the dessert was so cheap... it was "black sesame panna cotta" (it is black sesame paste with some gelatin - the black sesame was not mixed very well, so the black sesame is all just settled on the bottom), two small pieces of honeydew and Asian pear. We also ordered a bottle of large sake and we all paid $165/person with tip and tax included. We all left unsatisfied.Another thing, that bothered me was that they did not ask us whether we would like to opt out of certain pieces (I don't like mackerel) and whether we had allergies to anything (2 of us were allergic to honeydew and pears). I can see potential in this place, but they need to have more outgoing sushi chefs that actually tells their guests what they are serving. After almost each piece, we had to ask the chef what type of fish this is. Each time, he would tell us in Japanese, but what is it in English? The chef was Chinese so he could of told us in Chinese as well.. I really wanted to like this place, so I would not have to travel to Manhattan for omakase.
Where do I even begin? ... If you've read the other reviews, yes, it's a basement type restaurant but interior looks much better than exterior.  The phrase goes, never judge a book by it's cover. There is a long staircase that goes down and when you enter it's like you're somewhere else, Japan? Lol. We had reservations for 7:30 but they called us and kindly let us know it was booked and if we didn't mind they would love to serve us at 6 so we went in at 6 pm. Greeted right away, seated right at the front and brought teas. It was a green matcha tea. My cup of tea was always warm and filled, which I loved. I never had to ask for anything. We went in knowing what we wanted already my husband has the sashimi Omakase and I had the sushi sashimi Omakase, both were 145$ each. I love a little bit of rice with my sushi so I definitely loved my sushi sashimi Omakase, your meal is a little longer if you get sushi sashimi. Everything is brought out in orderly fashion, appetizers were delicious! I especially loved the liver that sort of looked like a sweet potato piece, lol. Will attach photos. The Toro, eel and uni were some of my favorites. Everything just melts in your mouth, the steak too! Also wanted to mention there is no fish taste at all. The service is also great! Everyone is interacting with you, the chef, to waitress to even the gentleman who might be the owner, I'm not sure or the manager, lol. But they all are very kind and talk to you and tell you to ask for anything or if you need explaining, just ask, or like us if you are not sure what to do or where to begin. Honestly was a bit intimidated by the sashimi bowl because I didn't know where to begin, lol. It was also amazing to sit front row and watch the chef prepare everything, that was my very first time and it was amazing watching how intricatly the chef makes each nigiri.  This will be my favorite high end sushi spot from here on out. Also this is my first time ever doing sushi Omakase style with my husband. We both loved the experience and had a very pleasant wedding anniversary dinner. Definitely worth the price you pay for experience and for what you get.
Came here with my friend and we did the omakase. I was bit disappointed in the appetizers .  We had monkfish liver, tuna taretare with quail egg, snail, steam egg. I wasn't really feeling the texture and taste of the monkfish liver . I felt the tuna taretare was nothing special . The nigiri pieces were decent. Fish was overall fresh.  My favorite had to be the wagyu beef and toro.  Both were really good and would melt in your mouth . Price is not too bad. $115 per person. Service was good . Sushi chef was personable. Would I come back ? I don't think so. I had better in the city for about the same price .
This is another hidden gem in flushing for fresh sushi. I would say iki restaurant is number one and this place is number 2 for omakasu. The sashimi is fresh that is a very important aspect. It's worth it getting the omakasu than just ordering different things on the menu. The place is small and intimate.   I would not mind coming back here.
Located in the basement of an alley that's mostly filled with bars, Kakurega stands true to its name, which means Hiding Place. The interior is quite a contrast to the outside as well, with a comfortable sushi counter that can seat up to around 14 people. (There are also chargers and bag hangers around the counter!) We got the lower tier Omakase, priced at 115$, which was enough to fill us up. (I eat a lot too...) The price is a little more expensive than other sushi places in Flushing, but then the quality is also significantly better.  From what we heard from the chef, all of the fishes are from Japan, they also use top quality rice and other ingredients.  The sushi is on par with some of the top omakase places in the City, the appetizers were great as well.  I really liked the A5 Miyazaki wagyu + the conch shell. (Though I think they might've changed the menu  by now.) Given that it is a new place, there are still some kinks that they need to work out, but overall it is a great addition to the queens sushi scene.
Really disappointed despite all the hype with this place. It's location doesn't really matter to us as long as they serve dishes that were up to par. We went with the $115 omakase menu. However starting with the appetizer itself, I was disappointed. Firsly, their kumamoto oysters itself with the sauce were a tad too salty. Their 10 pcs sushi were honestly-speaking ordinary level. Nothing too over the top.  Service was ok, the place wasn't fully seated.All in all, for the price, food was just average. Would not come again. There is much better  place around NYC for the price.
I went for my birthday and I enjoyed it. I've had better omakase but this place was good too.
Awesome place. Very low key but a great ambience. The sushi was very traditional. Definitely the best I've ever had.
Hi! I'm a 9 year old girl, and I think that Kakurega Sushi is a wonderful place. It is a restaurant that is located in a basement. The food is really amazing. My dad ordered the A5 Miyazaki beef tataki, and it tasted splendid. I tried it also, and wanted to give it 5 stars immediately!Dessert is very tasty. I ordered pannacotta, and I thought it's not too sweet and not too boring. After that, the chef gave us 2 types of egg custards - Tokyo kind and regular. They both tasted equally yummy, so it didn't really matter.
A sushi gem in flushing. As of now, it is the most authentic sushi spot I have found in flushing.  Clean and simple decor. Friendly service.  Better than some of the most expansive spots in the city.  My dad had the sashimi entree.  Toro and botan ebi are must orders.  They also have hairy crab.  But need to call ahead to order because they are flying it in from Japan. The restaurant currently does not have a liquor license, but you can BYOB.
New found hidden gem (after all, its name means "hidden place" in Japanese) !! The speakeasy offers premium quality Omakase and sake. We made a reservation in advance for seat at the bar (feels privileged to be watching the chefs prepping my food up close), later on we found out that walk-ins are welcome too. We went for the Sushi & Sashimi Omakase. This is not your ordinary Japanese take-out restaurant,  promise it's worth the money, from the first course till the last course, my taste-buds were like they went on a roller coaster ride. Fish are so fresh I could taste the sea and so fat that they melted in my mouth, makes a huge difference when it's flown from Japan on a weekly basis. As for the uni & salmon roe, they are unbelievably mind-blowing delicious, personally I love the sensation when the salmon roe sac burst in my mouth, i savored every piece of the roe. As for the sushi, they offered fish that most of us have not heard before, and each fish is as fresh as it gets. And pay attention to the miso soup (yes, because they are not from instant-sachet), they are not to be missed. They taste absolutely amazing and authentic. Also impressed by the giant prawn and clams in each bowl of soup. In short, the experience and the variety of food offered at Kakurega were unforgettable and worth every penny. Would go again to try other food on their omakase menu.
Don't really understand the hype about this place. The food is average compare to some of the nice sushi places in queens. Would have given 4 stars if the service was good. For a place that charges 4$s you'd expect them to have more knowledge when it comes to serving food and drinks the right way.
I am not the person who likes to write a review, but this restaurant really impress me!! fresh fish, professional presented.....I highly recommend the daily special mini bowl from their menu. totally worth it!
Very cute restaurant with nice ambiance. A high end-ish restaurant for Flushing, but if you're looking for something nice, it's worth the price. The food was great, the fish fresh, and the service superb. A must go try.
I'm really satisfied with the fish quality! Everything was so fresh. Must try the omakase. It was hard to find A good sushi place in flushing. They import their rice from japan! The owner/chef is humble and very talented.
If you're looking for a delicate and unique Omakase dinner , this is definitely a place for you to spend your night at, the food is so fresh and delicious, it's serve beautifully like an Art , the owner said  each month the menu will change so you will not be bored with the same old menu , and this month which is November they have my favourite  Abalone.  for the Chef and the owner is so friendly and funny , we are so lucky to have this Omakase restaurant in my area .
For the price the omakaze wasn't worth it.  Had better omakaze with similar or lower pricing in the city.  I only came here cause I heard main chef from the now closed Ginpachi was here. My wife and I were happy that he was here but his signature items weren't on the omakaze.  I found the experience underwhelming overall.
Kakurega Sushi: very satisfied, fresh , the best Omakase in Flushing Queens ! My family of four with a Family Friend spent this great night eating fresh and delicious food . My two daughters were so happy to meet Take-San again . We were all  so  impressed eating Take-San's Omakase at Kakurega Sushi !The carefully prepared custom Omakase is really great , and we look forward to the next arrangement! Such a patient and very hardworking staff! The Sushi Master: Take - San was the master of Omakase  from Iki, our family was his Fan, and his nigiri sushi was really a treat. Really happy we found him, and really want to thank my friend on FB who posted a video of his working, where I recognized him at a glance. We immediately went to try this long absence craft ! Great to eat ,I hope this shop can be maintained. Great to try ,now they have three options, $ 115 & $ 145 & $ 145 .
Excellent selection on omakase and the service is very good. $115 value is very good for the quality of nigiri served.   The place is new and tables are not filled up at all. The 3 of us had the whole sushi bar by ourself and the restaurant is literally empty.   I hope they get more traffic in cos this place is good and Recommended.
Just came back from Kakurega. I need some time to phrase my words. For now let's just say I'm so lucky to find this place! Will be back whenever I'm around this area.
This is prob going to be my go to place for great sushi from now on. The chef is very friendly and the waiters are very nice. The food is beyond great and only the best seasonal fish was served on the table and not even one item on the omakase menu. 100% recommend. Great place.
I had the Sushi Omakase & my hubby had the Sashimi Omakase - we both enjoyed our respective choices. Excellent quality fish & seafood  from Japan ! My hubby had not eaten raw oysters for years (because of an adverse reaction from a reputable Manhattan restaurant)  but, he tried them here & loved them ! In my opinion, they were the best oysters I ever had - they were Kumamoto oysters. I loved the scallop sushi & ocean water eel sushi (never had ocean water eel before). Go to downtown Flushing & try this place - worth the trek from Manhattan or any other borough - glad I tried the omakase & plan to return in the future ! The sushi chef paced the omakase perfectly - so, you didn't feel rushed or that service was too slow - make sure you call to make your reservation - foodies know that this place is a good find.
$115 for 19 course omakase！ very worth at this price. wagyu beef is so good,very juicy. the most authentic and fresh sushi spot in flushing.
This is probably my favorite sushi bar in Flushing. Me and my sister had omakase and it was amazing. Also, The server was friendly. I would recommend this place.
