First time eating Korean BBQ so can't compare. Susan, the owner was so helpful in guiding us through menu. Everything was was tasty. They put so many sides on the table to accompany your meal. Delicious!  They didn't rush us. Reasonable prices. Give it a try.
I came here on a Saturday night with my wife to enjoy some real Korean bbq. The staff was pretty awesome. Seated us right away and gave us the menu. They made some recommendations and we placed our order. Food came out pretty quick and they explained how everything is done at their restaurant. We enjoyed are dinner and look forward to coming back.
New, fresh, friendly and filling!  Tucked into the main thoroughfare of Korean eateries in this Korean village called Murray Hill (replete with a train station and a triangle park), Solbaat is just the right size for a leisurely dinner and some chatting with the hostess who was very welcoming. The table array of small dishes was perfect- and included many gems they would replace happily when asked for. Then, just before we left, the owner plied us with summer cold noodles just to show off another of their best dishes.  What a treat- we'll be back!
Tucked in the side street- 149th Pl and Roosevelt. The staff is very helpful and kind- non of those irritable expressions when we asked them about their menu . The quality is excellent and the service is attentive and focused. Price is reasonable - will definitely be back.
Great spot for pork belly and drinks! It's probably more fun with a larger group, but we were just a table of 2 people and had a great time. Service was awesome and the prices were really good. We spent about $60, including tip and tax, for 2 orders of pork belly, a bottle of soju, and a dish of rice cakes&dumplings. We arrived around 7PM on a Friday night, but we were the first people to arrive, it seemed. This place is definitely more of a late night establishment but it was great going at 7, regardless. I would definitely be back.
Korean BBQ and the bumping EDM made me to Eat-Dance entire night. And why not? Eating and clubbing are both excellent pastimes. Actually the food is quite good here and the customer service was excellent. Very pleasant and attentive staff. We had the grand opening special 2 orders of pork ribs +large clams for $45ish. The pork ribs were marinaded well (not too salty) and the large clams were fresh and juicy. Everything grilled by an attendant, per usual. All tables comes with grilled corn on the side, steamed egg and a bowl of seasoned shredded scallions that pairs with the grilled meat. The seafood pancake had a  large meat dough ratio. But my favorite was the spicy chicken feet. The skin fell right off the bone they were so tender and the sauce was addictive. Chairs opened to reveal a cubby, no more stinky smell after K-BBQ, ventilating hung directly above the grill. If you check in and give a review on Yelp, free beer! It's open to 6am! Perfect for post clubbing munchies.
My two friends and I were enticed by their $9.99 pork deal so we decided to give this place a try. We went a little after they opened so we were the second table there.  So with their pork belly deal it is $9.99 per order (but you NEED to order TWO for the deal). An order came with 2 slices of pork belly which is ok for $10 but looking at the menu, the actual price was $19.99. In addition to the pork belly we got the beef galbi ($29.99). The servers cook everything and cut the pieces for you so all you gotta do is eat. I never complain about this, but their chopsticks were kinda weird. Like they were super bulky and hard to use. It's not just me, even my friends who were raised on chopsticks said they were hard to use...ANYWAYS. pork belly, was not bad. Beef galbi was really really good. Perfect texture. I preferred it over the pork belly. BUTBUTBUT the serving size was SO small. There was literally only 15 small cube pieces. I counted. For $30. The thing was. I expected to be overstuffed with 2 orders of pork belly and 1 order of galbi. To be honest, that only make me even more hungry. So we decided to order Tteokbokki and fried Mandoo ($11.99) with cheese (extra $). It came out looking like budae jigae. Not sure if they heard/understood us complaining but this could feed like 4 hungry people. The Mandoo was deliciously crispy and the filling was amazing. The Tteok however was too soft and like had no chew to it. There were also some fish cakes and after scooping it out to take it to go, we discovered some clear, flat noodles that was super chewy! Long story short, good food, but very pricey for small amount of meat. Considering the amount of other kbbq places in the area, I'd rather go elsewhere. I left feeling full from the order of tteokbokki/Mandoo not the meat....
New Korean BBQ spot near Northern Blvd right next to the Murray Hill LIRR station! My friends and I came to check this place out earlier tonight. They currently have a special price on galbi for $19.99/order this week and will have pork belly next week for $9.99/order. Since we wanted to take advantage of the special, we decided to get two orders of the galbi (Note: There is a two order minimum on the grill). The galbi is unique here in that it is served as cubes and therefore does not have any bones. We also ordered the budae jigae. The budae consisted of ham, kimchi, pork belly, tofu, ramen, enoki mushrooms, watercress, and cheese. I really enjoyed the dish although I did wish it had more tofu and perhaps some dukbokki (but no biggie). Complimentary side dishes brought out included steamed egg and a corn dish.The place consists mainly of small circular tables which seat 3-4 people along with one or two larger rectangular tables towards the back. It's definitely a place to go to with a smaller group of friends. It has a cozy/fun ambiance with lots of cute bottles lining the walls as decor.Def would come back to try more of their menu!
A little pricy but the food is quality. The marinated beef is hands down the best Galbi we've had. Why? Its not sliced beef. It's cut cubed beef nicely marinated and extremely tender. We got the special order for $59 and chose the large clams. The clams were good sizes and fresh. The corn and egg were free.The service is top notch. They were attentive and constantly cleaning up. My only disappointment was they don't offer more Chan / side dishes like most Korean BBQ places. No rice. No green leaves. No additional sauces. BUT they had cold ice water!
I saw this place on Yelp thought it would be good. I've been craving Korean food for a long while, especially for budae jigae. Came here with my bf on a Saturday night.  We ordered the seafood BBQ and an order of thick cut pork belly. Then 5 minutes later the waiter came to tell us that there was a minimum requirement of two items from the BBQ meat section, which meant we cannot just order one order of pork belly.  Since it was impossible for two of us to finish that much food, we decided to just order the seafood BBQ and a bowl of budae jigae. I totally understand that every restaurant is allowed to have their own rules regarding these minimum requirements, but at this point we already ordered a $34 seafood Bbq plus it was not busy at all. The waiter could not give us an explanation when we asked him what was the difference.  Jump into the food part, first off, they DID NOT offer any complimentary corn. I was looking forward to having those since they looked so good on Yelp. Super disappointed! The seafood platter was bland and tasteless, like dude, I could've done this at home. Why did I spent $35 bucks when I could've bought the same things at BJ's or whatever. Plus, they only offered with two sauces that were both spicy. For the budae Jigae, it was not fulfilling at all. It tasted like kimchi and whatever. The service was below average. We had to ask the waiter to continue grilling our food as he kept trying to tell us it was ready when it was clearly undercooked. And tbh, he looked a little impatient as we kept telling him that the food wasnt cooked.I'm writing this review across the street at Mapo because 149 Pocha was very unfulfilling. It was a SUPER disappointing experience, bad food, unknowledgeable staff. I will not come back again.
I lost my credit card. Then I check the credit card statement, the last payment I have made was in here on Christmas Day. I immediately called the restaurant, that have it!!!!! Thanks god! And thanks the waiter find my card. Today is New Year's Eve. I come back again to pick my card. Lucky me. And thanks a lot!!
Just finished dinner today. It was pretty empty but it was Easter Sunday dinner so that was very understandable. Between the two of us we had 2 servings of thick pork belly (samgyupsal) and one bottle of soju. The bill came out to be $32-33 (!!!) as they're doing a special at the moment (9.99 per serving of pork belly).Food - great. The sides: spicy scallion salads, corn cheese, egg jjim. Pork belly is grilled with garlic, onion, and kimchi. Service - impeccable. The servers grilled for us, adjusted the fire at the perfect time, and were very attentive. The two servers working at the time were very extremely nice; they weren't intrusive by any means, and very polite in everything they did and said.Ambience - legitimate pocha-style place. Circular metal bbq tables and stools (stool tops open so you can store your belongings inside). Soju and beer bottles line the ledge on the walls. Very clean restroom (albeit only one). The tables are adequately far apart.Overall - definitely coming back again to have their shellfish bbq/grill, casseroles, tangs.
Had Korean BBQ at Solbaat last night. Had pork neck meat and pork belly BBQ, table consensus voted for pork belly: chewy fat laden explosion of porky goodness...Their ban Chan spread was large, but more geared for adults. They served steamed eggs, which was requested again and they were happy to provide.Specials on the noodle was nice but wasn't something we'd do again. Between the water noodle and spicy mixed noodle go with the spicy noodle.Lastly we ordered their kimchee jigae, which is a good litmus test. Holy moly, it was good. Spicy sour deep with generous helpings of pork meat.Had a nice conversation with the owners, couple from Long Island. Who were passionate about their restaurant and food. Passionate enough to open a Korean BBQ place next to so many others.Had two pork neck one pork belly two noodles (one water, one spicy mix) kimchee jigae one soju; hair over 100..not too bad.Net net, would go back again. Order the pork belly and kimchee stew. Service was good, after we got their attention....sometime you need to be a bit pushy to get what you need.
Great service. Great food. It was my first time here and it was a great experience.The makchang is sooo good.
As I was coming back from some place on Northern boulevard and walking past the rail road one night I noticed some loud music and a group of people outside of an establishment.  Now mind you this was well after midnight and a lot of places are usually closed except bars and in this case Korean barbecue spots.  I took a mental note as I had other plans that particular night.  Sometime later I found myself back in the Flushing area after a long day and felt like having some barbecue but had not decided where. I was headed toward Northern boulevard and again passed the railroad. It was very lively by that area and I remembered there was a place that had piqued my interest from the other night. My visit to 149 Pocha was very unplanned and I was considering some of the other places nearby as they were open late as well. Even though it was unplanned I am glad I decided to walk in.  It is a very quaint Korean barbecue establishment but can accommodate some large parties.  I was greeted by a server and a polite lady at the door and was seated right away.  The menu offerings have a nice offering of barbecue, seafood, stews and some specials.  I ordered initially grilled marinated beef and some thinly sliced pork belly.  For some reason they did not fire up the table grill and cooked everything in the kitchen. That was fine with me and everything came out cooked very well.  The very nice hostess Jean (not sure if this is the correct spelling)  recommended some soup to go with my meal and I was actually still hungry. The servers were very hardworking,  formal and polite.  They brought each dish out in a timely manner and made sure I had enough rice.  Since I was still hungry Jean assisted me picking out a third dish.  I wanted something along the lines of seafood but not a large dish.  She recommended I take advantage of a marinated beef special that comes with spicy octopus.   It was a solid recommendation as it was a dish I had not tried before.  Overall it was a very good first experience and special shout out to the lovely hostess Ms Jean who seems to know all the late night customers.  Usually when I eat solo servers are a bit standoffish with me and leave me alone. In this particular instance though Ms Jean took it upon herself to check up on me and make sure I was doing all right. It was a pleasant surprise to be treated so kindly even though it was my first time eating at that establishment. This is a spot that people would enjoy with their family, group of friends or if you wanted to dine alone. This is a lively spot that caters to those who enjoy eating and drinking late. There seemed to be a decent amount of food traffic that I noticed since I was seated facing the door.  Takeaways - hard working, polite staff, very late hours during the week (6am closing), good selection of Korean traditional dishes and barbecue, good for drinking and grilling meat with friends family or on your own,  the establishment can accommodate large parties but is not as large as other places and there is usual some lively music playing on the television.
Good service! The hostess was friendly and so were the waiters! They were super accommodating too! Spot is pretty chill. Music was good - they played an ultra music festival video!We came here on a weekday around 8pm. There were plenty of seats but it definitely started filling up around 9:30-10. Food and prices are good! An order of the pork belly has a 2 order min., but it's definitely worth it. Our favorite dish of the night. There's a free bottle of soju with a review - definitely an incentive.
Good service, good tasting food - especially the pork belly. It's more of a bar scene so they don't have the extra dishes or lettuce to wrap the meats but the meat was very tender.
There is plenty of competition around this neighborhood so it's very very surprising that more of these BBQ restaurants open. Honestly there was nothing memorable about my experiences here besides the service. The portions were extremely small and expensive (for the size) and it came with such little bonchon. The mayo corn dish was finished after 5 scoops in comparison to the huge amount they give at Mapo. From what I remember it was $19 for an order of pork belly (they don't grill it like samgyeopsal where it came with grilled kimchi/bean sprouts) and $27.99 for the galbi. They currently have a special for the galbi for $59 you get 2 orders and an order of grilled octopus. Though I don't eat octopus my friends said it seemed undercooked to them. All in all there are plenty of other options in this neighborhood. I don't think I'll be coming back.
My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to eat when we came across this place on yelp. We saw the deal where the pork was $9.99! We came around 5:30PM (they open at 5PM). so it was pretty empty. But more people started to come in around 6PM There's also an offer where if you give them a rating on Yelp/Facebook you can get a free bottle of soju (non-flavored). I got the chum churum which is said to be the lightest according to the hostess. They give corn on the side in a wooden/metal bowl and steamed egg. We got two orders of pork belly and two bowls of rice, the pork belly was very flavorful. They also put kimchi on the grill which was also very good.They said they'll be having different promotions every month. Overall the food was good, as well as the service. It was a great deal and I will definitely come back!
We ordered a ton of food plus we were given a bunch of free dishes/sides. The quality of the meat was good. The seafood udon stir fry was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It was a little pricy for the portion size. Service was great!
My favorite to-go place for some korean drinking foods and soju. The place/ambiance is cozy and relaxed. Good for small groups when craving for late night eats. Service is friendly and welcoming. My favorites from here are the stir fry pork belly with kimchee, spicy cod fish soup and the seafood pot!
Small Korean BBQ restaurant, good environment, tasty beef, good quality pork belly and good selection of beers...Great place to hangout with friends, nothing fancy but something about it makes me want to go back.  Maybe because of the great host.... =)   Great place to go with small group of friends that will enjoy good quality meats and seafood... Will definitely go back.  Give it a shoT !!!!!
Came in knowing we wouldn't understand the menu and were guided thru a meal of delicious proportions. High quality beef brisket. Flavorful spoces. Served digestive tea at the beginning and yogurt at the finish. Worth driving to Flushing for.
Go to this place! There is nothing it cannot do well, from the ambiance to service to most importantly, the food. Staff treat you well, all items on the menu are savory and so satisfying! As a patron of many Korean houses in the area, let me tell you this place makes me wish I had never been to those other places in the past. I recommend specifically the casseroles, as they can feed an army (hence the name, i think). Anyhow just go there
We ordered the seafood, beef, and eel BBQ for 4ppl. I love the seafood since it's fresh and juicy. And the eel and Beef are not bad. They gave us 10% discount by paying cash. The price is reasonable (~$35+tax+tips for each ppl). Highly recommended!
There are so many Korean bbq places in the area and ive been to almost all of them 4-5x over in my time living blocks away from the murray hill lirr. I had high expectations for this place because of the 4.5 star reviews on yelp but I was disappointed in many aspects of my dinner here. Service: the waitress only showed up to our table twice the entire time we were there and it was pretty empty inside the restaurant too so it wasn't like she was busy tending to other tables besides ours. I couldnt get more water for about an hour and the other staff was either taking a smoke break or talking with each other. I was actually going to order more food but the fact that I was waiting for the waitress to check up on us for such a long time made me lose my appetite. Food: there was barely anything served as side dishes with our order and the grilled corn was finished in 5 spoonfuls. It left alot to be desired when the pork belly we ordered as the grand opening special finally came out. I found that while the pork belly was cooking, the hot oil kept splashing onto my hands and face while i was trying to eat the rice cake... NOT pleasant whatsoever having hot oil burn your face as the pork belly kept cooking on a large flame. I cant speak on anything else there because i never got the opportunity to order it. I left hungry and unsatisfied with my dinner and it was a bummer because I really wanted to like this place. Maybe I'll try it again, if the wait is too long at Mapo or even ham ji bach - which are all located within a block distance from here.
Came here with three other friends around 8:30pm on a weeknight. The place is not that big but they weren't busy so we were seated right away. We got two orders of the $9.99 pork belly special (min 2 orders per table). Each order comes with two strips of pork belly. The servers are really nice and helpful and of course they grill the meat for you. I just wish they gave us lettuce to wrap the meat in instead of only giving us this plate of seasoned scallion strips sorta thing. We were provided with free side dishes including kimchi, corn and steamed egg. They even brought us a second plate of corn when we finished our first. Another dish we ordered was the Tteok-bokki with fried mandu-$11.99. There were 4 fried dumplings in the dish, which were very good but the tteok-bokki itself wasn't as chewy as the ones I've had at other places; slightly mushy tbh. They also have a deal where if you review them on yelp you can get a free bottle of soju but it's just regular soju, not flavored. Overall, I think it's a decent place to drink with friends and get some KBBQ or other Korean food! For the four of us the bill came out to be $10 a person including tax and tip. We weren't super full though so I would say the portions are just okay, not extremely filling. Then again for the amount we paid, it was reasonable.
I have been craving korean bbq for the longest and came across this yummy restaurant! thank god! this will be my new hotspot for korean bbq bc it's sooo good. Unlimited side dishes and the soup were delicious. The bbq was really delicious. All the workers are friendly! & im excited to come back with my other friends!
The waiter and waitress were great. Very friendly. My friend and I got an order of gobchang (intestines) and an order of pork belly. They have a two order minimum but you can mix the meat choices. The gobchang was nice and crispy and cooked separately before being brought out. The pork belly was delicious but you can't go wrong with pork belly... they had a nice onion salad that you ate with everything. The mussel soup they gave for free was sooooo bland. Didn't enjoy that at all. My friend was still hungry so we got an order of the tofu spicy pork dish. Omg what a mistake... that was horrible... i felt bad for the table near us that wanted to order it because they saw it on our table... wanted to warn them... Goo gong tan is a few doors down... they have amazing complimentary dishes they give and their food is so much tastier... not sure i can go back to saw maeul...
Awesome place!!!! Open til 6am. Good for drinks and korean bbq. Must try marinated pork spareribs. Plus when you order their special promotion entree, you get either free Nakji Bokkeum or Big Clams.Service is very friendly. They greet customers at the doors. Also, very attentive lady host, she recommends specials and drinks throughout service.
Such a dope Korean BBQ restaurant. Authentic to the Pocha style of Korean BBQ. We got two orders of pork belly for two. Great side dishes. Great drinks and great atmosphere. Highly recommend for smaller groups. Service is awesome. Enjoy!
Excellent place... They have gelbi on special for $19.99.. the portions are big, comes with a lot of side dishes too
So what makes a great "pocha"? Great food & soju!!! The new owners Kevin and Jean(siblings I am told) have done a great job turning this place into one of the best pocha places around. Totally revamped menus with a new talented chef on board. All BBQs are on point, and the portion is generous. You gotta try the assorted pancake (Modeum Jeon). So delicious!!!Friendly staffs & Great music. The crowd is mostly 20s to 30s. A must try if you are in the area. It's located right next to LIRR Murray Hill station, so making a trip from NYC is also convenient.
The galbi was awesome, must drink  apple soju with it.  The host, Jean is awesome and personable.  Must try place!
i had an amazing night- maybe too much fun  lol my friends been telling me about this new grand opening place they been hanging out and of course i had to check it out for myself & loved it!!! my break downs~1. great vibes and awesome music. 2. all the employees are soo friendly, quick, and welcoming. almost made me feel like they were my friends haha3. the food wowed me. it was so delicious!!! korean bbq.. seafood... ribs... spicy pork ... so many choices... oh my  yummy food, happy me 4. i loved the fact that there were free street parking around the area. it took me less than 5 mins to find parking. I had to take uber back home. 5. i really enjoy their korean wine - they have different choices & beers  i tried few korean wine and it was so delicious. love trying new things! overall, i was pretty impressed how excellent their customer service, food & atmosphere was. Definitely coming back!!! thank you for your great service p.s. i forgot to take all the food porn photos. that's how much fun i was having. thanks again!
Absolutely delicious Korean BBQ. Excellent and friendly service. Highly recommended.
I was enjoying my night out at Black Hole Cafe and got hungry, wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so I went right next door. The marinated pork BBQ was better than the entertainment in Black Hole, Daeji Kalbi was even better. Had the Joe Gaetang soup which complimented the protein, wish I ate there first before going next door, I'm sure with the delicious food in my tummy I would've had a better time there. And I got laid..
Staff is so attentive & nice.  Ordered the marinated beef, large clams, & pork belly.  FOod was delicious, cozy place && they had ULtra music festival playing
Went here for the first time with friends and we ordered 3x pork belly and the duck bbq that came with grilled octopus which was a nice addition. The service was good and the waiters were attentive to our needs. I would most likely come here again with people.The only thing I would say is a negative is that if you have a party of 4 or more, the tables are a bit cramped and you'll probs have too much side dishes and overall, dishes for the table to hold. We used an extra stool to hold overflow dishes. Also, keep your metal cups AWAY from the flame, like at least 3 inches; my friend burned her fingers on her cup even though it wasn't near direct flame.
We ordered the special which gives either clams or octopus for free. It was a good amount with alot of taste. Not as much in terms of amount though.
This place is a must go Korean restaurant around the town. They have special noodle called mill myun which no other restaurant in NYC have in their menu. The dish is similar to cold buckwheat noodle but with different noodle. Also, their authentic pork bbq is very tasty and mouthwatering. Their price is very reasonable with so many side dishes that comes out for free!! The parking can be a little hectic at times but there are plenty of street parkings during lunch hours.
Come here with friends, nice environment and it looks good when they turn the fire up. Nice place! Strongly recommend pork, beef and seafood.
Good service I love the joomoolruk there ~ I'm definitely coming back for more I always come here in the weekends with bunch of friends and the owner is so friendly and the staff always take good care of me I love it here
Delicious food, upbeat atmosphere, nice ambiance and fantastic service. I love the Kalbi, chajae, chicken wings are yummy, chicken and cheese was not too spicy and just the way I like it. Good place to hang out with friends and enjoy a good meal.
We came here after our massages and this is the most authentic korean bbq spot ive been to. I grew up in flushing and have been eating in the neighborhood ever since, and this spot is definitely  worth coming to again. The side plates you get here are the BEST. You get a whole mackerel (fish) along with two soups along with many more. Their dumplings are handmade, you can tell. That bean paste soup was my favorite! The meat was amazing quality and for all that you get you will be walking out happy. The owner is very knowledgable about the menu and helpful for beginners. All the staff were cute! I couldve hugged them all ! After our meal we got the asian milk drink i grew up on! Yay
So ugly food,We can not eat. And then Manager didn't say anything. The seafood is uncooked but they said is already done. We didn't eat anything and I paid 83 dollar. No tips. I will not go there anymore.
Great place- food is delicious and service is spectacular! Definitely recommend and will be coming again.
First time here for my bday. GOOD foods, Good Vibe and a young crowd, Will definitely come back.
Great food, in a location where Korean barbecue is on every street this place stands out in both quality and atmosphere. Strongly recommend!
Came here on a Sunday night with some friends. There was no wait. Food was good but they were out of clams. Service was decent, would come back.
Due to the yelp ratings, I decided to try the seafood hotpot. The broth was good and the noodles were good. However the seafood in the dish was horrible. The shrimp was so over cooked that it shriveled to half the size of the shell. The lobster was nonexistent. The squid had the texture of rubber. Even the waitress saw this and apologized to me and when she spoke about it to the owner, the owner refused to acknowledge the poor quality of the seafood. Please don't waste your money and go here
It seems this is a popular place among Koreans as there were many of them in the restaurant and still some were waiting outside. However I found their BBQ to be not impressive. The duck and marinated pork belly were just dry and not tasty. Only the hand rubbed kalbi was good but it's small in portion and expensive too. Seating space was also very tight. Despite the friendly service they need more staff to be attentive.
My first review - As soon as i walked in the restaurant the music thry are playing I dont mind listening to while I eat and drink. The staffs are very friendly and foods are good. I will deff come back when I want to eat good Korean foods , Eat and drink while listen to good music.
Chill vibes.  Great food! Servers are fantastic.  Ideal for parties of four or less because of the small tables but they accommodate larger parties too.
Service was good but the seafood pot wasn't as fresh. Since it's one of their specialties , it should be one of their best tasting dishes . The wait staff was very friendly and tend to your needs!
Excellent food. A must try is their pork neck meat BBQ. Outstanding. Tastes like beef. Very tender. Their noodles are also their specialty, using a special  one of a kind Machine imported from Korea. Everything in this restaurant is perfectly seasoned. Try the spicy squid (nahk-gee) perfectly cooked so tender . cute restaurant with a lively modern vibe. Great place to gather!
Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!  This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant.  It was that good!!We went to check out the special noodles that is made from a  machine that's unique to Solbat, and it was well worth it!! The noodle was cooked al dente, firm to the bite and chewy. We tried both the cold noodles and bibimguksoo; both were so flavorful, made with fresh ingredients.  We went there for the noodles, but the marinated beef and side dishes were so delicious. The marinated pork was tender and savory, cooked right in front of you on a grill which brings out the BBQ flavors. The side dishes were plentiful and tasty.....I would definitely go back again and again, and I live in NJ.
Delicious food and good service. Had the Marinated Beef and Spicy Grilled Octopus special. Got greedy so we had the Spicy Chicken and Pork belly as well.  The waiters cook the food at your table and were very accomodating. I would definitely come back!
Their seafood steamed platter wasn't as appealing as the picture shows. It really is just literally boiled seafood. The lobster was over cooked when they server cooked it for us. Their bbq kalbi was extremely small. However, the service was really great. The taste of their seafood BBQ and platter are so so.
149 Pocha is a must if you in Flushing! Love the vibes music wise and food wise. The waiters/waitress are friendly and know what to get us customers! Great customer service seriously! Recommend for anyone whos looking for KBBQ place. You can get here via LIRR / Mta bus transit! Come check this place out as their grand opening wasnt too long ago! Clean place all around, what else can you wish for? Hope yall have good eats here!
Good food and great atmosphere! They're open late so it's a nice spot to eat and drink. Staff is very attentive! Definitely recommending friends and coming back again :)
IF YOU ENJOY THE SMALL DISHES KOREAN RESTAURANTS PROVIDE, THIS IS THE ONLY ONE I'VE BEEN TO THAT DOESN'T PROVIDE SMALL DISHES,LETTUCE OR KIM-CHI. the only good thing about the place was that its was clean, (maybe because it's only been open for 3 months)We ordered the marinated beef special x2 orders, the duck, and the cod soup mild spicy...the marinated beef kaibi we ordered was beef cubes.. very chewy..the duck was dry, crispy, and over cooked. the cod soup was the most spicy soup i ever had, when we specifically requested MILD, we got extra spicy, no one was able to eat it.  I've been to many many kbbq places, and I've got to say this place is by far the worst.we felt very rushed and we were the only customers in the restaurant.
Korean bbq at its best. Pocha at its best. Getting my bbq n soju fix all at 1 place~~~ staff is awesome n attentive and have many dishes besides bbq also.
Awesome place to go to eat and drink. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Finally a place where everything on the menu tastes amazing!!! I'm definitely gong back.
Fantastic place for drinks and awesome staff!! Definitely revisit for dinner and of course more drinks!
Tried a new place korean bbq restaurant, Saemaul Pocha bbq, very friendly, fast service, great food.  I had the pork belly, marinated pork short ribs, and spicy chicken gizzard. Also plenty of soju, lol. Oh, you have to try the assorted steamed seafood. I ate it so fast, I forgot to take a picture. After the seafood is finished they put in rice and noodles for a awesome noodle soup.
Had a great meal. Interesting good. The Kimchi soup was excellent as was the whole octopus. We also got a mixed BBQ with pork belly, duck and beef. Comes with many side dishes. All of it was really excellent. They cook it your table. Service was great.
Food is great and the staff is really friendly, awesome at this spot is fun and casual.  Price is reasonable as well, I will be coming here a lot from now on.
We came here for a quick bite and some Korean BBQ. The vibes here are awesome, parking wasn't too hard to find as well. Definitely would be coming back here when I come back into queens
nice galbi so tender                     free octopus with 2 orders of galbi is good too! buy one bottle of soju, free bottle with yelp review is great too! will come back again
I came in here expecting the usual korean pocha fare, but i was pleasantly surprised. As soon as i stepped in i felt like i was in korea. Pocha places are usually a little dingy and sticky and uncomfortable, but this place felt clean yet homely. The food was magnificent and the service was fabulous. Definitley coming here every time im in the neighborhood.
I've been in flushing a long time and have eaten in many places.  I have to say that 149 pocha is my new favorite place.  I have become a regular here. The food is amazing, but more than that the atmosphere and service is top notch. What's not to like about this place? I would recommend and have recommended 149 to many of my friends.
Great place to eat, drink, chill, and laugh out loud.. service was on point and attentive.. It's one of those great jump off spots to go to for round 1..
Great atmosphere , Great food , great drinks and good company. I felt like I was in Korea with the good hospitality and service. Must go if your in the flushing, bayside area if you just want a chill and to just kick back.
New local spot. Good food. Fun atmosphere. Great deals!Came with a group of friends and they were able to accommodate us quickly. Service is on point even though it's busy.Food is good. We ordered a variety of meats, soups, misc. Everything was delicious.Highly recommend all to check this place out.
Everything was avg and normal except for the service. The male waiters were ok but the female waitress was very rude and impolite. We asked the waitress to order for food and drinks, she ignored us and walked away again and again. She had a really bad attitude for no apparent reason. This type of behavior is really bad for the business.
We were very excited to check out this place. We got take out for Galbi, spicy eels & assorted pancakes. Very disappointed... eels were very hard with fishy taste. Galbi was slightly under seasoned but it tasted ok. Besides pickled green onions, no kimchi or other side dishes were given. No steamed rice was provided either for our quite pricey orders ... assorted pancakes were not good. Overall, big disappointments. The best dish we had with the order was the pickled green onions.
The environment is great, the workers are friendly. If you're looking for a home-y drinking spot then pocha 149 is for you!
Wow... just honestly the best Korean food place in Queens hands down!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious and the environment is very pleasing. I will definitely recommend anyone to come here and try it.
Amazing! Great customer service, and the food is superb! Def recommend this place if you guys have the chance!
TERRIBLE Service and they try their best to cheat you for your money.  Served us rubber like meat where swine smell was overpowering and served us 1 serving of pork belly but charged us for 2 and said it was because "we didn't ask them for serving for 2".  Couldn't stay any longer because of prior engagement and waited over an hour to eat.  If you want Korean BBQ there are several other choices just walking distance from this dump.  Would give it a 0 or negative if I had choice.
Good price and good service.Korean BBQ has 9.99 promotion now. Don't miss that one.I love Korean food and this is perfect. It blends French and Korean in fun ways. I saw some of creative layout of the dessert.This is one of those underrated restaurants tucked next to a hotel on a street full of construction.
This is our 'go to' place for delicious black pork belly and Soju. Their BBQ eel and chicken feet are also favorites.
I went to eat with a bunch of friends and the BBQ port was very good.  I usually don't eat pork but it was so good that I ended up eating it.  The side dishes were very good and the cold noodle dish was also very tasty.  Service was excellent.  I highly recommend this place for tasty Korean food.
Went here for Valentine's Day...my family and I loved it! Staff is very polite and the food is delicious!  Definitely coming back!
try the jumeoluk galbi! it's so tender and melts in your mouth. with 2 servings you get a free serving of octopus or clams. I had the octopus and it wasn't tough to chew at all, mixed with a spicy sauce. it was beyond my expectations. after 1 bottle of paid soju, you get one for free. alcohol prices are very reasonable to begin with. will definitely be a regular
love their kalbi, pork belly and kimchi jigae! this restaurant also serves many side dishes which is a plus! the service is great and the staff are friendly. my new go to korean spot!
I thought this restuarant's food was good and the staff were friendly. I think this is a hidden gem and a lot of people don't know about this place, however it's truly delicious. Highly reccommend for people visiting or people who have yet to discover this place.
a great local spot to unwind and chill with your friends..good comfort food to compliment the drinks
Amazing! Very budget friendly but delicious! Would definitely recommend!!! They have amazing grand opening specials.
Nice ambience excellent service, we got the marinated pork rib but everything looked so good too!! They have promotions so be sure to ask. Im sure to come back
Good food. Good service. Nice music. Cheap price. Nice events. It is really good place for eating food with your friends or family. I recommend this '149 Pocha' ~~
Service was excellent. We ordered the pork belly special for $9.99 and it was delicious. The waiter, John, told us the soju (regularly priced at $10.99) was buy one get one free (we thought it was just get one free with a check in on Yelp). Overall, we enjoyed the meal and the ambiance of the restaurant.
came in for some korean BBQ and left very satisfied. the beef, pork and shrimp were delicious which was accompanied by some tasty sides. i will definitely be coming back.
Clean and authentic place. The prices are reasonable. They currently have a promotion ($9.99 pork belly/samgeyopsal) which is a great deal.
the food is good, the service is good, the crowd is lively. what more can you ask for? a taste of korea in flushing
Awesome food and staff. Awesome food be staffDefinitely recommend checking this place out
I came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night and was surprised to see that it was not busy.  We ordered the seafood BBQ and an order of the thick cut pork belly.  The waiter went to place our order only to come out 5 minutes later  to tell us they couldn't serve us the pork belly because there was a minimum requirement of two items from the BBQ meat section.  There was no way the two of us could finish that much food so we asked the waiter what the difference was since the grill was going to be on for the seafood platter.  The waiter could not give us an explanation.  The seafood platter was bland and tasteless... and only offered with two sauces that were both spicy. We had to ask the waiter to continue grilling our food as he kept trying to tell us it was ready when it was clearly undercooked.   Disappointing experience, bland food, staff needs to be more knowledgeable about the menu as well as how to grill the food properly- will not return
this place has good ambiance and has nice service! got deals with yelp and other things so its nice!
