First off, Xiao Dong Bei Chinese Cuisine moved to the new address properly listed above on Yelp, and it CHANGED ITS NAME to 'Private Kitchen.' The restaurant is spacious and good for a relaxing meal. The service is friendly and helpful. What really shines is the food which has exceptional flavor, with each dish having a wonderfully unique character. The food is fresh, properly cooked and not especially oily, three necessary components to most good Chinese food. We had the Dry shredded tofu skin mixed with scallion oil which had a superbly subtle taste and was very satisfying; the Sauteed lamb with scallion had excellent flavor and a great simple sauce but the meat was tough; and finally the Tree mushroom salad which seem to be crispy fried Tea Tree Mushroom (Agrocybe Aegerita)  茶树菇 (cha shu gu) with Szechuan pepper, celery and chilis, which was special and delicious. There are a number of excellent Chinese restaurants in Queens, but few with this kind of top-notch unique cooking. Check it out...
Food is not good, the wait from the kitchen was long and overpriced relative to the quality. We ordered the corn and green peas with sugar which was mostly flavorless (tasted like someone poured a bag of sugar over some frozen vegetables, I can do that myself!) Shrimp was not deheaded or even deshelled, the chicken tasted like it came from a can of Purina dog chow (that was honestly gross, I don't know how they can serve this), the boiled fish was incredibly plain and the broth was not spicy even a little although the menu said it was. The sugar potatoes dessert is exactly that, sugar on potatoes. The rice balls were ok, but they probably bought a premade one from a store (that's the only way).The bill for five people came almost to $120, that's way too much for the low quality food we were served. If you like spending allot of money on lousy food, come to this place!
Fake as Chinese restaurant! High rating for shit! If I could I would give it a negative 5 rating, not even a "0." We are traveling from the West Coast hoping to enjoy some delicious food. Obviously our experience here was uncalled for. Was told the wait was 30mins. Waited for almost an hour to only have 2 groups who came much much later to be seated before us. When asked the hostess ignored me granted that my party was the only one that didn't speak Chinese. We were ignored for the sake of them being racists (and yes I'm Asian too, not their kind). Don't eat here. I'm sure there are plenty of great restaurants in the area. We surely walked out and found ourselves in a different restaurant around the corner that appreciated our business and treated us well with great food.
Their "Dry stir fry mushrooms" were delicious and has so many flavors of spices in it. A little bit on he salty side but perfect with rice.  The portion for each dish is generous and you can tell they choose quality & fresh ingredients.
As a mainland Chinese from Northeastern area, I would give a thumb up to this place. Very tasty & authentic Northeastern Chinese cuisine, which makes me feel like I am back to my hometown in a second. The only downside about this place is they offer a huge menu including different types of Chinese cuisine. That means if you are non- Northeasterner Chinese you may have a high risk to order wrong dishes, which may turn to a truly nightmare. I highly recommend their sweet & sour crispy pork (锅包肉), stir-fried pork liver & Laba garlic (腊八蒜肝尖). These two are signature Northeastern food and they did a pretty amazing job. I definitely will be back trying other dishes in the near future.
Servers were really nice. Though The front desk lady was a little bit mean and never pick up the phone when we tried to call to see the waiting time without reservation. Their food was decent and in huge amount. Where is specially ordered the dishes from northern China because we thought those were what this restaurant is famous for. But surprisingly they also have some Szechuan dish options. In all, I like how their waiting time is not crazy, their price and quantity and the food was not bad at all. It's also good to try some food from nothing China which I've never really tried before. Might go there again to try something more.
Came here for friend's birthday. Foods were not worst but below ok. The cold noodles came only with less than 10 pieces of noodles and lots of cucumber and carrot. The seafoods were not fresh at all. Our bill came around $150 and they Charged $1 for white rice. We only ordered one bowl of white rice. Really??? So lame.
The kitchen staff here know what they are doing. The dining space is clean. The prices are very good by NYC standards these days. I cannot ask for more.
Great service,  great good, spacious dinning area. We enjoy coming here with friends and family. There are several dishes that I would like to recommend are lapi and song shy yu.
Came here with my friends for dinner. As a Northerner myself, I felt like I was eating at a good restaurant back in my hometown. Unlike a lot of Northern Chinese places in Flushing, Xiao Dong Bei is very clean with great decor and service. The most important thing of course is the food, and I'd say it's very authentic. Portion is good and price is reasonable. The menu features mostly Northern cuisine with some Sichuan dishes. It's the type of restaurant that both Chinese Northerners and Southerners would like.We ordered the mushroom and chicken stew(小鸡炖蘑菇), one of the most traditional Northern dishes. Taste is spot on. I also highly recommend the pork jelly dish (I think it's called 水晶猪肘). The texture and taste are both top notch. And don't forget to dip it into the garlic soy sauce. We also like the other dishes such as the fried little yellow fish and the string bean, potato, corn and pork chop stew. I enjoyed the dinner so much that I think I'd like to give the restaurant some recommendations as a true Northerner. My friend who's also a Northerner agrees with me.1. The strong bean potato corn and pork chop stew (猪肉焖油豆角土豆) is a little bit too sweet. We think it'll be better if the taste is more toward salty and savory.2. The fried little yellow fish (炸小黄鱼) comes with salt and msg. The fish tastes awesome but I wish it comes with pepper salt.3. The branding -- It took me a while to find this place on yelp. I still don't know if its English name is Xiao Dong Bei or Private Kitchen. I think it might be good for the business if the branding is consistent online and offline.I'm glad to see this place garnered 4.5 stars on yelp so far. I'll definitely come back often and bring more friends.
Food wasn't bad but wasn't amazing either. Wouldn't really recommend it to anyone. We went in on Christmas eve, to beat the crowd we came in pretty early, before we could finish our dinner the servers were very impatient and rude, we almost got kicked out just because other customers were waiting for a table. Well, that's why you need to come earlier.. It's not like I am gonna miss this place  not the food nor the service.
The taste is so good and the price is reasonable. The only thing is you may order too much since the quantity of most dishes are larger than usually. Highly recommend!
everything we ordered was delicious!  We also had a kind of flower tea very refreshing.
We were there tonight. It's nothing special. In fact, more than half the dishes are not even from NE China. The taste and style are just average. Service was generally good but their super long dinning area makes it hard for waiters to reach everyone immediately. I'm quite disappointed as I was expecting some uniquely NE of China.
Very authentic Sichuan cuisine with big portions and a reasonable price. The staff is considerably friendly and patient. We went on a weekend late at night when they were about to close. Although the restaurant was pretty much empty, they were still willing to serve us. Their menu was quite extensive with traditional Sichuan food, as well as typical Chinese dishes. We tried the baby ribs with peanuts and peppers, a dish recommended by the waiter. The ribs were not how we imagined it to be, as they were sliced as thin as paper. There was definitely a lot of preparation work behind making this dish! I like how they stirred fried the meat rather than deep fried the ribs. The peanuts were an alleviating complement with the spiced up meat.On the more traditional side, we also ordered the braised beef dish. Having tried just about every Sichuan restaurant in Manhattan and in the works in Queens, Xiao Dong Bei serves one of the biggest pots of braised beef. With the addition of black fungus and a variant of other different veggies, they sure filled the bowl with an abundance of protein and carbs. Drowned in Sichuan oil, the beef was super tender and the veggies were soaked with flavor. The dish definitely wasn't the spiciest we've had, but it was still delicious. Rice isn't complimentary, so be sure to order a few as chasers with these yummy Sichuan plates.
I came here recently due to the high Yelp rating.  We come to Flushing regularly and I am always seeking for good Chinese restaurants here.  I've never heard of Xiao Dong Bei (translated to "Little Northeast", as in Northeastern Chinese cuisine) before, but was eager to try it as my grandparents are from Northern China, and "Dong Bei" cuisine always reminds me of my childhood visits with my grandparents.  Anyway, maybe that was an unfairly high expectation of this place, but I was a bit disappointed by the food here.  Perhaps I didn't order the "right" food, I thought the four dishes we ordered were just average.We tried:Ants on a Tree - this was my favorite dish, it's vermicelli noodles with shredded pork.  I thought the sauce was really delicious with just the right amount of spiciness.  This is a pretty easy dish to execute, but some places tend to make it too oily, it is done pretty well here.Sauteed Crispy Pork - the server recommended this dish.  I thought it was just ok.  The pork was crispy, but not very flavorful inside.  Also, you need to eat this dish as fast as possible.  As soon as the meat cools down a bit, the meat became very tough and starchyCrispy Fish with Chili Pepper - I wanted to order the whole fish, but per the waiter, the market price for a whole fish was $55, which I thought was ridiculous.  Most places charge approximately 20-25 for a whole fish.  I am always annoy when I see "m/p" on menus as I feel like the restaurant can just charge whatever they want.  I opted for fish fillets instead, which was not bad.  I like the crispiness of the fish, although the fish could've used more flavor notes other than spicy.  I thought the chef went a little heavy with the Sichuan peppercorns in the dish, but if you a big fan of spicy food, it would probably be a plus.Stir Fried Eggplant with Basil - an average dish.  I thought it was a tad too oily, but other than that, not a very memorable dish.Overall, I thought this place was over-priced, the food was so-so with hits and misses across the board.  Given the plethora of good Chinese restaurants in Flushing, I don't think I will visit again.
Very solid Northeast China cuisine from this relatively new house on 37th Street, Flushing. A modestly sized floor with enough room for several large tables, or many more smaller ones, the space feels bright even on a rainy night in November.  The staff is accommodating and easily chats with the customers when they have a spare moment.  They were all bilingual and quickly made me comfortable. I ordered Eggplant and Peppers in Soy Bean Sauce and Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.  More than enough for 3 people.  The Chinese Eggplant was tender with a mild sweetness that countered the heat from the Hot Green Peppers.  The Soy Bean Sauce added a pleasant and mildly salty undertone that went well in combination.  The Shredded Pork was cooked to complete softness, while the Sweet Bean Sauce lightly supplemented the flavor in a slightly sour direction.  Again, they worked well together. Xiao Dong Bei is a nice out of the way joint where a quiet meal can be treasured without the crowds and hype that come with the fame and long waits of the more well known places in town. Definitely a keeper, at least until it is discovered and becomes impossible to walk into and get a table without a rez.
We were here for dinner on a Tuesday evening, The place was busy but we were seated immediately. It's a small restaurant, only minutes from the subway station. This restaurant serve Northern style Chinese food. The menu is great! Lots of pictures! This is great for the people who is not familiar with the kind of food they are serving. We ordered the crispy fish filet with hot pepper & the pork with spicy garlic sauce. The crispy fish filet has cumin, which is great! We love it! They also put a lot of sliced onion which is also great! One of us really love onion! The crispy fish filet isn't as crispy but you can tell that it's a fish filet, not just some thin filet with lots of breading. The pork with garlic sauce were delicious but extremely greasy. It's shredded pork swimming in chili oil. It is definitely not something we would eat pretty often. Overall, the food here is delicious. It's definitely worth stopping by. If you happen to be staying at the Comfort Inn on 37th ave, this restaurant is pretty much almost next to it. The portion is definitely generous. We spent about $31 here for dinner & there was so much food for the price we paid. We were so stuffed. One minor flaw about this place is that the food can take a little long to come out. The wait wasn't ridiculously long but it's just longer than most Chinese restaurant.
I came here for lunch and had a salt baked pork chop with pepper (more canonically known as salt and pepper pork chop). The pork chops were lightly breaded and bone-in (though there weren't many bones). The amount of seasoning used was just right, and the meat was quite fresh. The portion was large enough to save some for dinner.
I was so hyped up by all of the 5-star reviews, I guess I expected too much, and was just a little disappointed. My daughter was sad to hear that she couldn't get General Tsao's Chicken there, but somewhat enjoyed the pork in sweet & sour sauce (crispy). Unfortunately, it seems like the waiter forgot to order it, as our dishes came out one or two at a time, and finally my wife's yummy eggplant and green spicy peppers dish, when we realized the sweet/sour pork never arrived. My daughter started getting ticked off, she was starving, and we only went for Chinese in the first place cuz she wanted that dang General Tsao's Chicken. We checked w/the waiter, he checked in the kitchen, came back with his index finger pointing up, and said, "One minute. Just a one minute, ok?" Around 5 - 10 min later, it came out extremely hot. Ok, absolutely no one is perfect. There weren't any other mistakes, and there were 2 servers helping us. Their English wasn't that easy to understand, but they understood us pretty well, and seemed genuinely interested in our experience there. Given that we were a white family in an almost entirely Chinese restaurant, I was happy with the service we received. (Of course, being white in a Chinese restaurant should have nothing to do with our experience, but the fact that it is real, I think it's something that cannot be denied.)Bathroom was clean, dishes were clean. I hate the thick plastic chop sticks they give you there, but it's way better than eating noodles with your hands. My noodle, pork & mushroom dish was ok, and noodles were somewhat chewy, but yummy; however, I found the amount of pork & mushrooms in it to be skimpy. The overall portion size of the dishes was quite large. We took home a lot of food, and spent $50 (before tip) for the 3 of us. My wife absolutely loved her eggplant dish, and sautéed stringbeans.I might return, but my wife found the menu to be too bizarre in many respects (and that's one reason I appreciate the place). Where else can you be served a dish of duck heads, or fish-head soup?
炒鸡好吃！I come from northern China and this place is very authentic. Highly recommend Stewed Chicken with mushroom(小鸡炖蘑菇), braised pork with vermicelli(酸菜炖粉丝), fried pork in scoop(锅包肉)The chef is quite good at Sichuan food too.
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 2.0/5.0Value: 3.5/5.0Decor: 2.0/5.0Overall: 3.0/5.0The menu is a mix of Northeastern China and Szechuan.  I can't opine on the latter, and I also can't opine on the value-oriented lunch/take-out offerings.  I am shocked how high the current ratings are.  Not to be a downer, but I don't see how an objective group of people could seriously give this place that many fives.  The food is indeed northeastern, but the quality was very much mediocre.  In one of the dishes, the potato was flat out undercooked.  The service was poor with a lot of chatting amongst the younger wait staff when they weren't busy dealing with customers.  Poor service is something that could be a function of an off day in a poorly-controlled Chinese restaurant setting, and certainly you can get around it if the food's worth going back for, but that's just not the case.  Not going back.  Just so you know, I was tempted to give 1 or 2 stars to average the rating down, but that wouldn't be right.
On a hot summer night in Manhattan we ventured on the #7 train to Flushing Queens (NYC's other China Town) on a mission for greatchinese food.  Mission accomplished.!!Xiao Dong Bai  offers a varied menu of authentic delicacies prepared in a light and clean manner. There is nothing here that is swimming in globs of chili oil and fat like most chinese restaurants these days. Everything coming out of Xiao Dong Bai's wok is stir fried to crispycrackly goodness.Now for the Particulars:The cold dishes of spicy tofu noodles and wood ear fungus salad were exceptional. The noodles were quite firm "al dente" if you will and lightly coated in a delicious asian vinaigrette that packed a hot but reasonable punch.The salad was pungent light and slippery. A perfect way to begin on this hot humid night.The next dish to arrive was a whole shrimp fried withDry red chili peppers. They were crispy crunchy and can To be eaten whole in the shell especially good if you need to build up your calcium reserves. After this came a wonderful stir fry of eggplant potato and green onions. It was off the chain yum and we finished every morsel. Finally skinless chicken thighs , bone in over Chinese cabbage in an aromatic sauce. The sauce was a little too powerful for our tastes but the chicken was perfectly stir fried with very little grease.The staff are extremely friendly and are happy to explain the extensive menu and to guide you as many of the Offerings here are not commonly found in most Americanized Chinese restaurants. The menu featured lots of pictures of the food and for me this is usually a turn off.Since the menu  is extraordinary and the offerings notwidely known to most non Chinese diners we can let this one slide. BTW it's a few blocks from the Main Street and Roosevelt Avenue intersection but, it's well worth the hike.
This restaurant reminds me why I love Yelp.  Great food at a place I would have easily overlooked.  The stewed oxtail was incredible, their noodles were great and I enjoyed the black fungus with pork.  I will go back!
Ordered the spicy lamb with chili and was totally wowed by the combination of chili, onions, cliantro and the magic ingredient: cumin. Could quibble about the small size of the lamb pieces, but won't since there was a fair amount of meat overall. Not usually a fan of peanuts or carrot, but was taken by the complementary appetizer of marinated peanuts, carrots and celery. Nice staff too!Will definitely be going back to try more.On my second visit I ordered the oxtail with corn. The segments of corn on the cob were amazingly sweet, the mushrooms succulent, and the bamboo shoots and baby bok choy were crispy. That said, the meat on the bone, while tender, was a bit sparse and didn't have that marrow richness that oxtail can have. Still, the mandala arrangement of the elements and the preparation had the feel of a high end restaurant.Third visit: Baby chicken with mushroom.  An good amount of small chunks of chicken on the bone, black mushrooms and sweet potato noodle comes in a slightly thickened wonderfully rich flavored soup. That said, the chicken had a disappointingly dry texture; guess "baby" means lacking in fat that makes meat moist. This comes in a small wok that they put over a heating flame: my advice, don't use the flame which will overcook the meat even more. Based on these experiences, I'm wondering if meat isn't their forte, or is treated like a flavoring more than a primary ingredient. The strength of some aspect of every dish prevents me from reducing my rating--so far.
The spicy red pepper lamb was our favorite. If you like basil, the stir fried eggplant with basil was excellent. We came as a group of 6 and there was nothing we had that we did not love. Would recommend this place any day.
Good vegetarian options. Try the fava/broad bean dish, eggplant and peppers, and the tofu skin chili casserole.Cumin chili lamb is solid and so is their shredded pickled cabbage and pork. Interesting was the fried tea leaves and peppers on top of salt pepper shrimp. Closing things out was the deep fried egg white meringue desserts stuffed with red bean paste (rolled in large pink? grain sugar). Only second time seeing this dessert offered since a visit to Toronto. Clean interior, large clean bathroom. Good three large tables. Beer by the pitcher available.
Definitely recommended this place! The most authentic northeastern chinese foods here
I really like the spicy fish there. As a Chinese, they can cook really local Northeast food from China. My husband and I go to this restaurant really frequently with our friends.
I loved this place. I ate in the restaurant and the staff was helpful with my food selections. I ordered a steamed orange pork with rice. It was really great and the atmosphere was very authentic. Great Dim Sum!
Unfamiliar food choices, and poor service . The Braised spare ribs was all bone and no meat it impossible to eat . After serving our food the waiter did not return to the table until we had to get his attention for the check . Will not visit again .
Wonderful northeast Chinese cuisine. It also has some sichuan style food. Would come again and again and again.
Okay! First of all, there are so many Chinese restaurants in Flushing! BUT I'm gona have to say this is the BEST one I've ever tried!!Their foods are so GOOD, better than I thought it would be! PLUS, it is very clean and the waiters are really passionate!! I highly recommend this place! It is soooo AWESOME!!
The food here taste so good. I love the yam cabbage pork bone soup and braised fish fillet.
This was a wonderful find.  It's off the beaten track and I suspect it's known only to those who seek out excellent meals made with fresh ingredients in authentic ways.  We had several dishes and they were all superb.  We will definitely return!
Good, authentic  food . Chopped salads, carrot /celery and cabbage , at every table - better than typical fried noodles . Braised roasted Pork with vegetable roasted chili was flavorful, not too spicy. Huge bowl of tomato  egg eye drop soup. Large portions. Nice staff . Would return if come to area again .
This is epicurean wonderland of new delights. The food first of all is very spicy so bring your asbestos palate. We had a cold wood ear and super fresh vegetable salad, fried fish with cumin and chilis and a vegetable dish in black bean sauce. The oil content is very low in these dishes which is a break from all the soggy Chinese meals we've eaten, the fried fish was in the lightest batter with the spices just drizzled on top, no sauce, and the black bean sauce was very thin, again not oily, and flavorful. Service is pretty attentive and this is our new go to place in Flushing.
Visiting area for US Open, found restaurant on Yelp and went based on reviews. Great food, friendly service, definitely recommend.
The food is really good! Very authentic! Large quantity and low price! Will definitely come back!
This place has great northern Chinese food. They can accomodate large parties and their lunch specials are a steal at $5.79. Gets pretty jumping late night. Always a good time.
My friend who's from northern part of China took me there. I had no clue what to order. Everything that he ordered were amazing! I don't eat spicy but I heard they have very good spicy dishes too. I like non-spicy foods only. They have interesting desserts too. It's fried taro and sweet potatoes with honey. Dip it into cold water before you eat. Outside is very crispy and inside is soft. Soooo tasty! Prices are very reasonable too. The servers and owner are very friendly
wow! this place is amazing! this is the best Chinese food i ever tried in flushing. their food is so good and you must try the cold noodle, i can say that is the best cold noodle that you can have. if you are aiming for lunch or dinner with friends and family, must come to this place. also the waiters are so nice and serve with passion. MUST MUST MUST!!!! GOOOOOOOO!!!!
