I had their spicy lamb spine pot. Super good. Not expensive at all. Definitely coming back soon
I found Da Dong Bei randomly, like people used to do in the pre-Yelp era. It had no outside menu posted and then the menu had no descriptions so there was a bit of guesswork, but I asked the waitress about the smoked meat salad and ordered it. It included chicken, a pork item (knuckles I believe) and tofu. It has an intense flavor. You may not want to spend as much time dealing with bones but hard-core meat fans should check it out. Given the unusual menu and friendly service I'll probably be back soon.
Great Dong Bei food.Get the special stew for gods sake that's why they have this fancy table in front of you.
Tried this place about a year ago, at that time was not bad, today came back, experience was  horrible. the place dirty and disorganized, fishy smell when you enter the door, rusty objects scattered around the restaurant, no wonder they got B grade.  Food quality much worse than before especially pan fried food, waitress awkward service, predict the place will close down within 6 months, let's see.
Da dong be is a traditional Chinese northeast food restaurant. Most people don't quite understand what is traditional northeast Chinese food. While, they should come to this restaurant and give it a try. Sometimes I feel it's hard to describe what a dish looks like, basically they have a pot that allow you put fish, duck, chicken or goose along with some vegetables, tofu, rice noodle and some other food. Especially in winter, have a pot with everything usually makes you feel warm and happy. We ve been here for several times, every time we have different feelings. But considering some culture differences on food and cook, I am not expecting that people all understand me, but for me, this is really a nice place to make me recall the view and taste of my hometown
Came here searching for an alternative to Fu Run/Ran that serves Dong Bei food, specifically the much sought after cumin lamb ribs. This place has them and they are terrific. As good or better than fu run. The portion is larger and more expensive at $36, but more is better. This version was pretty true to the others I've had but was just expertly cooked, tender and succulent. The rest of the food we had was also good. It looks like the main draw here is the hot pots, which looked huge and really good. I would come back to get one but it would be hard not to get the cumin lamb. BTW it's listed here as Mongolian style lamb.
OK flavor, badly managed, MEAN owner, loud environment. Not recommended, and definitely not going again.I am from China and some of my local friends from NYC want to try some authentic Chinese food, so we went there. I would say I am a nice person and rarely give any bad review, but the experience of this time really makes me wanna say something.1. The flavor is authentic, but just about average level. I am originally from north China and I have tried a lot of deep pot stews like theirs. It might be relatively good in US, but please don't expect too much.2. The places is badly managed, especially the reservation system. I strongly doubted that if the owner really has such a long-time experience like they advertised, with such bad management. At beginning, we were told there was no table, even we called and tried to reserve 2 hours earlier. However, he promised he could leave a table for us if we could get there at 5:30, instead of our original plan at 6 pm. I got there at 5:32 and actually called him before that, he has already given our reserved table to someone else, and asked us to wait at reception, until all of us arrived to be seated. It was so embarrassing that we were instantly told that we could have our seats, instantly after my non-Asian friend came in, and carefully asked that if he could take that spicy, with some kinds of weird enthusiasm.3. The owner is really MEAN. After we were seated, we were told that we could only stay there to 7 pm, because another reservation has been taken with our seat. We would not even take those seats if we could be told before our waiting. Anyways, we ordered and got the food at around 6:10, and finished about half of it at 7 pm while talking. Then the owner came and ask us to leave since there were a group people came in. I asked if we could finish the rest of the food and we were not gonna order anything more. He gave me a weird smile, went back and ASK THEM TO WAIT RIGHT NEXT TO OUR TABLE. So we just left and give some tips in cash to the waiter, and told them that was an really awful experience. After I got home, I realized that he actually charged me for those 2 side dishes which are guaranteed free, as we re-posted their promotional blog.4. The environment is SUPER LOUD,  and it's really hard to hear your friends' talking unless you are yelling too. People are drinking, laughing and yelling like a typical street restaurant in China, which I would say I have used to that, but it's definitely not enjoyable. Anyways, I would not go there anymore. Wish you guys good luck that you could finish your meal there.
Classic Dong Bei flavor!!!!! Remind me my hometown! really like here! I will recommend my friends come over and try something here!
can not believe how dirty and messy this place is, go check out yourself! man, food is mediocre and hygiene is a big deal.  will never come back!!!
Let me start by I really like this place. Although I'm not from the northeastern provinces, but close enough and I've had enough authentic dong bei meals in China. I would recommend it to everyone who loves dong bei stews (乱炖）We made a reservation for four for a Saturday lunch. It's really great that they offer free parking! We arrived early and there was only one group. We were seated immediately. This restaurants were specialized in fish and goose pot. But probably they want to attract more people, they later introduced a lamb spine pot. We have two guys that are really into lamb, so we went with the lamb pot. When we were ordering, we wanted to order another dish fish head with flour cakes (鱼头泡饼), but the waiter was really honest and suggested it's too much for us. He's more than correct. We ordered five sides in total, oyster mushrooms, frozen tofu, tofu skin, and two orders of flour cakes.The pot was iron made and huge. Looks really authentic dong bei style. One star off for the lamb because they were really not lamb spine. They were not boiled long enough so not tender enough, also some pieces were really fat that even our lamb lover can't eat many pieces. But other than that, the stew base tastes perfect and all the sides taste amazing in it. The lamb stew comes with potato and corns for free. The size of the side is also really generous. $6 for 15-20 pieces of frozen tofu! Four of us were really full for $120 including tips and we packed about half of the lamb. I would definitely come back to try the fish or goose pot!
