This Szechuan restaurant opened not too long ago. I have always been a big fan of Szechuan food and how they spice up there foods. I tried coming here before around 7:00 PM before but it was a full house. However, today I came at 8:00 PM and there was just enough space. Overall the food was pretty food. Not too spicy with ton of flavors!!
Nice food, nice service:) I ordered Chinese sausage casserole and it is pretty good! Also the spicy rib noodle is very good too, and not too saulty. This is just something I'm looking for in Flushing:)Next time I will like to try the broiled fish! Will keep updating reviews!
Bon G. and I found this new Sichuan Restaurant on Yelp and having tried most of the others in Flushing chose this one on Saturday evening. Arrived circa 9:15 pm and the place was only moderately occupied so we were seated immediately. Finding this place was sort of difficult as none of the signs on the block were in English...we had to use the specific address to locate the correct venue. Once inside we were welcomed and given menus. They have an extensive selection of dishes and we started with a really nice rendition of Sliced Beef and Ox Tongue in Chili Sauce in a red hot oil which gave it a nice smokey taste. Also got Sichuan Cold Noodles...sort of like Dan Dan Noodles...you mix up the bowl and the heat mixes thru the noodles and gives the dish an incredible taste and burn....of course I added red hot oil to everything like people add salt without tasting the dish!   We tried a new dish for us..Chinese Bacon & Sausage Casserole which was light on the meat but the crispy rice was the bomb...the waiter scraped out all the rice from the cast iron pot and it was incredible just by itself.. Mala Mapo Tofu was next and it also was beautifully prepared and presented. It had minced Pork which added alot to the flavor and consistency.     I can see how this place fills up quickly due to its size. We were lucky and found a parking spot directly across the street...a good omen! With so many new entrants in Flushing I'm sure we will return but we are always on a quest to find new and exciting dining venues in the area!
Very yummy clay pot rice , the crisp of rice at the bottom of clay pot was so  delicious making me eat unstoppable , we love the dice chicken with chilli peppers as well , taste was  good everything just nice in size and price is reasonable too t
I give two stars because the food is so salty and the desserts like a water. Today I ordered three dishes and two of it is so salty. After dinner, I ordered two desserts to take out.  Durian Aloe sogo sweet soup and Mango Poweto Sago sweet soup, both taste so bad like a water.  I can't found any Durian and Mango inside and one of Durian sweet soup after taste is sour. Today is my first and last time to this place.  I don't know how good they are..
Great food and service! I have say I had the Best Cantonese and Sichuan food here! Both. By the way you must try their dessert. Better than Lady M.
This place is literally my restaurant to go to all the time now. It's close to my home. Good flavor and friendly stuff. The portion is just okay compares to the price though. But still, come and try this place everyone!!
This is our favorite new style Si-Chuan spicy dishes in town. They use very fresh ingredients and staff are super friendly. Different varieties of unique soup in their menu to choose from. They also offer Cantonese style small pot rice (rice crispy can be made to order too). Their desserts are delicious also and price are very reasonable. They also offer seasonal items such as Moon-cake lately are in different flavors too. My family like this little and warm eatery we all gave them two thumbs up!
Excellent Sichuan food, very authentic and reasonably priced. We had the spicy fish, pretty spicy and numbing like it should be. The spicy clear noodles were also pretty tasty. Service was also excellent and attentive. The bonus was They were letting us sample some freshly made moon cakes which were very delicious. Apparently they made extra, so we ended up ordering two boxes of moon cakes.
A new restaurant, authentic and flavorful, must go place, the owner is soooooooo much nice, treat kind, the specialty is the new style 水煮鱼，best one I have ever had in flushing area，trust me worth to go
This is one of my favor restaurants in Flushing. Convenient location, heathy cooking and amazing taste! You will find home taste here.
The best authentic Sichuan restaurant in flushing. Spicy crab & 水煮鱼 are must try if you like spicy food. 煲仔饭 is also very good. Have been coming here once a week. Highly recommended!
