Ok Lah is one of the best healthy restaurants in Flushing. I have been there many times with my roommate. The portion is huge and flavorful, without a doubt, the owner spent a lot of time to cook and prepare every meal they serve.I normally get the 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice, then pick two sides and a protein. The sides and proteins are different everyday so you will never get bored of Ok Lah. The only one thing I would say is they close at 6 pm, if they stay open late, I will stop by for dinner after work!I highly recommend this place to anyone who lives or visiting Flushing. You will definitely fall in love with Ok Lah.
The one day I decided on a whim to eat healthy, "Ok Lah" popped up while searching on Yelp so I thought why not?Remember to check in first! So you can get their free fountain drink. The day I went, they had calamansi and green tea lemonade. The calamansi was a pleasant kind of sweet lemonade.For my box, I got brown rice topped with brussel sprouts and brocoli and grilled steak. Man I wish I saw the hot sides first! I also accidentally added the soup of the day, thinking for some reason that my box came with three sides when it actually only comes with two. Oops.I would definitely go to the hot sides section first next time, if I feel like eating healthy while in Flushing. I wasn't a fan of the sauce that the vegetables were cooked in. The rice was pretty good. Half of my steak was sitting under the lights when I got it and the other half, they retrieved from the kitchen. So the steak was half rubbery. It also had a very strong pepper flavor. The soup was curry chicken soup. It was runnier than I preferred and a bit spicy. I didn't feel it was worth the extra $3.
This is my favorite go-to healthy spot in Flushing. I was so happy when they opened. Don't get me wrong, I love Asian food and who doesn't come to Flushing to try all the Asian food there is?! But sometimes you just need to switch it up and get something healthy and refreshing.I normally get the kale salad but you can also mix 1/2 salad & 1/2 rice (which is also really good). You can choose two sides, which vary daily, and then pick a protein. The chicken and salmon are delicious and I usually alternate between the two. You must also try the tofu! Everything is fairly priced at $11. If you add avocado it'll be an extra $1, or any extra side will be $3. I definitely recommend giving this place a try. It's not your typical healthy spot, and their sauces and sides are really flavorful with a kick.
Located inside the food court in Queens Crossing in Flushing, Ok Lah was a great find! For $11, you can choose one protein, two sides and a base of brown rice or salad and with a Yelp check-in, you get a free fountain drink! Sounds pretty good. The food is straight forward, healthy and quite tasty! Who says healthy food can't taste good? Lol For my first visit, I chose my brown rice for my base, along with two sides of cold macaroni salad and spicy pickles, and for my main protein, I had the chicken. And using my Yelp-checkin, I had a free fountain drink, which is self-serve. You're given two options of Calamansi juice or regular lemonade (I highly recommend the Calamansi!). The brown rice has some red quinoa mixed in, which I thought was an interesting combo. Definitely added more crunch into each bite. The macaroni salad had some golden raisins in it and the spicy pickle salad was very tasty too! The chicken was delicious! The meat was still juicy and tender and had great flavor! Overall, Ok Lah definitely delivered in both taste and price! For $11, there are few healthy options in the Flushing area that can compare. I'll definitely be back to try some other combinations. :D
I've heard lots of good things about this place, so finally tried it.  It's definitely something new and fresh to the area aside from the usual noodle shops.  Ok Lah sells fresh South East Asian fusion in a fast casual concept.  You get to choose a base of rice or salad.  You get a choice of one main protein as well as two sides (hot or cold).  Everything they have that I tried was flavorful, yet light and refreshing.  You leave here feeling satisfied, but not weighed down.For my protein, I went with the hanger steak.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare and was very tender.  It was seasoned well and had great flavor.  I went with the rice as my base which was a turmeric brown rice.  The rice had a really nice bite to it and the turmeric gave it a subtle flavor and a nice yellow color to contrast with the rest of the meal.For sides, I went with the soft tofu with salty duck egg.  This was something I never knew I'd like, but I enjoyed it immensely.  The tofu was so soft and silky. There was a thick soy sauce on top and a topping of crumbled salty duck egg.  It was cold and such a refreshing and tasty bite to go with the steak.  I also went with the Filipino mac, which I was not really a fan of.  It tasted of mayo and that was pretty much it.  Definitely the low point of the meal.  I went for a third side because I couldn't resist and got the noodle salad as well, which had some fish sauce in it and gave the meal some acidity.Finally, I got the calamansi lime drink, which was fantastic.  Tasted like a more complex version of lemonade.  And it was sweetened just right instead of being too sweet.For $11 + the cost of a drink, it's definitely one of the pricier options in Flushing.  But if you want something fresh and tasty, this is it.
My favorite place for healthy eats in Flushing! I honestly don't think any other establishment can beat this $11 box of goodness. I love their salmon and prefer it over the other entrees. I'm surprised at how big their portions are (not that I'm complaining). Will be back for more in the future!
I'm not a fan of finding parking in Flushing. So when my friends arranged a Kamayan in Queens Crossing mall I was somewhat reluctant. I honestly didn't even know what a Kamayan was. After parking near Prince at the pay lot we walked over the mall to find a very spacious, clean and modern multi-leveled mall. At the food court level we encountered Ok Lah NYC, a new healthy Filipino-Chinese food style that uses fresh local ingredients. The chefs arranged for us a Kamayan - a Filipino meal eaten with your hands for the 7 of us to celebrate an engagement. This was truly a food experience. As you can see from the photos, this was an impressive array of broiled salmon, adobo pork belly, grilled steak, lightly seasoned kale, roasted broccoli, fried brussel sprouts and lumpias over a mound of seasoned brown rice. Each person had dipping sauces - my favorite was the spicy siracha sauce that went well with just about everything. Aside from drinking my lime water meant for hand-washing, I would say we nailed it. The salmon was tender, flavorful and covered with a lightly charred skin. Highlight. We were fighting over the last piece. What a delight!The adobo pork belly was melt in your mouth.  Great flavor and texture. So good.Pork and mushroom lumpias!  Great way to start the meal. Three dipping sauces.  Just the right touch of crispiness. Savory pork and truffled mushroom. Pleasant surprise was the kale salad. The acidity and coldness really cut the other flavors and served as a great palate cleanser. We also brought some of our favorite beers to pair. I highly recommend. I absolutely plan on coming back for their lunchboxes.  I woke up this morning craving that salmon!
I love this new addition to flushing. Healthy delicious food! Yum! This is a long overdue review as I visited when they were still having a soft opening. I'm not sure if they changed their hours (hopefully they did) but during their soft opening, they would close by 6 pm which wasn't convenient as most people work until 5 pm in the city and by the time they get to flushing, this place would be closed. This is literally like an asian/filipino version of dig inn!My boyfriend and I got two boxes and we shared the meals so we could both taste everything. Box 1 - rice, chicken, tofu duck egg salad, filipino mac saladBox 2 - rice, steak, sweet potatos, avocadoEverything was super delicious. The chicken was juicy. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The filipino mac salad was the best side IMO. The tofu duck egg salad was unique and super tasty as well! It's kind of pricey for flushing but it is healthy food and it's delicious so the price is pretty fair in terms of that aspect.Overall, would come back over and over again!
Yummy fusion lunch that I would def come back for when I'm out and about in flushing. The portion is huge so you can probably save some for afternoon snack/dinner. I tried the steak with half brown rice (probably the most flavorful and yummy brown rice I've tried) and half salad (tasted fresh). I chose tofu salad (sweet and refreshing, would def get again) and roasted yams (a bit on the dry side as purple yams usually are) as my sides. They were definitely not stingy with their sides! I wasn't able to finish my yams as it got pretty heavy. I wouldn't recommend the yams as a side and would probably try a different side next time. I only wish that they have the option to have more sides even if it means less portion of each side, just because I love trying different items.
Rare healthy food spot find located in the heart of Flushing--right in the food court of Queens Crossing! Food is made fresh and well seasoned, and sold on a first come, first serve basis. Silky egg Tofu- I was never really crazy about Tofu, but the Tofu here had me wanting more. The texture is like that of pudding, and paired well with the sauce. Filipino Mac n cheese- this tasted dry; not enough cheese :/ however, it was quite flavorfulHangar steak- yummy. I think it is between medium rare and medium? I was taken aback by how much effort is put into presentation and flavor--the serve sprinkled some seasoning and herb onto it.Brown rice- grainy and dry. I prefer jasmine rice. Calamansi juice- you have to try this! Basically it's lemonade/limeade, but it's Filipino. :)Fresh and healthy food that doesn't make you feel shitty throughout the day? Hells yeah! All in all, can't wait to come back here for lunch with my friend.
Pretty decent new opening of a healthy alternative for lunch or even dinner.$11 for a base of either salad, brown rice, or a mix of both, your choice of two sides, some being broccoli, filipino Mac n cheese, and charred avocado +$1, and a meat option of chicken, steak, or potatoes.My favorite was the steak which was neither dry or too chewy. It was the perfect texture and it's doable for something not made on the spot. The chicken meat didn't fall far behind, it was also tender and not dry, the sauce that is slightly spicy also adds a nice finish to the chicken which is cut into two pieces.However, things I recommend or suggest would be to avoid the salad and opt for only rice. Not sure what greens are included but there was one piece with a really strong bitter taste that threw me off.For the sides, I would try the tofu which I haven't yet, and get the broccoli again.Overall, good quality quick eat in Flushing, but healthy food always comes at a bigger cost. I think $11 isn't manageable to eat at everyday. If It was $8-9 I would definitely eat here whenever I'm too lazy to cook clean, light-seasoned food.
Was not a huge fan of this place... the chicken I got was mediocre. Wasn't as tender and moist as I thought it to be and the rice was kind of cold when served. It's definitely one of the more healthier options in flushing for lunch. The silken tofu was good too. The Mac and cheese was okay. Sadly the yelp check in only gives you their fountain soda- they wouldn't replace it for a water bottle instead.
For something healthy in Flushing, this is a great choice.It's fast casual pick a base and protein and sides style, with all light and healthy choices. The bases are just salad and brown rice, with hainan chicken, hangar steak and salmon as the main protein options. There are some great unique sides, like a delicious Tofu Duck Egg Salad.If you want something much lighter and also quick, head to the first floor of the Queens Crossing mall to try a bowl here.
New healthy fast casual place in Flushing! This new vendor, located in Queens Crossing, focuses on Southeast Asian food but definitely is more Asian Fusion to me as they offer a few tasty sides that you wouldn't traditionally find in an Asian restaurant.To order, you pick a base (brown rice or kale), a protein (seared steak, hainanese chicken, or tamarind glazed salmon), and two sides (mac & cheese, sweet potatoes, noodle salad, charred avocado, spicy cucumber salad, duck egg tofu).Some comments on the choices I tried: - The seared steak was cooked medium rare and seasoned well. I would recommend this.- The hainanese chicken was good but I wish it had a little more flavor to it. I almost felt like I was just eating a baked chicken with a chili sauce on top. - The duck egg tofu was a super unique dish consisting of tofu with a soy-based sauce on top and crumbled with duck eggs. Really enjoyed this.- I liked the charred avocado and the light coconut milk yogurt which it came with. - Sweet potatoes could have been cooked a little longer.- The brown rice was amazing. So good even just eating it by itself. It's $11 for a bowl which is a bit pricey compared to other stalls in Queens Crossing, but nobody buys healthy food expecting it to be cheap. I'd definitely frequent this place for lunch if I worked in this area.
Maybe not the cheapest food option in Flushing area, but overall good healthy option. $11 for a main protein, 2 sides, and a base of rice and/or salad (at the time there was a promotion for CNY so I only paid $10). Only real complaint is that I wish more warm/hot options were available for the sides since most are cold options. I heard they rotate what's offered regularly though. Give it a try if you're in the area!Base: Rice + SaladI opted for both so I could try the salad and the rice. The rice they offer is a "medium grain brown rice infused with tumeric and red heirloom quinoa." Definitely not your traditional white rice if that's what you're looking for. The salad had a nice citrusy dressing that I enjoyed.Main: Roasted ChickenI would have gotten the salmon, but I was told that chicken was the only one available when I was ordering (it was a little after 11 AM). Luckily, the chicken was not dry at all and was quite tasty. Be sure to let your server know not to place the hot chili sauce on top of your chicken though if you don't like a little kick in your food!Sides:-Silken Tofu & Preserved Duck Egg SaladI've eaten plenty of tofu, but usually not with preserved duck egg. Normally not crazy for preserved duck egg since I find the egg white to be too salty (I know it's meant to be salty, but usually too salty for my taste). This combo works together though! Not sure why it's called a salad, but it's basically a block of silken tofu covered with a soy(?)-based sauce and then egg yolk crumbled on top.-Filipino MacIt was okay, but I probably wouldn't get it again 'cause I'm not the biggest fan of Filipino macaroni salad. Had pineapple, carrot, celery, and cilantro in it.
4.5 stars The food here is delicious and high quality. I shared the hangar steak with brown rice with charred avocado and Filipino macaroni. The macaroni was not over cooked, seasoned well. It's better than your average macaroni with plain mayo, but if you've had Filipino mac before than it's nothing new. All the food had a ton of flavor. Everyone's taste buds are different but since I usually cook at home but I don't use salt as my only spice, I tend to think all foods outside of my home are overly salty/over-seasoned. The turmeric brown rice with quinoa was so good, I could eat a bowl of that alone. The avocado was ripe and creamy. So good with the rice together. The steak, cooked medium rare, was still pretty tender. Lightly seasoned, which I thought was great since all the sides had so much flavor. $11 not exactly cheap for a food court meal but it's not your average cheap bowl of noodles/dumplings is it? L really wanted to get more but we were going to get dinner in a few hours. Think we spent $15 ish with drink and tip.It's something different in Flushing. Not having to go all the way to the city and being able to have such a variety of food? I'll definitely come back but I'm actually more interested in the brown rice more so than the proteins available.
A great new addition to Flushing! I wanted to try everything on the menu.  I decided to go with the roasted chicken over brown rice, roasted avocado, the tofu and kale salad.Here's my review:The turmeric infused brown rice was a nice twist.  I don't usually like brown rice but I am a fan. The chicken was moist and had lots of flavor.  There were two sauces drizzled on top and that married so well with the chicken and the rice.  The tofu was so silky.  A must try and who doesn't love avocado? :)I live near Flushing so I am so happy that this is so close to home.  I will be back to try everything else on the menu!!
I finally ate there yesterday.  Food was very tasty.  I had steak with brown rice.   Love the brown rice!  It has quinoa.  Nice match!  Great taste and texture. Medium rare cook hanger steak with house make hot sauce on top was delightful.  Great side dishes.  They taste so much better than it look though.  Make sure eat with the calamansi juice.
I was impressed by how fresh and delicious their dishes are. Every dish looked so yummy plus super healthy!! U don't find healthy guilty food often. $11 for an entree, two sides and a base of salad or rice. I LOOOOOOVED the rice cuz it's brown rice mixed with quinoa, and flavorful! Protein wise they have steak, salmon, chicken, etc! Can't wait to go again and try different dishes next time!
Food: 4 starsPortion: 2 starsHence the average experience: 3 starsI've been enjoying going to Ok Lah for a while. But today's visit is very DISAPPOINTING. First of all, I love the concept and their food. However, the portions are getting smaller and smaller each time I heard what my family and friends have to said after I referred them to the business.I remembered the first time I got Ok Lah even with half rice and salad, I was barely able to finish all the food in the container. NOW...i don't know if the sole reason IS depending on the "who."Today, I had the girl who is serving me. She gave the TINIEST amount as if she counts how many leaves should be given out in a salad base, how many roasted potato should be in the side. I asked why the sides are getting smaller. Her reply "cuz it's healthy and balanced meal!" WOW excuse me!           Balanced meal = small portions!!I guess for a healthy and balanced meal that will cost me $11, I should learn to "appreciated" how thoughtful this girl is. She is "worried" about my health and I should NOT be eating too much!
I was excited to try out this new spot in flushing because it has such rave reviews, but I was left pretty disappointed. I got the roasted chicken with the broccoli and Filipino mac. While some of the broccoli pieces were perfectly charred, other pieces were still pretty raw. The mac was just your average macaroni salad, nothing special. If anything, it needed some flavor (other than mayo) and could be more chewy. The roasted chicken was juicy but needed seasoning as well. It was pretty bland and the skin wasn't crispy either. My husband got it with the sriracha sauce and he said it was good but there wasn't enough of it. They didn't offer the sriracha to me (but I didn't want it anyway) so be sure to ask for it. Some parts of the chicken also looked a bit pink so I was afraid to eat all of it. $11 is also a bit pricey for a food court in flushing. I think $8-9 is more reasonable. This place (and its prices) seem like they belong in the city, not flushing. However, the portions are generous and I liked the brown rice. I'm not sure why the cuisine is considered Chinese or Filipino (other than the lo mien side I saw). It's more American than anything else. Reminds me of lunch spots in the city like Dig Inn or the Little Beet where you pick a protein and two sides. The food at those places are better in my opinion. I was expecting more asian seasonings/flavors to their dishes but I didn't really notice any. Overall, I was not impressed by this place. It's literally just "ok la".
Sides: #roastedbroccoli: 5/5 #filipinomac: 5/5 #greentealemonade: 5/5 Fillers: #greensaladmix : 4/5#brownrice 5/5 out of this world! Gains: #salmon: 5/5 Lunch : $14.95 A must try! The food is fresh, filling but not heavy and your treating your temple to clean food!
Went here for lunch with a friend and was so pleased with this healthy, affordable, delicious, filling meal!!! I rarely eat out. I have never written a yelp review. But this place deserves to be heard because Flushing needed a place like this :) Reminded me a lot of Dig inn which the employee there told me they were inspired from! However I find dig inn way too salty and their food dries out my mouth but I had no problem with the food here.The employee was nice enough to explain each dish and the ingredients - I ended up getting half greens half rice base (greens include kale which explains the bitter taste mentioned below, but I love kale haha), tofu WHICH U MUST GET because it was bomb af and I don't even like tofu, Mac and cheese and chicken adobo. Everything was wonderfully seasoned with their own sauces and anyone can easily tell how much thought they have put into these dishes.The free Filipino lemonade with the yelp check in was also super yummy even though I normally only drink water because it wasn't too sweet which I find most juices to be.They also have a loyalty card for a free meal after 10 visits. Whenever I get one of these punch cards I usually throw them out but this one I will be keeping because I plan on coming back to try everything else!!!
So glad there is something like this in Flushing! This town needed some more healthy options. It's located in a small food court at Queens Crossing. You basically build your own plate - choose a base, 2 sides, and protein. The menu caters to all kinds of people - vegetarians, meat lovers, gym rats, whoever. I got the grilled salmon with 1/2 brown rice, 1/2 salad, silken tofu and broccoli. Very very filling! So hale, hearty, wholesome, healthy, and tasty!
Ok Lah. Within the heart of flushing there aren't many healthy food options to choose from. Look no further, inside Queens Crossing Mall newly opened Ok Lah offers a variety of healthy wholesome meal. Food options changes every day but you can order a satisfying meal for $11. And if you check in on Yelp you can get a free calamansi lemonade (Filipino lemonade) 8/10Extremely satisfied with the customer service supplied by Carson, the founder himself.
I check into this place more than 5 times and now it's my favorite lunch spot, I've always wanted a healthy low sodium non-greasy meal , and this is just exactly what I want it .
What a pleasant surprise to find such a healthy and good tasting spot for the perfect lunch. Have been here twice in a month and will be sure to frequent more often with friends and family. Choose your base of salad, rice or a mix of both. Choose two sides and a protein. Have had their salmon and chicken - both amazing, juicy and flavorful. Their hot sauce is so good! Great cold drinks as well. Can't wait to try another protein next time. Wish there were more of you in NY!!!
Ok Lah is a must try!!! As I work in flushing very often and I am always looking for a healthy, quick, affordable, and most of all a delicious lunch this is my go to place! The staff is super friendly, the food is absolutely fantastic, everything is super healthy. The price point is great, $11 for this food is a steal. Please try this place as I ensure you that you won't regret it!!! Keep up the amazing work Ok Lah!
This is my favorite place to eat in Flushing! They only serve brown rice and yum. It's full of flavor (sea salt, turmeric, heirloom quinoa, extra virgin olive oil) I don't miss white rice at all and I feel great after. I typically come for lunch, and I get it after my work out at my local gym. It's the perfect combo of healthy grains, vegetables, salads, and lean proteins. I've already lost 8 pounds eating here. That is correlated with going to the gym. They really help me kick start my new year. I would recommend Ok Lah! to anyone looking to eat clean. They don't use msg, chicken powder, shellfish, nuts, or pork (at the moment). I'm so glad they're educating people about health, and that healthy food that can be full of flavor. The guys who work there are super friendly and passionate too, major plus. RECOMMENDED!
Ok Lah is no doubt one of the tastier healthy options among the food scene in Flushing. This place has become one of my favorite lunch spots in the area. For $11, you get a hearty meal that starts off with a choice of either brown rice or salad (both if you go half & half). That's right, they don't serve white rice in case you're wondering. A bold choice if not for the fact that their brown rice is well-cooked and pairs up really well with the rest of the menu. Next up, you pick out your two side dishes and your main entrée. The staff are very friendly people so just ask away if you have a question about what to get. My go-to side dishes has to be the tofu and the mashed sweet potato. They just remind me of home cooking and I find it especially hard to get sick of em. But every now and then I'll try a new side or the soup of the day. For the entrée, both the chicken and the steak are on point and available every day the place is open for business. The 3rd entrée choice that changes around is usually the one that runs out the quickest so it's first come, first served. Last but not least, I'm pretty sure this is one of the few food spots in Flushing that offers a loyalty program. So make sure to grab a loyalty card during your first visit (buy 10 bowls & get 1 free) and don't forget to keep getting it stamped! Well, Ok Lah! There goes my Yelp Review-ginity.
Ok Lah is another option for those who want to eat other foods besides what Flushing usually offers. The guys who own this place are so nice, and it's a very clean place. I got the platter of steak, brown rice and vegetables. It's a little more pricey than your typical Flushing meal, however it's far healthier. The brown rice was a bit dry but overall, the meal was good. It's located right inside the food court of Queens Crossing, near Paris Baguette/Kung Fu Tea.
What a breath of fresh air. I've been living in Flushing for 2 years now, and people always tell me that Flushing's got great food. Truth be told, I've exhausted what Flushing has to offer and have felt trapped in this cycle of eating the same greasy food, day in and day out.This new place is such a god send. It's everything I'd wish for in a meal that I wouldn't mind eating multiple days out of the week. No more greasy dumplings or bbq street meats in which I'm not even sure what I'm putting in my body. For $11 you get a clean, quality and wholesome meal. You really can't get this anywhere else in Flushing. My personal favorites:THE TOFU. It's so delicious. It's my must have side along with the avocado. Brown rice with the Hainanese chicken leg. This is such a generous portion. The hot sauce is legit. Getting my meal doused in it next time. I really can't overstate what this place is, I am not exaggerating. Give it a shot, it'll change your world!
I been dying to go here because I've been hearing so much rave about this new spot in flushing at queens crossing. Queens crossing has a lot of like poke related foods in it, but I've never rly been much of a fan. I tried this place yday because I was passing by and saw the fungbros recording a YouTube video for it and they told me to check it out cos it's rly good. So I ordered a plate. You get some rice, salad, and your choice of protein: salmon, hanger steak, or chicken and a bunch of other sides. I ordered the vermicelli rice noodles, salmon toast, and the chicken. My friend ordered the hanger steak and the silk tofu. First off I'm not rly a salad person but their salad was BOMB. I think they had mint leaves in there, that rly made the salad more flavorful and brought everything together. The chicken was perfectly cooked, super moist and full of flavor. The steak was also perfectly cooked!! Everything was sooo good. And everything was super healthy. This has definitely got to be my new favorite spot in flushing. It's in a little food court but you can see this new spot stole everyone else's customers just cos it's so unique and tasty. Come check this place out if you're around in flushing and need a new healthy meal for lunch or something!!
Delicious, healthy food although it is a tad expensive. It is good for a light lunch. It is $11 for a meal which consists of a base (brown rice or salad), two sides, and a choice of protein. I usually don't like brown rice but it was pretty good. For the sides I had the grilled avocado and duck egg tofu, both of which are delicious. The sides are cold except for the sweet potatoes. The salmon was good too but the portion size is a bit small. They also have calamansi juice, which is Filipino lemonade, for $2 and comes with free refills. There are plenty of seats nearby in the common food court area if you want to sit and eat.
Finally a healthy spot in Flushing and I'm talking about kale, beef, Sweet potatoes, salmon avocado and more! Sounds like it wouldn't exist in Flushing, but with the town's growing demographic I think this is very appropriate! Bowl costs around $11 and you can choose a base, a main and 2 sides.I got the kale salad with hangar steak with avocado and Mac n cheese with yam and sweet potato. Everything was tasty and comparable to what I'd taste in Fairways or Whole Foods. Not the cheapest item you'd find in Flushing but no where is healthy made food is cheap haha. I'll come try the salmon next time!
Unfortunately, I went here when they were all out of the bliss potatoes but, today they had roast pork so I wasn't too bummed out. I had half salad and half rice. The rice was well cooked and the salad was delicious as usual. I like how they add mint to the mix. At first it was surprising but with the dressing, it brings a nice spring-like flavor. Today's option also included spring radishes. I was surprised that they didn't have that spicy taste like the red ones but they taste super good!! It wasnt too sweet and it went well with the roast pork and everything else I had. The seasonal mac was great too! I liked how it tasted sweet but not too sweet. The green peppers and the celery brought a nice crunch to it too.NOW, LEMME TELL YOU ABOUT THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL!!!! Roast. Pork. One of the best kind of pork I've ever eaten! One can easily cut into it and it was so well seasoned and wasn't too chewy nor was it too tough. Get it with the spicy sauce and it's spicy heaven!To top it all off, the Calamansi juice made everything better. I love how sweet it is and I love how soft the flavor is compared to the lemonade I'm so used to. The people there are so nice and always have a smile on their face. I love how warm and inviting it is every time I go there.If you're not into pork, I highly suggest the salmon. The skin has an extremely nice crunch and the fish itself is full of flavor. So, in other words, this is such a great place compared to the other options Flushing has to offer. Although I love my pork fried dumplings and ma la tang, this place always leaves my tummy happy and full. ^-^
I love the food. It tastes so good and its health.I love it where it came to Flushing because Idon't need to lots of places. The best place I saw.
Ok Lah is OK (lah!). I think of Ok Lah as a better and lighter Dig Inn - the concept is essentially the same in that you go down the line picking your base, sides, and protein/main, but Dig Inn typically leaves me only able to finish 50% of my box and feeling like I just ate something extremely dense. Not so at Ok Lah! The sides seem to rotate so each time I've gone there has been at least 2 things different since the last time, but it's always tasty and interesting and adequately both light and filling at the end. My advice would be to go with the salad base though - I found the half and half to be too much with all the rest of the food.The main issue with Ok Lah is that everything seems pretty hit-or-miss. Sometimes the food is really good, and sometimes it's over- or under-done. Portions are also an issue and it seems like you get portioned based on your frame - I often go with my office and my petite supervisor will get a smaller piece than my larger coworker (which I think kind of makes sense but supervisor did not appreciate it). Steak is also hit-or-miss with some pieces being well-done and some being medium (I never get the steak but my officemates often do and compare cuts). Overall I enjoy Ok Lah and for $11 I feel it's a good deal, but it's definitely more of a lunch break spot that a place you take a visiting friend.
If you want to eat healthy fulfilling food that doesn't have much grease and oil this is the place to go. It's like the asian digg inn version. Food there is really great especially the tofu.
Clean and healthy food and very chick presentation. I almost eat this everyday during the week. Less oil, less sodium, more vegetable and more nutrition.
I've been wanting to try Ok Lah since my best friend told me about her heavenly mouth watering experience. Was sad the one time I tried to go I was too late because they close pretty early. Nevertheless, today I ventured off to the horrendous Saturday Flushing mob to get myself some Ok Lah. Unfortunately enough there weren't many seats to stay and enjoy my meal so I took it to go and saved it for dinner.Ordered the steak with rice, kale salad, Filipino Mac, and broccoli. You know food is good if you can heat it up later and still enjoy it as if it was just freshly prepared.I'm pretty picky about my macaroni salad because it's not my favorite side dish in the world but Ok Lah's Filipino Mac is the bomb! Better than any version my mom has ever made so that's saying a lot. Definitely want to go back and try the salmon next time.
Healthy meets Flushing! This is a breath of fresh air among the greasier nearby Chinese options. The owner, Carson, is really friendly and more than happy to guide you through what you can order. Kiiiiinda pricey but you'll leave happy and full but not bloated.
Ok lah manages to make healthy food taste down right amazing. My favorite is the steak, tofu and salted egg yolk croutons. The flavors are Mediterranean inspired and you can taste the quality. To open a restaurant not serving Chinese / Asian food in flushing was a big statement. DEFINITELY get the tofu.
11 bucks for pretty decent food if your looking for something filling but light. The chicken is really good. The beef looked a little bit dry. I would come here again
Came here looking for healthy food. For $11 it's not affordable for lunch but if you're in the area, it's cool. I ordered the salmon, half rice/half salad, broccoli side and sweet potato side. Everything tasted good but the rice is undercooked. When cooking quinoa they are supposed to bud and these are still whole, the rice was rough as well. If the rice/quinoa is steamed longer I would give this place 4 stars. If there was an option for 1 main and 1 side for $5, I would give this place 5 stars. I hope that my review is taken into consideration.
If I lived in Flushing (or if they were open later) I'd be here all the time. Randang meatballs, charred avocado, sweet potatoes, and 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice. Healthy, light, excellent salad dressing, looking forward to returning.
Great food! Comfort meets healthy eating Ok Lah is leading the way in the new trends and changing of the culture in the area. Very delicious highly recommend the chicken and the tofu side is amazing as well.
This is a hidden gem. Came across Ok Lah when looking for healthy food options in flushing and I was in for a treat.My order consisted of the 1/2 and 1/2 base, silky tofu/cherry tofu sides and the roasted chicken main. - Base review: salad with the dressing was very refreshing and the brown rice with quinoa has a slight nutty bite with a nice simple crunch. If you're not starving for carbs would recommend 1/2 and 1/2 option.- Sides review: not sure what sorcery was used but the silky tofu was very creamy and kept me wanting more. The cherry tofu was not pale in comparison at all, it was surprisingly springily with a burst of flavor in each bite.- Main: the chicken was very clean cut and pleasantly tender. Will definitely order this again.Overall you can see how much preparation, care and effort was put into each one of these dishes. The eye capturing presentation really opens up your appetite. The staff are very friendly and eager cater to customers. The wholesome mix of ingredients will keep me coming back.
Finally a HEALTHY option in Flushing! You can make your own bowls for $11. A steal for what you get. You get a choice of salad or brown rice (their rice has quinoa and turmeric, super delicious), 2 hot or cold sides, and 1 lean protein. The chicken is sooo juicy and perfectly cooked. Actually everything was thoughtful done. The guys who work there are super nice, they told me that they wanted to help the community and change the way they think about food. I could really eat this food everyday without feeling guilty. Go support them!
Great healthy alternative located in queens crossing food court in flushing. The meal includes a fresh salad with brown rice, selection of different sides and a protein. I really liked the meatballs and salmon. Delicious balanced meal with a lot of flavor. Will definitely be back
Very healthy and fast! The diet is very balanced with veggie, protein and carbs. Lovely place to have your work lunch! Ordered the grilled salmon, which was very juicy! Yummy!
I really like the healthy food here! Fast serving and very delicious! I ordered half/half (salad/brown rice), silken tofu, roasted broccoli,  grilled salmon last time and I think I probably will get the same plate today! Btw, the plate is $11 (tax incl.) and they accept credit cards!
I'm very excited to try this new place not only because I'm a Filipino and they offer some Filipino dishes, but because they are offering very healthy food! For the base you can choose between brown rice with quinoa or the salad or half and half. The sides are so good, you would wanna try everything! For the main, we ordered the roast chicken and it is very good too! They have salmon and steak as well! They have calamansi juice too! Will definitely come back!
Not "Ok Lah." The food was mediocre at best. Very salty potatoes and Brussels sprouts. Over rated yelp reviews.
The food has so much flavor. Nothing is bland. So filling without feeling guilty. The avocado is amazing. Even if it's a dollar more. I suggest mixing the cream that comes in the avocado to make it more creamier. Although the salmon is a smaller piece than the others, I do suggest the chicken. $11 is a steep price compared to other foods in Flushing. But it's delicious.
Healthy food is a rare sight in flushing so if you're looking for a healthy option this is the place to go. For $15 I got rice and quinoa, salad, Filipino Mac n cheese, rice noodles, beef stew, salmon miso soup, and a bottle of water. Food and service were great. It's quite refreshing to see a spot like Ok Lah in our area so I will definitely go back.
Very refreshing to find this type of food downtown Flushing.  Good potion size for those who are health conscious.
Carson provided great service and an insightful introduction to Ok Lah. The food is healthy, delicious, the sauces taste great, and the food display area was very presentably clean. It's a spot definitely worth stopping by more than once. The price for the food is great and I am happily satisfied with my first experience here.
This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides. This place is bomb, the chicken is perfect, if ur looking to eat clean but still want ur meat come here, great service and better food with lots of sides.
At last, there's a healthy alternative to literally everything else that makes up Flushing. This place on the come up offers food that looks straight out of New York City. And now it's here in Queens Crossing. A complete contrast to the surrounding area, which includes greasy and unhealthy Chinese food that's permeated Flushing since it came to be. The refreshing setup includes a neon sign saying "Ok Lah!" in cursive, letting customers get a feel of their vibe, and bright lights illuminating the whole area. A long piece of glass separates the food from customers, where they can see everything Ok Lah has to offer for the day. Similar to how you would order something at Chipotle, you pick a base first (salad, rice, both, etc..), and then two sides (spicy cucumber, tofu, charred avocado, broccoli, etc.) and then a main to top it off (grilled steak, roasted chicken, vegetarian, etc.) You can always expect top notch service from the two guys running the whole show. Honestly, $11 is around the same price as any other place would charge their items. These guys give generous portions and then some. So if you want to try an awesome spot, be sure to give this place a shot. They don't disappoint.
First time here and I already love the food! The guy was really friendly, nice, patient and suggestive to people who are new there. Love the smell of all the fresh food. Really hygienic and love how there are many options to choose from but sad that I came at the time they were about to close if not I would've tried their salmon :( Will definitely be back to try ALL their other food selections.
Healthy and tasty! So glad a spot like this finally opened in Flushing.
The staff who work here are very friendly and happy to help. The food was quite tasty along with their accompanying spicy sauces. We had the salmon and chicken main dishes and my kids devoured it. The Filipino fountain drink is a little weird in the beginning but it grows on you. If we lived close by would come visit more often.
I was looking forward to healthier options in Flushing but this spot disappointed me. Too much rice, small protein portions, and uninspiring sides.
Good food. Rare healthy food option in Flushing.  It's a chipotle style type restaurant with a Southeast asian theme. Their Calamansi Juice (Filipino Lemonade) is pretty good and you can have free refills, tastes more or less like regular lemonade, but a little bit better i guess.  And the Hot and Sour salmon soup is pretty good. I was expecting something like chinese hot and sour soup with salmon meat in it, but i was pleasantly surprised to find a clear broth hot and sour salmon soup. Refreshing and fresh. The salmon actually tastes FRESH which is hard to come by in Flushing. The salmon fried rice was pretty good too. And Did you know?: you can get anything as a side instead of buying the whole set.   The downside is i'm not a fan of kale or macaroni. But other than that, pretty good. Duck egg tofu, sounds weird, never tried it , so i can't really tell what it tastes like.Praise the Lord Jesus Christ for his GRACE is GOOD. Literally, the Lord knows what we have need of even before we pray.
Fantastic place. Always wanted a "dig-in" like healthy meal option. It also has a Chinese and Filipino style and flavoring to it! Foods great and the owner is very friendly. IMO the food is given at a great price and doesn't break the bank. It's more expensive than your typical five dollar flushing lunch but that is the price of quality
Great place, health and yummy. Just a few advice if you want to order there . Skip the noodle salad because it is very flat, no taste at all. And also skip the Philippino mac, it smells really really weird, I think they added vinegar and mayonnaise in there. Wish they can reconsider something else to replace those two sides. Other than that their foods are great. I will go there again.
