I have loved this place since it first opened but the brunch I had today is driving me to write one of my first ever reviews. I had the caprese avocado toast and it was SOOO delicious! Honestly, I must have told my husband a dozen times how much I liked it while I was eating it. The burger is top notch and I've also very much enjoyed the Rachel and the Texas Club. The decor is just my style and the employees there are always nice. Keep up the great work!
Amazing. Cute little deli up the road from my new job. Pleasant staff, clean restaurant. I ordered the ham and cheese and it was HUGE!! It was also delicious!! Their potato salad is so good, except it comes in a tiny ramekin and is nowhere near enough to compliment the sandwich. The price was good too. Less than $12 including tip. I don't usually love Dijon mustard, but theirs was great. They used just the right amount. I can't wait to check out the rest of their menu. I heard great things about their burgers...
Came here after the Dripping with Taste fest in search of some filling food. I chose this place because I saw they had a reuben and I am all about a good reuben.  Sadly, the reuben here did not deliver. It was OK, but for being a deli-style restaurant, it was definitely lacking. Firstly, there was barely any meat. They do have an NYC option for the reuben, but the regular reuben is listed at 5oz of meat (which in my experience is usually plenty, but did not seem like the amount I got on my visit) and for $12.75 there should have been more heft than the skinny sad little reuben that I was served. What meat there was was good, but because there was so little, the dressing overpowered it and it just was not what I was looking to satisfy my craving. I got the spicy version, which was flavorful, but again, there was not enough to really enjoy. The red potato salad that came with was also a bit dry and bland.  Maybe it was because we came a little before closing? Not sure. I probably should have gone w/the slaw.For $16 w/tax, tip, and drink, I have to say it was a bit overpriced. But, the restaurant itself was cute and the owner/server was very nice.UPDATE: The owner did kindly reach out and because of his graciousness I am willing to give the reuben here another go, especially since the beef used is locally sourced and pasture raised!
We ate there today for the second time and chose it because of their known brunch menu. Although everyone was, more or less, pleased with their menu choices, we had to ask twice for them to refill the coffee urn. Their salmon--cured on site-- is their signature item, and it's really good but rather pricey.  Very casual, order at counter, and not many tables; so there may be a wait. The owner doesn't take well to suggestions, either, as evidenced by the owner caustically confronting me for my review, as well as other people we know who have had negative experiences with him.
This place is crazy good. Best lox and bagel I've ever had (that's saying a lot considering I just got back from NYC). I had the salad and added lox. My family had lox bagel and pesto and can't stop talking about it. My daughter HOUSED her lox and bagel.
Amazing AGAIN! Everything we ordered from brunch menu was devoured.  Avocado toast is a full meal with a duck egg on top. Bacon Mac and cheese served with an egg too.
Tried this place for breakfast when coming home from camping a couple of months ago and was highly impressed by the options on the menu. I had the #18 bagel with egg & cheese, and it was super fresh and tasty. if you're adventurous you may be up for trying some of the other options on their menu. They offer lox, Capote caper, pole-caught American albacore, etc.Clean establishment. Worth checking out! They deserve bonus points for their order online feature.
Food is very fresh and very tasty. Good choices and nice size meals. Really liked it a lot!
Yes I agree the food is pretty good but man this place ain't cheap. Finally got a chance to stop in and try their famous Reuben sandwich. It was tasty but I don't think it was worth the almost $13 for it. They give you a puny side of fairly bland potato salad with it which didn't help at all. The wife only wanted the chicken noodle soup which she loved, seemed home cooked with quality ingredients. That's all we ordered so with 1 sandwich, 1 cup of soup and a small scoop of potato salad it was over $20 with no drinks and tip. Seemed pricey to me for so little food. We'll probably go back to try their salads and other sandwiches but honestly I was expecting more from this place.
My lovely lady and I stopped by for a late snack. We were greeted by a friendly staff in the rather stark restaurant.White wine selection, by the glass, is pretty atrocious. But the french dip was pretty good. She liked her soup, whatever it was. BUT the burger, while tiny (larger than a slider, but not by much) was out, freaking, standing. One of the best patties one can find. Not a ton of options but an excellent, tiny burger makes up for a lot.
The bagels are outstanding. They come in plain, sesame and everything. The cream cheese is plain or they'll cut up some scallions in it if you want. I wouldn't exactly compare this to Wholy Bagel because there are not a million bagel and cream cheese options. This is more of a lunch spot. I wish they were open earlier in the morning, but I need to accept that this isn't an early morning bagel shop. The service is always top notch. If you like lox, this is the place to get it. I doubt there's better lox in town. I'm looking forward to trying the reuben next time I go. If you have a hankering for a good bagel and lox, definitely give it a try!
Had the BLT with fig jam - really good. Clean and nice atmosphere- only complaint was the boss(owner?) came out from behind the counter to reprimand the wait staff - NOT COOL!
Wow, a real, honest to goodness NY style deli right here in... Darn, Dripping Springs.    It's worth the drive folks and honestly not far out of Oak Hill.  Gorgeous space with great energy, lots of "cute" but no hipster. Love that.  We were greeted by a darling strawberry blonde, and her recommendation of the lox and bagel makes her my new best friend.  I ate 3 hours ago, and I'm ready for another.  From "real" bagel dough shipped from NJ, they make bagels daily, in house.  The proprietor smokes the meats himself, including the incredible lox!  I'm always careful about bread, so I tried to eat only the top part of my everything bagel, scraping the insides onto one side, pizza style.  I found myself going back for bite after bite, however.  Addicted. The hubby tried the eggs Benedict and pronounced it yum.  The poached eggs were spot on perfect; a thing of beauty.   We'll go back for Reuben's and beer/wine. They have a great list of both, as well as take out roast chicken, sides and pastas.  We hope they expand into S Austin!
For great food and service that never disappoints, this place it at the top of our list! When traveling we go out of our way to make a stop here and have lunch. And as always our eyes are bigger than our bellies! Not to mention the bacon and smoked mackerel we purchase to take home:). We respect places such as this that take pride in what they serve and how they serve it. Can't wait to have lunch here again!!!!!
So many words to describe this place, AMAZING, DELICIOUS, OUTSTANDING... I could go on but let's get to the heart of it.The food is amazing, fresh and the staff here is great! This is my normal Sunday spot. I love the patio outside so quiet. I enjoy getting away from the Austin rush of things and just relaxing and really enjoying my breakfast or lunch. You can always find the owner here, wich shows true passion.
We love lox box and barrel! My favorite for lunch is the BLT add avocado and their soups are always delicious.  Yesterday was the first time we visited for breakfast and it was amazing I had  egg plate with avocado and potatoes and a bagel.  The bagel is served hot and delicious and so is everything else.  The owners and staff are always personable and the restaurant is always clean..  I love the Decor tooI recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a great meal either to dine in or carry out.
They do not take call in phone orders. This is super inconvenient since this is a place that you would go to on the way to a destination since there aren't many anchor businesses around them. Placing an order online while driving is really dangerous especially if you are already on 290 where 4 people just died in a car accident on Mother's Day. I needed to place an order for 5 breakfast sandwiches for my boss and wasn't able to make the deadline because their online system actually cuts off before their posted breakfast end times. I'm currently now waiting, been waiting for 10 minutes so far, for lunch sandwiches that I had to order when I arrived because of their system. I think they have a few more logistical kinks to work out.
A great place to get the finest deli, any pick from the menu will be a great experience, their style is fresh and cozy, makes you feel like you're eating over your best friend's house where you can have a great chat while having an awesome meal. Every bite is a delight, a very smart choice from this business is the use of local products which makes the final results be incredible fresh and tasty, the place is very clean and the staff is just unbelievable, great overall service. Can't wait for my next visit! :)
Delicious. Everything we had was fantastic. We were just traveling through and happened upon it and were wonderfully surprised!
Hands down....FIVE STARS....I've been on the hunt for good deli (real deli) for a long time.  Let's face it, we have few deli's in town that truly are a deli, by other than TEXAS standards.  LBB managed to not only nail it, but added a Texas flair.I arrived later in the afternoon today, with a friend/date...and we both ordered the Reuben (spicy).  We ordered the smaller version (as they also offer the New Yorker for those that want the oversize deli sandwich).  This proved to be the perfect size for both of us (we each ordered our own).  I also ordered a side (double side) of bacon.  When I read that the restaurant smokes their own Lox, Bacon and Corned beef...we just had to add it.  Glad we did.  The bacon is uniquely flavored and absolutely decadently perfect.  Next time, I will try the BLT...The Reuben came on a marbled rye and the bread was fantastic.  I also want to note, we didn't see one sign of PepsiCO or Coca Cola products...rather, they use a local soda company featuring cane sugar and natural flavorings...Sure Sugar Soda Company out of Austin.  I tried the cola and it was a pleasure.The sandwhich came with their own house made pickles and chips...Not too much and not too little.The service was exemplary given you order at a counter, they not only bring your order to the table, they follow up without being intrusive.  I have to say, this place is worthy of a visit and will become a regular for me.I look forward to working through their menu as many items caught my eye.  I noticed a table near us ordered a Greek Salad, and I almost regretted my choice as the salad also look great.
We ate at Lox, Box and Barrel for the second time. Our first meals there were bagels and they rated four stars. We decided to spend for the pricey Reuben and Beef Au Jus for the most recent visit. The corn beef or Pastrami on the Rueben was super salty and parts of it were tough and hard to chew. The sauerkraut was so full of water that the bread was soggy on the bottom slice and a pool of fluid lay on the plate. Suggest the chef press the water out of the sauerkraut before placing it on the sandwich. I am sorry we did not march this sandwich to the manager for credit. The roast beef au jus was totally unremarkable. The bread lacked character and the gravy and beef had little seasoning and very little flavor. This was a bland sandwich. The staff was welcoming. Service was top notch. Restaurant interior was pleasing. Location is tough to get into from Highway 290 if driving westbound and having to cross oncoming traffic. NOTE: The owner truly cares about this business and offered to refund price paid. But, I have to turn down his offer because we did consume the food. We'll try Lox Box and Barrel again and will let the owner know right away if food has a problem.
A group of friends and I really enjoyed this place after spending the day at the Deep Eddy Vodka Distillery. The restaurant was dead quiet without any other customers besides our group (due to the time we went in) and it was great! The menu offered lots of different options and flavors with sandwiches, breakfast items, and great fresh sides. Everyone in our group loved their meals and raved over the great mix of flavors and presentation of the food itself. My favorite part was the meal I ordered was a FoodSharing meal meaning that they donated a meal to a youth in need with my purchase. I also got a little card with my order thanking me and letting me know it was seed paper and could be planted. It may sound cheesy but I love little quirks like that! I would recommend for sure if you're looking for a tasty lunch spot.
Note to the business: If you are going to force customers to orders "to go" for the last half hour of the business being open, advertise this on your operating hours. The employees there were rude in telling my party that we were not allowed to eat in the restaurant because we arrived during the last half hour of the business' operating hours.For an analogy, most fast food restaurants display hours when their dining area is closed and their drive-thru is the only area open. The dining area will be open until the closing hour, and customers who are in the dining area past closing time could remain in the dining area until they are done with their meal. This business could take some note of this, and operate their business in a similar way.Needless to say, I didn't order any of their food due to their attitude leaving a bad taste for food I haven't even ordered yet. It's amazing how bad customer service can immediately make food taste bad when it hasn't even been made yet.*EDIT after the business page owner posted the following response (in case it somehow disappears):"We do not have policy of forcing customers to do anything, if you show up 10 minutes before closing we politely inform you that the restaurant closes in 10 minutes. If you are immediately rude to the staff in any establishment I doubt they would show you any courtesy either."...The business page's owner's response proves my point. What the business page owner here stated would happen didn't. I'm the customer, and this was my experience. I wasn't rude to the staff; I just walked out after they told me they would only serve food "to go" half an hour before closing. The fact that the business page owner seems to be accusing me of being rude to the staff is rather disturbing, and seems to be a method to twist this review into something that it is not. Thanks for reading.
This place is epic. Not just because of the food (probably the best lox I've ever had) but because of their service. I'm used to eating lox or sushi and all kinds of other non-pregnancy foods when I wasn't pregnant and it's hard to quit cold just because I got pregnant!! But the owner here and the staff offered to make me heated lox which is safe for pregnant women and gave me so many other options. They are super patient. Their menu is also super extensive and diverse so there's really something for everyone here, even if lox isn't your thing. If I could give 10 stars I would!!
When I'm in the area, I love stopping in for a sandwich. I'm a sucker for their roast beef with cheddar on a baguette.... I'm a sucker for any good roast beef and cheddar sandwich. But theirs has a nice kick with wasabi mayo. They use quality ingredients and I'll definitely be back whenever in the area.
After 4 visits I felt it was time.  Could one possibly eat more lox in one week?  The #17 has been in my dreams since first discovering.  Each subsequent visit brings me to the same meal and I cannot get past this.  HELP!  Why would I change perfection?  The combo of the flavors is just what the doctor orders, the location on my way in and out of town, the great staff, I could go on!  THANK you for keeping it local, keeping it delicious, and something DIFFERENT, not Mexican food (you can only eat that 6 days a week), pizza, etc.  Expensive?  I am worth it.  You can tell the quality.  I don't have to drive to Austin, YAY!.  Any naysayers are spoiled brats! Go back to McD's and get your #1 or #2 and shut up.
It was ok. I ordered a salad with green goddess dressing, but it was not green goddess. We ordered my grandson a grilled cheese which he would not eat. We tasted it and it was burned. I think it is over priced. It was $34 for lunch for my daughter & 2 year old grandson and we had water to drink. My daughter got a sandwich which was to be served with chips & a pickle. They did not come with her order so she asked for them and got maybe 10 little broken chips on a plate and still no pickle.I was not impressed, but my daughter ate there about a week ago and said it was great. So maybe a bad day.
This place is awesome! It's a very farm to table establishment, and everything is super fresh. I recommend the roast beef sandwich, it's the best I've ever had.
We come here almost every Monday, every time great service, great people, and most of all the food is amazing. The hamburgers are really good, sometimes they run out of you don't get there early enough. The daves insanity sauce is great, just um...watch your pour. Shits dangerous. The mr gets the Rueben every time but we got the turkey and hot damn that was not expected. Totally amazing. I still love the lox sandwich, it's worth it! I highly recommend them if you are in the area. And they have a really great team that works there.
As a native New Englander intimately familiar with NYC bagels, I was delighted by this clean, cool bagel joint. The staff were very nice and helpful, and the made to order food was delicious. Although they have limited bagel flavor options (you are not going to find a "sourdough-pumpkin bagel" here), they've got the standbys that most people are looking for anyway. We'll be back.
This is one of the Best Sandwich Shops Around! Fresh Ingredients, house cured lox Amazing!Staff is great they take pride in what they serve!Definitely a good place to get a beer and a great Sandwich!
Sandwiches are amazing but the salad was meh. Had the Cesar with chicken. The chicken didn't taste fresh as if it had been cooked the day before. This probably wouldn't bother most but I can't stand reheatedChicken. I'll just stick to the sandwiches but go less becasue carbs and my 40's don't get along.
I've only been once so far but I thought the Reuben was great. I can't wait to try the bagels.
What kind of lox and bagels place doesn't open until 10.  Good food but weird hours hence my 2star review
Just had an amazing breakfast for a very reasonable price. Great value!! Added lox to my breakfast plate and it was delicious. Stop here on your way out to wine country and get a good base before a fun day!!
There may be a couple of ins and outs to this new-ish place, but I can't help but give a full 5 stars for their thoughtfully chosen ingredients and straightforward, yet unique menu.First time going I thought the club was a good bet.  The "Texas Clubhouse" has flavorful smoked bacon, amazing (house made?) mayonnaise, great cheddar cheese and bright fresh veggies.  It's amazing.  I don't usually eat jalapenos, but the ones on here were sweet and just-right spicy.A little bready, but a nice fair serving--only other complaint--a proper side of chips would be a nice touch for a $11+ sandwich.*Get extra pickles.  This was the best pickle spear I've ever eaten.
This is a great place. Fresh. Great flavors Local. Don't miss the house cured items. But, occasionally the owner does impromptu dinners. Watch Facebook. I started with a salad that had tomatoes, summer strawberries, mozzarella, greens, and a vinaigrette. The first bite was lettuce. I actually said "wow" out loud. Who the heck says wow when they eat lettuce? And then feels compelled to write about it?I guess I do.
Um, wow. We stumbled across this deli while house hunting. I am so glad we did! Real New York style deli with absolutely delicious food. The menu had a large selection, including multiple types of lox. We tried two different lox bagels and both were fabulous. They also have a nice kids menu and brought our son's fruit out first- which was nice. We ordered at the counter and received our food very quickly. The desserts looked divine - will have to try them next time.
We ordered a club, bagel with cream cheese, onion & tomato and a French dip. All were delicious. Nice atmosphere and good service. We will be back.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! It's a great deli and we love to go there for brunch. My favorite is THE BREUBEN, which is house-made corned beef, sauerkraut, scrambled eggs, Swiss cheese and Russian dressing on a bagel. It is DELICIOUS. I would highly recommend this deli to anyone.
Love this place and the quality of their food. I'm obsessed with the lox and goat cheese sandwich. It's so delish! Also, if you ever get the chance to have the savory bread pudding, it's out of this world...brunch special, not on menu.
Black Friday in the hill country outside of Austin. Wanted to get a Pieous Pie, but they took off. Their loss, our gain as we stumbled on Lox, Box & Barrel! A delightful little sandwich shop with truly phenomenal lox and bagel. Just delicious and Chameleon Cold Brew--what's not to love?
Great food, can't wait to come back. Want to eat it all, I need a bigger stomach.Had the Turkey Pastrami and the Bagel and Lox. The bread on the sandwich was crazy good and want to try it on the corned beef. Would be great to have a side of all those great pickled veggies.
Been here a few times and each time I am disappointed. They are overpriced. I got a chicken ceaser salad and there were 3 small strips of chicken, and it was a $3 add on charge for the chicken. I don't care if it is free range chicken or organic chicken, that is a rip off! Their coffee is good though.
Always passed by this place when heading in/out of Dripping Springs. It's inconspicuously hidden on the corner of a small shopping center and can be easily skipped if you're not placing close attention. However, if you do remember where it is and have an appetite, I'd highly recommend it! The sandwich was amazing and the homemade kettle chips & homemade pickle spears were addicting. Awesome, tasty & legit little joint.
My first visit here as it is a little off the beaten path.   First off, the good... I came in around 2 pm and was greeted right away, the staff is friendly and my order arrived in less than five minutes.  The place is cute inside and I love the fact that it's local and has a farm feel.  Anyway, I ordered the cheddar bacon burger and was slightly above average.  The bun and bacon were good but the burger was below average mainly because it was fatty and sub-par quality meat.  I buy my beef at Costco and my burgers have a better flavor and less grease.  At first I thought it was the bacon and cheese that was so greasy but I ate the meat separately and it was indeed the patty that was dripping with grease.  With good beef, this burger could be as good as Mighty Fine but right now, theirs is a 4 1/2 and this one is more like a 3 1/2.  Another thing that I didn't like is the odd little licorice tasting (yuk) (fennel?) seeds sprinkled on the burger.  Another thing, the potato salad side was tiny (in a condiment mini cup) and very tasteless.  I realize I am a foodie and a harsh critic but I don't think I will order the burger here again.  With that said, I would love to see places like this succeed so I would possibly try another menu item.  That's my story, lock, stock & barrel!
I am not sure how this place could be better. Everything we have tried has been nothing less than excellent. Don't sleep on the hamburger. Why wait in line at hoppdoddy when you can come here.
Really good.  Really really good.  I had the dip. Impressive.  I'll be trying the cob next time. It looked awesome sitting in front of one the customers close by. They didn't leave a crumb. Neither did I.
Had the Veggie Melt. Delicious. Fresh veggies on a fresh ciabatta roll. Served fast and hot. Nice selection of unique drinks including teas and ales. The atmosphere is very modern and inviting and clean. We will definitely be returning.
Ridiculously Great FoodSuper Fun atmosphereNice Peoplewhat more do you need?
So nice to have a cool place like this between Austin & Dripping Springs. The food is real good and fresh and so's the coffee. Really nice menu and reasonable prices.
My new favorite lunch place! Hard to find quality ingredients and chef prepared meals this side of town. So happy we stumbled upon this place. We ordered the Lox and the Rueben. The portions were generous, the bread from a local baker, the meats fresh, produce local. So delicious. They also have kid friendly meal options. The prices are great given the high quality. If you have dietary issues or just eat clean, in general, definitely check them out.
So excited that this place opened.  This place is Ahhh-mazing.  We are already planning our next trip and what we want to try.  The BLT, the Cobb salad, all of it!  Stopped in for lunch and was so happy I did. Great food, great atmosphere and $2 wine for lunch on a Friday. Can't get any better than that! Thanks LB&BThe Reuben with spicy Russian dressing was outstanding.
My husband and I stopped here for lunch the other day and were really pleased! I had the grilled chicken sandwich (with pesto -- my fave) and he had the French dip, and both were delicious! The bill was a little pricey (sandwiches are $8-12 and drinks are over $2), but the sandwiches are quite large and you're definitely getting all the food you paid for. Also love that they support local farms. We'll definitely be back.
Good spot for lunch. Not a cheap lunch, but great quality amd generous portions. My group had reuben, roast beef and french dip. All very good. Roast beef had Wasabi horseradish which had some kick, but great flavor. Shared potatoe salad which was excellent. Lemon bar and brownie were also great. Casual but nice decor. Wil be back to try breakfast!
Have eaten here 6-7 times, The Texas club is amazing, just the right kick. Don't skip on the locally made Root beer.
Prob one of the best sandwich shops around w hand down best Lox in town. Staff is very helpful and happy to help a customer out!
glad this place is here near Dripping, really good sandwiches.  A friend and I met there for coffee and a bagel, the total for two lox bagels and one small coffee and minimum tip choice on the iPad was $27.60.  the lox was great, but sadly the price isn't sustainable for regular stops.
Hard toasted bread for my roast beef which was very difficult to eat. Maybe flavor up the roast beef a bit. Sandwich was very plain.  I usually give a place a second chance, but the cook was smug and left a bad taste in my mouth. Nice guy walking around checking on people. Possibly owner/manager?  You can tell he is putting in the effort for this new business. I really wanted to like this place with the cool name. Ps. Toasted bread with right out of the refrigerator cold roast beef doesnt go well together.
The best BLT I've ever had! Friendly and helpful wait staff. Super clean and welcoming  atmosphere. They haven't seen the last of us ;) I can't wait to try more!
Had the New Yorker... it was delicious. I'm glad my honey and I decided to split it because it's pretty massive.  On the other hand even though I was stuffed... I was craving more because it was so tasty.  I also bought a side of the pickled jalapeños and that REALLY set it off!  When we were done I went to see if they had any of the pickled jalapeños in a jar to sell and take home, but sadly they don't offer that yet.  Hint hint... After all said and done we had a very fulfilling lunch and we will be back for more!
Very good food! Great options. The sides could have used a bit more flavor. They also had a good beer/wine/soft drink selection.  I had the pesto chicken breast sandwich.  The prices YIKES. A high on prices.
Slow down on 290 and stop in for the most delicious bagel and house smoked lox! 5 stars!!
Strolled in here before going to the nail shop next door. Great place! Hope they survive this location because the food was fantastic. Clean shop, great decor, friendly staff. Will absolutely be back!
This was a really solid sandwich. It's like if your mom tried to make a gourmet lunch for you - which I mean in a really positive way. You could tell that they were new, maybe figuring things out but really cared about producing a quality product for the customer. I'll be back!
Great quality, gourmet food. Love the bagel and lox and all the sandwiches, yes, I've tried them all. Haven't tried dinner yet, but looking forward to it! Did brunch with my family on Sunday and it was delicious!
Delicious food, friendly service and a very pleasant space to hang out at. We had a couple of sandwiches (French dip and BLT) and a bowl of soup (something Italian with beans, vegetables and dairy-free), all very yummy. Can't wait to come back and try their lox.
My biggest complaint: rude manager/owner. We are all about supporting local businesses but you have to Want our business. This guy obviously does not. Also, No wifi, virtually no breakfast despite yelp listing it as breakfast (manager/owner said, "well, that's yelp"), and terrible fountain soda. It has beer & wine for lunch but given his attitude, we won't be back. Want to support locals who are happy to see us instead. Rest of staff was great though. Food was just so-so, too.
We had the best lunch!  Where to start?! The BLT and Bagel & lox were fresh and huge and tasty with the perfect capers and red onion marmalade- seriously a symphony of flavors on the sammies...extras too, like pickles to die for. Cobb Salad- amazing.  Clubhouse- stacked. Wow.Beer- score, and what a deal! Everything. So. GREAT! Yummy fresh iced teas (yep- two fine choices), and the cane sugar soda machine options were really tempting, but we passed. I have a lemon square connoisseur in the family- reporting theirs was the best one ever ever ever.
Probably the best BLT I've ever had. Everything I ordered tasted fresh and homemade. Very friendly staff, and fun and relaxed atmosphere.
This place is SO good. Wonderful sandwiches, soups and salads, all with local and fresh ingredients. I had the BLT (add a fried egg!) and cheesecake brownie, and my wife had the veggie cheesesteak. They really were outstanding. Fantastic new addition to the area! Can't wait for them to start doing breakfasts!
Had the turkey club...super good! Nice to get a local business with good food out in this area!
As a native North Easterner, I was hard pressed to find top-of-the-line smoked lox deep in the heart of Texas, but the search is over now that I've found Lox Box & Barrel. This gourmet deli not only has the best bagel & lox I've found yet in Texas, but has an incredible lineup of amazing sandwiches, salads, and soups as well.Quick counter service to eat in or easy grab n' go ready made meals to take out with you on your way out of Austin into the hill country.Amazing friendly staff make this an easy choice to return to many times in the future.
Probably the best turkey Reuben I've had in a long time. I'll definitely return just for that. Everything else looked delicious. Staff was friendly and efficient. Nice addition to the eateries on 290.
I haven't found deli food like this anywhere in Texas!  The turkey pastrami was so tasty - reminded me of the Turkey Joe's I used to order in Chatham, NJ.  The roast beef with wasabi horseradish, also incredibly delicious.  And the lox & bagel I ordered last weekend for breakfast was just perfect.  Thank you so much for being here, so close to home!  This will definitely be my go to lunch and breakfast spot.
Went for brunch today and had the Bruben - Reuben on a New York bagel with a fried egg!  It was awesome!  The deli case had a great display of smoked salmon so I got some lox and salmon pate to take home for pre Thanksgiving snacks - love this place!
We got a New Yorker and roast beef sandwich. On the New Yorker, the homemade corned beef was the best I have ever had. Not too salty and went well with the marble rye, sauerkraut, cheese, and dressing. The homemade pickles are great. The quality of the roast beef and cheese was great. The baguette was not toasted like another reviewer experienced. I know some reviewers talk about the price, but the quality of the ingredients is what you are paying for. My family will definitely be going back again.
I've stopped here many times for their classic breakfast bagel and can say that it's fantastic.   The smoked salmon is really good, but it's the fresh bagels that make it outstanding.  Today we stopped for lunch and I had the corned beef reuben and my wife had the green goddess cobb salad.  They use fresh ingredients and it shows, everything was very flavorful and the marble rye on the reuben was outstanding.  I've read several reviews complaining about the price, but you get what you pay for.  If you want processed meat on plastic bread, there's a subway across the street :-)   I highly recommend this restaurant.
OMG, very mediocre corned beef at an outrageous price. I could go to Manhattan and get twice the sandwich for less. Note to the owners this is not Manhattan and your quanity and product is not good enough to warrant your prices
What a disappointment! I've been excitedly waiting for this place to open, so my high expectations probably contributed to my disappointment. It wasn't that the food was bad, but $10 for a tuna salad sandwich with about a 1/2 inch of tuna salad? All I tasted was the bread. And for your $10, you don't even get a tortilla chip on the side...just a really weird tasting pickle. My husband got a meat sandwich that was similar...mostly bread.
I had lunch there yesterday, best BLT sandwich I have ever had, and this was my second time to go there, and get it from them, so thought I would post a report.  Extremely good "B" which they smoke in-house.   This sandwich has some kind of onion marmalade spread which is just outstanding.  Good bread, well toasted. Funny, how such a simple thing can be hard to pull off well, but they sure do it.  No, its not cheap.  But yes, it's worth every bit of what they charge for it.  Heavy rain at lunchtime yesterday seemed to drive everyone indoors, all tables were occupied when I walked in the door, but by the time I ordered, one opened up, and I noticed the staff was really hustling to get tables cleared and cleaned the minute folks left.  There are very few places in Austin that cure their own meat (much less smoke their own fish, like they do here).  It is a labor of love, and to do it well seems to require passion bordering somewhat on obsession.  This establishment reminds me of what Jesse Griffith is doing at his Dai Due Restaurant on Manor Road.  I have been to feral hog hunting , butchering and cooking school with Jesse, i.e am a little bit more fixated on bacon processes than most folks (and for many years I had a pet pig I raised on a milk bottle, named Patsy Cline).  There are worse things to be obsessed with, than bacon, try the BLT here and see what you think.  - William Osborn (owner of place down the hill with the old passenger railroad cars being restored).
Nice friendly staff. Ordered the Corned Beef Reuben...Great tasting sandwich. It had less meat than I had expected having seen some advertised photos, but tasted awesome.
This place is a must visit.  The food is amazing and the people are great.  Try the breakfast reuben but everything on the menu is fantastic.  Just what Drippin' needed.
