You MUST get the braised beef noodle soup. This broth has such a warm, homey feel. The braised beef is sweet and it melts in your mouth. I love getting it with the extra wide hand pulled noodles! The classic lanzhou beef noodle soup is also good if you like something saltier and meaty tasting. I don't think the lamb burger is really that good here, but the noodles are perfect for a cold, rainy day. I think it is a lot better than the Lanzhou noodles in New World Mall. In fact, I think this is my favorite place for hand pulled noodles in Flushing. It has been really easy to get a seat during peak times when I have come here. The prices are also very reasonable. It's definitely worth the venture away from busy Main Street to grab a bite!
This place was...okay. We came in about a half hour before closing so it was just us and another party in the restaurant. The waiter could barely speak English, so when our food came, about a few minutes in, my boyfriend and I realized that they switched the noodles on us with the orders. I ordered the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodle with REGULAR Noodles and my bf got the Original Beef Noodle Soup with THICK noodles. Being that it was our first time, we didn't have any clue as to what sizes our noodles were supposed to be. Also considering the fact that theres FIVE different sizes, it would still be hard to tell one apart from the other. We noticed when it was too late and we were halfway done with our bowls. Anyways, my thick noodles were on the al-dente side but I strongly doubt this was done intentionally lol. They needed to be cooked an extra 5 minutes I tell you. The broth (the entire bowl I should say), was sort of bland with not much flavor going on at all. As for the meat, I was impressed. The beef slices were actually pretty thick- something I hardly see in noodle shops. The meat is usually VERY thin with a LOT of fat on the edges. I can't say that about this place. One downfall- the bowls had an insufficient amount of meat. I was happy with the way the slices were cut, but not with the quantity of it. It also had zero flavor/seasoning. Maybe its supposed to absorb the broth and use that to give it flavor, but again, the broth lacked any flavor. My boyfriend was satisfied with his meal regardless of the noodle mistake (but he's a simple man satisfied with food as long as it tastes good). He would go back. I, on the other hand would not. My stomach was hurting for the rest of the night, and not in a good way, which leads me to believe that something I ate was off. Perhaps they leave the meat out too long before cooking? Not sure and I'm not accusing anyone of anything but the food did not settle well with me and I've been to my fair share of noodle places. A restaurant making me not feel well afterwards is the only reason I need to not go back. Regarding cleanliness, I wouldn't praise this place. During our dinner, they were SWEEPING towards the kitchen side which was only a few tables down from us. You start cleaning AFTER you have closed up for the day, certainly NOT while customers are still there. While eating, I saw one of the cooks in the back (since there is no door) carry a large trash bin over his head from one side to the other. Ummm...you are in a kitchen with food and utensils and counterspace out everywhere. A trashbin is well..a TRASH bin! Dirt could be flying everywhere in those small 10 seconds. This had me very uneasy and uncomfortable and I struggled to finish my food afterwards. Call me a neurotic but I am VERY particular about cleanliness and this restaurant, does not fit the bill. Also, after viewing other photos of the food on yelp, I observed that they don't put much care into presenting a nice plate. It looks like they kind of just throw things ontop of the plate and serve it, with the food being disheveled and sloppy. Makes me wonder how tidy their kitchen area is and how they keep the food and cooking equipment back there. The waiter did not come back the entire time after our food was served to us. We needed more napkins..more water. Let me remind you that there were only TWO parties in the restaurant including us. We didn't tip. They didn't deserve it. Overall, I would give them 2.5 stars but since you can't do half stars, its going up as a 2. I think they have alot they need to improve on.
She'll be Cumin 'round the mountain when she comes.  Guess who's Cumin to dinner?  I'm Cumin out.  See what I did there?  Cumin may well be my favorite spice if only 'cause it lends itself so well to silly puns. Well, okay, I also happen to like the distinctive smoky, musky flavor it brings to the party.  It's a huge reason why I love Cumin Lamb.  (Duh.)  And it's also why I'm a fan of Cumin Lamb Burgers (Double Duh.)  So when one of my Yelp peeps insisted the Cumin Lamb Burger from here was better than the now legendary one from Xi'an Famous Foods, I was all over it:I have to confess that I expected a fast-casual concept here, as with Xi'an Famous Foods.   But this place, which provides wait service, is downright posh in comparison!  Hubby and I decided to dine-in, ordering some Spicy Potato Vermicelli, in addition to a Cumin Lamb Burger. The former featured noodles with this oddly compelling, slithery, rubbery texture.  I was half-tempted to let them slide right down my throat, skipping the whole chewing step altogether.  They were tossed in a hot chili oil-based sauce that was definitely spicy. I don't consider myself a lightweight, and this was pushing it for me in terms of heat.  Also, FTR, the noodles, which I believe were made from a potato-based dough, were nowhere near the long, thin shape I associate with vermicelli. They were wide and thick. (Minds out of the gutter, people).Yeah, yeah.  But what about the Cumin Lamb Burger?  I have to say that overall, my Yelp peep was right.  The bun, in particular, was impressive and tasted freshly made, unlike some of the dry, stale specimens I've encountered at Xi'an Famous Foods as it's grown more and more popular.  The Cumin Lamb was tender and flavorful, but I wish there had been more of it.  Xi'an has always been pretty generous with its meat, if you will, so this seemed lacking.  This sandwich arrived automatically wrapped in to-go packaging so it must be a popular takeout order here.While we were waiting, our friendly, attentive server plied us with some lovely gratis tea.  Our food took awhile so this was the perfect thing to placate us.  Bottom line: Reasonably priced, thoughtfully executed food served up in a pleasant, cleanish space?  What a concept!  Consider me a fan-in-the-making.  I need to return and try one of the Noodle Soups, clearly a popular pick, if all the steaming bowls of the stuff wafting by us during our visit were any indication.  Now, if only they served wine.:)
Came here for a lamb burger only, because I was already full from having AYCE hot pot.  So I'll have to come back for the noodles.The lamb burger was really good.  It had a lot of lamb in it and had a really pleasant lamb-y flavor without being too gamey.  There was just the right amount of cumin in it as well.The "bun" itself was also good.  It was soft and fluffy on the inside while being slightly crispy on the outside.All the other food items looked great as well and I can't wait to come back to try them.  Alas, I just didn't have the stomach to eat a bowl of noodles after just having hot pot.  I shall return soon!
Love this place!! Noodles are fresh and the broth is very tasty and comforting! I usually never finish a whole bowl of soup but I did here.
Stealing lamb burgers from here generally Lanzhou in jail. But you won't care, because they're that good.Duran Duran even did a song about it. "Cumin Un-dunhuang"It goes like this:Mine, immaculate lamb burger made with lamb and cuminI've been waiting for thisSigned (I paid for yours too)Happy Birthday to me and they made one for youCan't ever keep from eating 'til stuffed at the seamsCan't I believe you're taking my Lamb Burger to piecesOh, it'll take a little timeMight want to nibble mineLet's cumin undunhuangWe'll try to stay blindTo the homeless men outsideHey, child, stay while they make your foodFor now, have some of mineLamb's what you need, lamb's what you loveWhen you come undunhuangLamb's what you need, lamb's what you loveWhen you cumin undunhuangFor me to say that something is the best thing I've tried in Queens would be unthinkable. To even make the list of my 50 favorite things in this borough - which is literally my favorite place in the world to eat - is a miracle. And the little lamb cumin burger here is right on that list. I will grab one for people that I am showing around Queens. I will get one whenever I'm in Flushing. It's that good. It's actually significantly better than the famous one over at Xi'an where the N1 is the real attraction.Not only is it superior, but it's delicious and uncomparable. Also the service is really nice too, at least the young man serving me was an angel. And the prices are very fair. If you are in Flushing come here and give it a try for yourself.So next time your plane is going down, and Sully miraculously Lanzhou on the Hudson River, swim to shore on the Manhattan side, jump in a cab and give this place as your destination. After a bridge or tunnel or two (and I don't mean dating Jersey boys), you'll get here, and you'll try this, and you'll realize that miracles really do come in threes.What's the third miracle, I hear you ask?Well that's a different kind of beef noodle. At my place afterwards. But let's not talk about dessert.
2 Stars for cleanliness, and that it's not very expensive.First time here and I ordered the combo classic beef noodles with marinated egg & soda. The broth was decent, my noodles were cooked too long and became a little soggy. I had only 3 small pieces of meat, and a couple pieces of veggies. The "curly fries" were apparently meant to be raw or very very lightly boiled, and I didn't enjoy the dish at all. The toppings on it were just bits of meat and chili oil, cumin, etc. The taste couldn't make up for the fact I was eating a raw potato. Workers here don't really speak English, so practice your Mandarin. Never coming back here. There is much tastier beef noodle soup in Elmhurst, and other restaurants around.
When you come back to a place and you know what's good from experience and can also choose something new from the menu with a solid expectation that it will be good? This explains my 5 star rating for this restaurant. Cold eggplant salad is fresh, zestfully seasoned with garlic and scallions. Spicy lamb burger, big plate chicken, braised beef noodle are my favorites; hearty dishes with authentic flavor. Be assertive when getting wait staff attention and set service expectations lower (or at par with downtown Flushing), this way you will enjoy your food here more!
Absolutely excellent. The spicy beef noodle soup was huge and flavorful. The chicken wings were moist and spicy and the dumplings were delicious. You should go.
The food was good, about 3 stars. Your good decent bowl of pulled noodles. Broth was decent. If you had the jajang noodles, the sauce definitely enhanced the noodles. But let's talk about service. The service was 1 star. Why? I definitely saw blatant racism from the waitress. I walked in as a group of 3 Asians. It was fairly empty, right before the rush hour. They seated us and that was it. Our table had only two settings and we had no menus. This went on for a good 5 minutes and the place began to crowd. I grabbed another napkin/chopstick set from the next table over to give it to our third person. 8 minutes in, we finally flagged someone down to give us menus. Meanwhile, there was a lady that was playing with plastic containers and ignoring anyone that needs her service (get someone else if you can't help us). Back to the racist waitress. She refused to give us eye contact and took orders from 3 parties that sat down after us. I try to get attention from a staff handling takeout. He acknowledged me but did nothing (like it's not his job).When we finally flagged down the racist lady to take our order, I notice she, and most of the other staff, were particularly polite to their white and Hispanics customers. Odd. Our 4th friend finally came in to join us. He was greeted, promptly given a setting and menu and he order was taken seamlessly. He was Guyanese. I've never seen racist lady so polite and courteous!  Even takeout boy was there to help out in the order of if he needed anything extra. Plastic container lady was still playing with her plastic containers though. As we left the restaurant, I can't help but wonder what made our 4th friend so special. Was it because he was a guy? Did he looked like a food blogger? Did he look rich? Or is it just because he wasn't Asian? Did we look Cantonese? Were they racist to just Cantos? Why does this still exist?No matter. Not coming back again. But if you read the other reviews for this place, you'll notice the varying degrees of customer service.  Now you know why.
Had the braised beef noodle and lamb burger. Both excellent but way overpriced for flushing. The lamb burger is very tiny. I wish i would've bought like 3 of them. i will return here because it was one of the best Beef noodle soups that Ive had in the area and their lamb burger is very very good.
Wow. If you look through my history you'll see that I'm pretty sheisty with the 5 star reviews, but this place definitely deserves it. I came here with my family during their visit to the city. I came to Flushing not really knowing where we were going to eat. Looking through Yelp, we found this place with its glorious 4.5 star rating and knew that we just had to give it a try. We came around dinner time on a Saturday night and found the place to be busy but not completely packed. The restaurant itself is simple but clean. We sat down and were handed the menus which had a decent number of items on it but wasn't overwhelming. We ordered a few noodle dishes, the lamb burger, the eggplant dish, and the cold chicken dish.You can choose the type of noodles you want, ranging from thin to extra wide. Original beef noodle - we got the nonspicy version. The broth was one of the most flavorful I've had. The noodles were a perfect aldente. We got the regular noodles. The beef was tender.Cold noodles - spicy and savory noodles. These were my favorite. I could probably eat 2 to 3 bowls of these if left to my own devices and freed from the shackles of society fat shaming. Got these extra thin but they were better with wide noodles.Vegetable noodles - this is the only dish I would not order again. The vegetables were a bit cold when they weren't meant to be. The noodles were hot, however. The sauce is soy based and nice but the vegetables weren't seasoned well. The whole dish just didn't come together well. Avoid if possible.We got a second order of the beef and cold noodles.The cold eggplant and chicken dish were excellent and I would definitely order again. Chicken dish especially was just the right amount of spicy.The lamb burger was delicious. Bread was light and crunchy. Lamb was well seasoned and full of cumin as promised.The service here is excellent and the staff are all extremely friendly and helpful. If you think you know what service at a New York City Chinese restaurant is like then I challenge you to try this place. It will definitely change your mind.The prices are all extremely reasonable. Most menu items are under $10 with the exception of a few lamb dishes.I cannot wait to come here again!
Quick service, affordable, and many delicious options! I tried the Original beef noodle soup (2) and Chongqing noodle soup (6), and I loved both! I like spicy food but I cannot eat it well - that being said, the Chongqing soup was the perfect level of spicy for me. The original beef noodle, however, is my favorite and a must try! The only downsides to this place is that there's a $20 card minimum and that a can* of Sprite costs $2, which is both a lot compared to other places.
Great option to warm up on a cold winters day! I got the classic beef noodle soup, with a side of eggplant salad. The soup looked simple, but the broth was wonderfully flavorful! I wasn't sure how I felt about the eggplant salad after the first bite, but it definitely got more flavorful with each additional bite! Since it was a little past lunch time, there was no wait and I was seated right away. The staff was friendly, and the prices very fair. Would definitely go back!
Hit this place up the other day for dinner with a friend.  We went around 8 oclock and were seated without a wait.  The place is pretty small but clean and chilling.I got the Zha Jiang Mian ($8.50).  It came out pretty fast.  All in all, it was very tasty.  The noodles were cooked pretty well (not too chewy or too soft) and the sauce was pleasant; fairly thick and meaty.  The only issue I had was that the portion size was so damn small.  I finished it in a few bites and was like damn, I can easily eat like 2 more bowls and I wasn't even that hungry.  Service was unremarkable like most other Chinese places in Flushing; quick but not very friendly.  So I'll give this 3 stars.  If the portion size was better I'd gladly give this 4 or even 5 stars cause it was definitely good.
I love Pho so i decided to give this place a try. Good reviews on Yelp.The place is nice and clean and service was attentive.I tried the Original Beef Noodle soup. There were only 3 ot 4 very small slices of beef. Way less than what you get in a Vietnamese restaurant. You also don't get the side of fresh basil, bean sprouts, lime or jalapeno peppers. There was a little bit of cilantro included. The reason for the 3 star is that the broth was watery and didn't have much taste and the noodle were lumped together. Smaller than average portion.Also they don't have the lamb noodles anymore.
It's a pretty good noodle shop. 3.5 star I'd say. Small, casual and quick. The hand-pull noodles have different sizes: from almost hair thin to wide as a finger. The taste is fine. The seaweed salad is delicious: tender and juicy. I would return if in the mood of noodle. They are opposite from the huge public parking lot.
Simply the best beef noodle shop in Flushing.  The handmade noodle game is strong in Flushing with lots of competition (especially in food courts).  Hand pulled noodles are the in thing right now and sometimes it's easy to feel like they are all created equal.  They are not.Dunhuang is a bit off the beaten path, a bit further away from the downtown food centers but certainly within a quick walk of the usual places people like to eat in Flushing.  What makes this place better than others are the incredible broth and fresh and excellent noodles. The spicy cabbage is a little spicy and a tad sour, reminiscent of kim chi without the fermented funk.  The spicy vermicelli on the other hand is swimming in red hot pepper oil and while a bit bland on the salt spectrum, has a huge pungent spicy punch.  Eating the vermicelli together with the cabbage is a nice contrast of spicy, sour, hot and cold.  The best bite here by far however is the spicy beef noodle soup.  The broth looks unassuming but good lord is it deep.  Dunhuang's beef broth is the standard.  It's the perfect balance of spicy, pungent and sweet and I have to imagine that the chefs here spend in inordinate amount of time making it.  Couple that with the freshly hand pulled thin noodles, it is just a incredibly satisfying bite.  The chefs here pull the noodles thin rather than flat and fat which makes the noodles perfect rather than gummy, which can happen at other establishments.  The beef brisket was tender with just the right amount of fat.  Prices here are no higher than the food courts but the restaurant is amazingly clean and staff here is super attentive and friendly.  Being able to also sit at your own table and not fight the masses for a seat in a germ infested food court also makes me happy.  Did I mention that they also take credit card?  I was kind of past the whole Lanzhou hand pulled noodle phase but this place has sucked me back in.  Two big thumbs up, solid 4.5 stars.
Went on a chilly friday night and it really hit the spot! I loveeee noodles so i'm a little bias but it was soo good. Me and my friends ordered either the classic beef noodle or spicy beef noodle, some with egg but you have to pay extra for that. The noodles were pretty thin and the broth was so flavorful. Good amount of beef as well but we all have big appetites so one bowl of noodles was not as filling as i had hoped. Definitely will be back though to try their other items on the menu!
I had Lanzhou beef noodle for the first time in China and wanted to try how they did it in the US. The braised beef noodle soup was delicious with tender morsels of beef in a flavorful soup base. We also ordered the non-spicy version for the kids and the soup base was just as flavorful with tender slices of meat. The noodles were super thin. Should have ordered slightly thicker noodles. We also ordered the "super spicy" cold been noodles. We liked it, but it wasn't too spicy. It was mildly spicy with lots of chili oil. We got the spicy cumin lamb burger and the pork burger; flavorful and the bread was crispy along the edges. For the spicy one, I would have liked chopped green chilis. We finished dinner with a try if their fermented oat cold "soup." It was unique, but wouldn't order it again. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Hostess and waiters were pleasant. Also, it's right across from the parking lot. Not as comparable as the one in China as their menu is quite limited, especially if they feature hand made noodles.
I gave this place a second chance after 2 years and somehow it's completely reversed my first experience. Now I think it's quite the best Chinese noodle house in Flushing. The menu is simple with a couple types of noodles, bunch of salads and lamb chop. Somehow I felt like the menu was different from the first time I went. Anyway, my friend and I got the Classic Lanzhou noodle soup, Braised Beef noodle soup, Cucumber salad and Potato salad. Omg. The broth is bomb!!! It was so flavorful. To get that natural sweetness the beef bones must've gone through hours and hours of broiling with spices and herbs. I appreciate this broth so much. The beef was tender and the noodle was freshly cut, you can tell. Cilantro and chili oil added for more flavor. I didn't try my friends' braised beef noodle but she loved it too. It came with bok choy also. The cucumber salad had a strong taste of garlic and was fun to eat (crunchy). Potato salad was okay. I remember having the lamb chop before but it wasn't so tasteful. I don't care! Here for the noodle soup! Price is really cheap. ~$8 for a bowl and they even have a combo of $10.50 something for a bowl of noodle soup, a salad or side dish, a boiled egg and a soda. They're gonna be seeing me a lot this summer.
Tried it for the first time. Food was fantastic and very authentic. Noodles were very tasty. And it's reasonably priced! We had lamb skewer, beef noodle, pork burger, and liang fen cold noodle.
Simple menu, got the original beef noodle soup, spicy braised beef noodle soup, chicken wings and the multi-sliced beef with cilantro. They give really little meat in the noodle soup, broth wasn't thick but flavorful, noodles were nice and chewy.The sliced beef was delicious! It wasn't drowning in chili oil, it was thinly sliced and every bite was bursting with flavors. Chicken wings reminds me of Thai fried wings because it was a tangy sour taste, wings were juicy but it was so fatty and meat had not texture.
The lamb burger is very delicious. But the Chongqing noodle is not authentic at all. The other lamb dish we ordered are very good as well.
I was craving some spicy beef noodle soup on a cold, wintry night and found Dunhuang on Yelp.  I was a bit hesitant initially due to the odd feeling that I was getting from photos, but glad I found my way in there.  We waited about 15-20 minutes for a table for two as that place was packed!  Thank goodness customers were slurping their noodles away, making our wait a little more tolerable.I ordered myself the braised beef noodle soup and my other half ordered the classic. We also ordered the eggplant salad and spicy cumin lamb burger for starters.  Soon after, our eggplant salad arrived and I gobbled the dish down in a heartbeat.  It was cooked so simply, but yet so flavorful, appetizing and delicious!  I also loved my spicy braised beef noodle soup.  It looked a bit intimidating at first because the broth was red, but it was very satisfying to my spicy cravings.  Beef was also rather tender and the noodles (which were supposedly hand pulled) were elastic and freshly made.  My other half enjoyed the classic beef noodle soup, but I felt that my bowl was more savory :).  We didn't get to eat the lamb burger since we were full from our noodles, but I did take a small bite and found it well-spiced.My only complaint was the language barrier with the staff members. Most, if not all, didn't speak English well, making it difficult to communicate.  Nonetheless, I would return again.
Have been to this place at least 5 times and it's definitely one of my favorite hand-pull noodles places in Flushing. The Dunhuang Lanzhou Beef noodles were originally from Lanzhou, 100% authentic sand local. Their ingredients packs for the soup are shipped all the way from their restaurant in Lanzhou, and had opened almost 10 chain restaurants in the states. Another one near Columbia university. I asked them if they ever thought about making the ingredients packs open for sale so we can also cook at home, but the answer is no at least for now. Really want to find out what's in there tho! I personally love cooking at home but this would not be easy to prepare as in the beef soup usually takes hours to boil. Their traditional hand-pull noodles are so good I always get. Once you get something good you keep getting it! I also recommend to have traditional Chinese red oil pickles together to enjoy the beef noodle soup, creating the mixture taste of thickness of the soup as well as the sour from pickles are just sooo good.
Noodles texture -- AMAZING.Extra 2 dollars and you're able to double the portion for noodles.They also refill your soup if it seems lacking. Waiters are also super nice.The only thing that I was a little upset about was the saltiness of the soup. Will be coming back again for other types of noodles though. Overall happy and satisfied :)
Excellent beef soup noodle!!!' I drink up all the soup!!!!! It's the authentic Chinese  northwest style, which reminds me the time I was there.Highly recommend!!!!
Randomly saw this place and decided I had to try it since Lam Zhou in Manhattan closed down. First impression is that it is super clean. I tried the prime beef noodle soup. It was a clean broth and the beef was tender. I think it depended a little bit too much on the chili oil to give it a real kick though. I also ordered the lamb sandwich which was plain and sad. It seemed to be missing some spices but was strong in lamb flavor. I kept adding chili oil and vinegar to it to try and make it better. A solid go to go noodle soup!
Not too far from the Main Street stop on the 7 line, I chose Dun Huang to be where I lost my Lanzhou hand-pulled virginity. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is quite friendly. Best of all, however, is that they accept card which is a thankful chance of pace from the typical "cash only" fare.Service (3/5)While I said that the staff is affable, there were several glaring turnoffs. Principally, water service was really delayed; water was not served until I explicitly asked for it. When the water did arrive, it was lukewarm and had that awful toilet water taste. Not too pleasant! That's not to ignore that my water was never refilled.Food (4.25/5)Original beef noodle soup (3.5/5): I suppose I was expecting it to be extraordinary, but it was incredibly underwhelming to me. The broth had an overwhelming aniseed flavor from the star anise that uncomfortably blanketed the noodles and broth instead of piquing my senses. The noodles had a good consistency, but I found the beef a little on the tough side.Cumin braised lamb (5/5): Is it possible to give this more than a 5/5? This was bar-none, one of the best things I've ever had in Flushing. The lamb is so delicate, fatty, and tender, and the subdued gaminess couples with the cumin with an incredible fragrance that is indescribable. With the sweetness of the bell peppers as well as the well-formed thick noodles, this dish is absolutely worth the ~$30 it costs. Despite leaving Dun Huang with staggeringly full bellies, I found myself craving another bite of the braised lamb.Altogether, I thought that very little distinguishes Dun Huang as a superb restaurant. Yet, simply because of the cumin braised lamb, I know that I will soon find my way back here.
Noodles are on point. You can tell it's fresh by how chewy the noodles are. Side dishes are good also. Came late so no more skewers. Will be back to try it next time.
Food: 3/5, mediocre at best. I thought Lanzhou beef noodle was supposed to be mild in taste. It was way too spicy to the point I cannot taste any other flavor. Services: 1/5, the waitress was not professional.  I came in on a weekday morning to try out their Lanzhou beef noodle after all the hypes on Yelp. Initial impression was favorable, the restaurant looked clean, well organized, and the waitress greeted me the first instance she saw me. However, it went downhill from there. I asked for a chair seating and she insisted on a booth because "it was more comfortable". Okay, I guess she knew my comfort preference more than I do. Anyway, I went for the Lanzhou beef noodle, cabbage, and soda combo and a side order of spicy cumin lamb burger. The waitress never asked me for the style of noodle on the menu, what kind of soda, and the level of spiciness, strike two. I found the spicy cumin lamb burger pretty alright, not the greatest but not bad either, though my all time favorite goes to the one in the basement food court. Anyway, the beef noodle was way too spicy, I cannot really taste any other flavor other than the spiciness. There were only 3-4 pieces of thinly sliced beef. And I highly doubt the noodle was "hand-pulled". Lastly, when I tried to pay for the meal, the waitress insisted on cash payment despite presenting a tray that said "Discovery Card Accepted Here". I am fully supportive of small business and don't mind paying cash, however, I was a bit turned off by their business practice. Nowhere in their restaurant did they said only cash payment or minimum credit card swipe. Overall, if you enjoy a clean restaurant with somewhat decent food off the beaten path, I recommend giving them a try and see how you like it. I know for sure I wouldn't be going back.
When we went in at 6pm on a weekday, there wasn't a lot of people. Also, there wasn't a lot of choices for non-spicy food. We ordered the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodle, Original Beef Noodle, and Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger. Personally, I don't really like the texture of the noodles as they were too hard to chew and they don't give you enough slices of beef for the price that they charge. The burger was okay. Maybe it's just not my taste. However, their customer service was good.
I love the noodles here. You can pick the type of noodle you want. I love the Chongking noodles. The broth is red from the chili oil. The super spicy vermicelli are good too, though they're very heavy on the spice and sezchuan pepper, so stay away if that's not your thing. The service has been variable, but nowhere near terrible. The trek to flushing is totally worth it!
The beef noodle soup regular is chewy & soup taste good.  Not too Spivey.The chicken wings taste ok but 5 for $8 is A lot!There's place is nice size not too noisy
Overpriced noodles.Had the eggplant which tasted ok but was overpriced for what it was: chilled eggplant in oily sesame sauce.The beef noodles I tried for the first time (their signature Lanzhou dish) had tasteless broth and the noodles were similar to those found in the Flushing mall, except they were several dollars more expensive because this place is a sit down joint.Hot tea they serve is watered down---tastes like water with a HINT of tea. They're probably reuse the same small amount of tea leaves to make four days worth of tea. Their bathroom smells strongly of piss, though they do have a lot of toilet paper in stock.
Went for dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty crowded. We were seated right away but had to wait a bit to get the menu and then again for our order to be taken. Had the N1, which was pretty standard. Overall, a pretty good place for hot noodles on a cold night, but the service could be better.
I come to this restaurant on a regular basis but one thing that keeps nagging me is that. No one really can speak English in this restaurant making ordering difficult. Moreover this is the third time they did not bring back the change when I paid for the food. I believe it should be up to the customer to decide how much tip to give. Not the restaurant's
I usually have the Korean ver of the Zhajiang Mian called Jajjangmeon. But this place's zhajiang mian is pretty good and flavourful. The eggplant is pretty nice too if you're ok with a mouthful of garlic after taste. My hubby tried the original beef noodles and the soup had a nice peppery spice taste common to the northern China cuisine. Decent place if you're in the mood to slurping noodles.
Good service, good clean, good taste soup. Everyone can try adding eggs. Such a soup will be sweeter.
I like the dunhuangs noodle，is very good。I 've never had such a good noodle soup，and good service。
This is the most authentic Lanzhou Noodles I have had in the US - and I have tried at least 20 places between Los Angeles and New York. The ingredients, from the soup to the beef to the chili sauce, is as close to what I've tried in China as possible.With that being said, I'm not a fan of the side dishes. I would recommend just the noodles.
Wonderful. Second time here. Good noodles, slow cooked tender beef, rich broth served super fast. Had the braised beef noodle soup and lamb cumin burger. My gf had the garlic eggplant app and tomato noodle soup, also very good. Our check was $29 with tax, very cheap considering the quality. Love this place.
Love this place!!     Had a Blind Date with a biracial Korean / Tiwanese woman...,and this place rocks!!!!    I had the Classic Lanzhou Beef Noodles.....,and it was perfect!  It could have had more beef in the order, however it was perfectly cooked and just spicy enough.    You can dine in, or do take out...,and the quality of food is 10.   Ambiance = 9.0.      The tables are strategically placed not to close to each other...,so you can defiantly have a date / romantic conversation...,  and the music is not to loud either.    Waiter / Waitress Very attentive, and extremely knowledgeable on foods...,and they check back with you..,to make sure you're comfortable.     Location is nice, close to downtown Flushing, Queens just 2 1/2 blocks from the Flushing (7) train stop.  There's even a dessert place just 1 block away.   Oh..,and there's parking in a parking garage just 2 blocks away.      Cost $$  Monderatly priced...,and they have cold dishes as well, such as the Eggplant Salad w/ Garlic & Soy Sauce.
Mmmm as far as hand pulled noodles go, this place is a must try. Fresh big bowl of noodles with savory stews. I'm not a huge spicy fan so I opted for the original beef noodle soup. I really enjoyed the broth. After a long day, this just hit the spot.My friends got two versions of spicy beef noodle soup (one with chili oil and one with peanut oil). They both seem to really enjoy the bowl too. I like how they give you lots of noodles so you can just keep slurping and slurping.For sides we got cucumber & garlic and multi slices of beef. Delicious and savory! The only dish I didn't really enjoy was the spicy cumin lamb burger. It was too much bread, little dry and not enough filling. Nevertheless, I'm excited to come back for that big bowl of soup again.
The noodles are a good texture and looks to be freshly made. We ordered two bowls of noodles and 2 side dishes. Noodles are great and the sides are good size with a gentle taste. Price wise, very affordable and the place is clean. Also the bathroom is super clean as well! We all know we hate those dingy bathrooms so this was a plus as well. :)The service is meh. Water and tea isn't refilled and they walk around a bit aimlessly. But the food is good so it's definitely worth dropping by.
The eggplant dish is amazing. The boiled (?) lamb was super tasty and tender. The noodles were good too. Friends enjoyed the shredded potato too. Next time I'll try the beef noodle soup.Nice comfortable sit down restaurant, so it's a good option if people don't want to eat at the food court.
Good bowl of spicy beef noodles! Everything is pretty cheap and looked really good. I would come back to try their different noodles. They also have a thickness option of thin, regular, wide or extra wide noodles! The only bad thing was the service. The waiters weren't very attentive and I had to call one multiple times to get their attention to refill our water.
My everyday lunch place. My favorite is there Niang Pi, a kind of cold noodle with sesame sauce and garlic. Aside from their signature beef noddle, they also have good pork belly noodle. I also like the eggplant dish a lot, though the garlic is a little bit too strong.
Tl:dr, the worst customer service I've ever experienced and I wouldn't come here even if the food was amazing. I came here once with a group of friends and it was fine. Noodles were good but we were the only group there so of course the service was fine.I came here a second time with my mom. We sat down, a waiter came over and we said we weren't ready. A few minutes later, another waiter came over and we ordered. We waited 30 minutes and my mom asked them to check on our food 3 times, each time they said it's coming sorry for the wait, it's coming. A waiter finally actually realized that the waiter didn't register our food. We sat there for 30 minutes and then he blamed us, "I asked at first, but you didn't order". 1) If we rejected you the first time, were you never going to come back? 2) Our menus were gone, did we just throw them in the trash somehow? No we ordered through another waiter obviously. 3) We asked you to check 3 times and you didn't. How do you explain that? We left, obviously. Worst place ever. If they had taken responsibility, it wouldn't have been so frustrating. But they made us wait 30-40 minutes for water.
Yum! Awesome noodles, spicy and many good choices. Felt like I was back in Dunhuang! Good for people who like spicy but also non spicy lovers too, my buddy really enjoyed the noodles.
Honestly they have one of the best noodles I've ever tasted, you can tell since they have clear glass kitchen kneading the dough right in front of you. I think no matter which noodle bowl you end up going with you'll be quite pleased with the quality of the noodles.Personally I tried their Prime noodles soup and had a fantastic meal. Besides the super fresh noodles, the beef slices and broth were both quite excellent. I ended up adding chilis to it since I think they felt a bit light if you didn't go with the spicy version. Also had tried their Cold Noodles and that was simply wonderful as well. Those two would be my highly recommended menu items.It was a large group so we ended up getting quite a number of hot and cold appetizers. The lamb chops were a bit pricey as expected but I think they fried it quite well, if you don't mind the extra greasiness and full slice of lamb with the fat its quite large plate. The cold chicken were another favorite of mine pretty authentic and quite spicy if you have the stomach for it.Being a relatively new restaurant, the seating areas are very clean and very update to date. The food came out in relatively quick fashion despite our large party of 12+ We did had to ask the servers for some help at certain points but they were always helpful and never forgot what we asked.5 stars just for their noodle line ups and honestly I think even if they don't offer any appitizers people would still be coming to this newly establishments in droves. The noodle prices are quite attractive on par with many food court food prices here. The portion and quality of the food for the price is really something quite exceptional. I hope they have many many years of success and I see myself becoming a regular here on my visits to Flushing.
Perfect classic lanzhou noodles. Got the combo meal of lanzhou beef noodles in soup, an egg, some pickled cabbage, and a drink. You could tell the noodles were freshly pulled and cooked, the broth was perfectly light yet full of savory beef flavor, there were some bokchoi to round it out. The egg was great, the pickled cabbage were great, definitely worth adding like the extra dollar or two for a total of like $10. Service was very fast. It was great to be able to sit down in an AC place in the summer. Definitely come here.
Food: 4.0/5.0Service: 2.5/5.0Value: 3.0/5.0Decor: 3.0/5.0Overall: 4.0/5.0Wow.  The bowl of Lanzhou style beef hand pulled noodles legit tastes like the stuff I've had on the streets in the motherland.  Great job for bringing a little bit of noodle authenticity to Flushing -- deserving of your 4.5/5.0 Yelp star average as of June 2016.  I can't quite get to five stars myself because beef la mian is fundamentally not really a five star dish.  Anyone who doesn't give this place at least four either didn't have the noodles (which is the point of this place) or hasn't had them in China for reference.  I was close to ordering a second bowl and will be back.
Full disclaimer: I was born in Lanzhou, and real Lanzhou beef noodles have ruined everything else for me.I've searched everywhere for the authentic Lanzhou beef noodle experience. If you've experienced the real deal, you know what I'm talking about: the chew of the noodles, the oh-my-god-they-must-put-cocaine-in-this chili sauce and the deceptively light yet flavorful broth. It's a seemingly very simple dish on paper that is maddeningly difficult to replicate in practice.Sadly, this place did not deliver on the goods.I really had my hopes up. There was house made chili oil and a bottle of vinegar on every table, the OG accoutrements. The menu allowed you to specify noodle thickness just like in Lanzhou. Unfortunately, the noodles while indeed handmade, did not have the same bite I was expecting and were a bit soggy. While the chili oil was very close to the real deal, the broth was still somehow a bit off. Maybe what they say about NYC pizza also applies to Lanzhou noodles: it's something in the water, perhaps?The closest I have ever been to experiencing Lanzhou beef noodle nirvana outside of Lanzhou was in of all places a hole-in-the-wall store in Montreal, which unfortunately apparently has since closed.Alas, the quest continues :(
My mom actually discovered this noodle spot after getting tired of eating in dirty food courts around flushing for lan zhou noodles. This place is clean and new, but its REALLY hot inside. Like all year. I went in the winter time and it was probably 80 degrees inside and went again during the summer and no AC was on then either. Eating spicy noodles in boiling hot broth with no AC is pretty uncomfortable. The price is reasonable for any noodle spot in flushing but the broth itself just tasted super salty with barely a hint of spice. The noodles were done well but the broth will leave you wanting alot of water to drink. The wait staff also disregards you if you need anything after they deliver your order to the table. They also seem to only care about their own tables too. My mom asked a girl helping the table next to us for a glass of water and she just said "you aren't my table" in chinese. Ok. I guess.
I would not recommend this noodle spot。 their version of the Big tray Chicken was unimpressive. The wide noodles tasted fake and commercially made and was just cheap drummette type chicken。felt so ripped off!  our party of 5 didnt even want to finish it. Def Skip this dish. Their zhazhang mian was good but i felt they skimped on the noodles. Sauce was decent def not the best i had。 they also skimped on the meat of the braised beef noodle。 i would not come back!
Wonderful noodle place. The spicy braised beef noodle, cold noodle dish, and the cumin lamb burgers were excellent and portions were just right. Definitely coming back!!
Had the classic beef noodle, which was great tasting and they let you choose the size of your noodles. The eggplant dish is a great supplement to the noodles!The lamb burger was vastly overrated in my opinion. It was basically a regular Chinese bun with lamb in the middle, but wasn't very flavorful.
Great noodles and flavor. You get to choose your noodle size. Nice and clean restaurant. Very tender meat, and not heavy, but not super light where it taste like you ate nothing. I live in the area and was looking for a noodle place instead of traveling all the way downtown brooklyn...now I will be a regular!
Legit. Hand drawn spicy noodle soup. Broth was amazing especially on a cold day. Spicy lamb burger was closest to the one I've had in Xi'an since  I've visited.  Lamb skewers are killer.
Well, considering the fact that I'm from Taiwan, a country known for beef noodles, I think my recommendation would be pretty trustworthy!
Add-on comment on 6/12/2017I visited Chinatown location today and accidentally met the owner. We discussed what had happened to me the other day, and he explained and apologized. Apology accepted and will definitely go back for noodles and eggplants.                                 I didn't order a new bowl of soup like Jenny had explained on the response though. Comments on 3/17/2017I went for lunch today with my family, and I ordered an Original Beef Noodle Soup. I finished the soup but still left some noodles, so I asked for some soup. The waitress said okay and came with a bowl of soup. I asked if they charged for the soup and she said yes. I was surprised because last time, a few months ago, I asked for a bowl of soup and it was free. So I said it was free last time. They said the owner made the decision. At this point three staff were by our table, listening to my complaints. Finally I said okay give me the owner's contact info I wanted to talk to him. I used a tone of joke and was not that serious. They walked away and I thought they were going to give me the info BUT they just left me alone with no explanation. I was sitting there and no one ever came back to me with any words or contact info. I have to say the food is good, the service is not bad, but the way they handle customer relationship is terrible. And I really don't think $2.5 for a bowl of soup is a wise decision. I hope the owner could read this.
Do NOT order the dunhuang Lamb chops, they are not worth the price. It is just lamb boiled and seasoned with some salt, and bok Choy on the bottom. And the workers are but slow so be patient. But overall the noodles were delicious, we ordered two classic Lanzhou beef noodles.
Came with some friends on a cold winter night. I got the classic beef noodle soup with extra soup for $2.5. The service was quick and there were many options. You even got to select the size of the noodle.
Noodles are good, but the service was terrible. It took at least 10 minutes for our party to be seated even though there were a bunch of tables open. One waitress was serving everyone, and she did not seem experienced. There was a runner, but he did a whole lot of nothing. There was a guy who looked a manager standing around, but he had no idea what to do with himself. He kept trying to help the waitress, but was clueless. For example, at one point he was following the waitress  and she had to tell him to answer the phone. All this led to our food taking forever to come out. To make matters worse, they have a 10 minute video about Chinese food playing on loop. After the third loop I wanted to get up and leave, then the noodles came out and they were good.
Love this place. Spicy beef noodle soup is definitely a must and their buns are freshly made as well
Simple and clean and incredibly yummy noodle shop.  One of my favorites in Flushing. The service is typical of Chinatown. The menu is intentionally small which means every dish is great.
Service is good, food is authentic and delicious. It is definitely very popular so you have to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. Be sure to get their early!
Cuisine: 7Service: 7Decor: 6Value: 7Overall: 7More restaurant than just a noodle shop, though its menu is quite limited.  What they do have mostly taste pretty darn good, especially the julienne potato and garlic eggplant cold appetizers, fried lamb ribs, side of braised pork and the spicy noodles.  It's also a quite part of downtown Flushing, so there is usually quick seating.  The service is much better than typical of this neighborhood and the restaurant feels clean (still brand new).
Food is very good. The noodle is amazing. I love the soup also. I hope they will have more franchises and I can eat near my home.
This place has one of the best beef noodle soups I have ever tasted! I got the classic beef noodle soup. The broth is so flavorful and has the right amount of spiciness. You can also try different types of noodles from thin to extra thick. I love the noodles; they're chewy but not hard. I can't wait to come back and try other noodle dishes on the menu! The service was ok but that's expected for an authentic Chinese restaurant. They also have a $20 minimum for cards, but if you tell them you don't have enough cash, they'll go ahead and process the payment with card anyways.
One of the best authentic Chinese restaurant located in Flushing that you must try!!! They were really busy when we were visiting. All tables have been taken so we waited a little bit and we loved it!! They have noodles, fried dishes and cold side dishes that you can choose. Everything is so yummmmmmmy!
Everything here was VERY SEASONED with god knows what. Flavor enhancements?! Well whatever it is... it made all our dishes taste so good. Super fatty and oily. Definitely comfort food.
Food was delicious. Service was only ok. Slow to take order and no refill of water/tea. We got 2 apps: - pickled potato sticks $4 - I liked this a lot. It's also a bit spicy but not much. It was refreshing. - beef slices - $9 - a nice plate of thinly sliced beef slices with chili oil. It's so good! Nicely flavored and comes with some raw cilantro mixed in.For my main dish: I got the spicy beef noodle soup combo $10 - which comes with a braised egg in the soup and also a pickled cabbage app and a soda. The cabbage app was delicious with a slight kick and it was crunchy/vinegary/fresh. The soup was really great. The broth had a lot of depth and was nice and clear and the noodle freshly pulled and toothy. There were about 5 slices of beef in the soup too with a bunch of well cooked daikon slices.  Hubsy got the Lu mian which is is a hybrid between soupy noodle and dry noodle. It has a lot of sauce with a bunch of vegetables - cauliflower, fried tofu, wood ear, seaweed, and some green veg.  The total was ~$32 pre tax. A bit pricey but we were stuffed to the rim so probably a good deal.
Delicious and not expensive at all. LAN Zhou cuisine is a bit hot and spicy. The cold appetizer are refreshing and not oily. Just the garlic is on the heavy side.
This is definitely the best Lanzhou Lamian place i had in New York. It reminds me of the old days in Beijing. I hope there are more and more good and authentic Chinese food in New York!
Food was delicious and quick-glad I found this gem and will definitely be back. On a cold night-the noodles will hit the spot. Their hand pulled noodles were perfectly chewy!
Pro: They take credit card with no minimum yet (No AMEX).. Very transparent kitchen that let's you see their activities inside. A manager on the floor, with 3 chefs, one hostess, one waiter and one clean up girl.Soup a little saltier than I'd prefer but not bad. This isn't something light, their soup is heavily based on the abundance of seasoning to get the flavors. Their beef is cooked long enough to melt in your mouth. The few slices of white radish was cooked just right, leaving a light sweetness in every bite. The hostess who took my order told me the noodles aren't spicy but I clearly tasted some light spiciness while eating and my tongue is left with a slight numb sensation.... So she doesn't her products yet.With the amount of hand stretched noodles places all over flushing and esp. At a lower price point... This place left me disappointed ... Not to mention.. They didn't even offer tea for starters until I was more than 75% done with my food. They are new so I gave 3stars to give them a chance.Otherwise, not a fan yet. A Star for the new interior and the ceramic utensils.A Star for friendly service, tho not professional enough.
Awesome noodle soup,  must eat it when every time come to NY. The dessert also so good! But my favorite is the chili oil!! High recommendation!!
Delicious. Stumbled upon this spot in flushing and I must say-- I'm glad we walked in. We got the classic Lanzhou noodles for $6.95. It had the perfect amount of spice and the beef wasn't undercooked or overcooked. It was the perfect amount of spice and cilantro. We also got the Lanzhou cumin lamb bun. They brought it to us after we finished our noodles which I thought was a little strange since it was an appetizer. But it ended up working out because I ate it with the rest of my soup broth. I would definitely come back here to satisfy my noodle craving. The staff seemed super friendly and the place is also super clean. They also have a rolling video of how the hand pulled noodles were made and about the culture which was nice.
Came here on a Saturday night, and ordered two originals. (6.95 each) One of them we made into a combo which comes cabbage, an egg, an a  can of soda for an extra 3 dollars more. The noodle soup had a lot more pepper than I wouldve liked but it was all right. The noodle soup did not come with much meat, and we ordered another dish just for meat. We also got a side of cucumbers, and it was refreshing with the noodle soup.
good price with good soup noodle!!!Highly recommended
Ordered Niangpi, tastes really good. The spicy and the saltiness is just right. I finished half before realize taking a photo. Also, got the classic Lanzhou beef noodle, the soup and the noodle are tasty but the beef is a bit chewy, not soft enough.  And the spicy cumin lamb burger came last, it is ok, not outstanding. So far this is the best Lan Zhou restaurant I have had and I will definitely come back again.
The braised beef noodle here is fantastic, dare I say better than Xian famous foods. The noddles are fresh and glutinous, cooked to a perfect al dente. The broth is what sets this place apart -- it was flavorful, not too salty and clean/drinkable. The braised beef was really, really good -- slow roasted and succulent. I'll definitely be back, even if that means an hour long trip from Manhattan.
Dollar sign is a misconception it's actually 2 dollar signs. Ordered the lamb noodles that has a portion size for like 2 people. Waitress told me it's good for three people when clearly it wasn't. Noodles came cold, meat came hot...noodles didn't taste freshly made, more like cold and just placed in. The lamb tasted good tho, very soft and tender. Didn't taste superb but didn't taste bad either. Had one regular portion with two sides. Over bill came to 60 dollars with tax and tip (I tipped 8 bucks but service didn't feel like 8 bucks tho, they just stood around doing nothing) Overall I gave 3 stars because it's just mediocre, nothing really wowing or extraordinary. Cost is kinda over the top considering the type of food you find in Flushing.
Got N2 (non spicy beef noodle with the extra wide noodles). LOVED the noodle, perfectly made and cooked - chewy with a bounce! Soup base is clear but very flavorful at the same time! Beef is sliced and VERY tender. Simple bowl of noodle with a HUGE flavor and texture. Very generous with the noodle portions!! Big fan! Will def come back!
My go to for a quick bowl of noodles near flushing! The place is never crowded even on a weekend night and the food arrives quickly. Really good portion sizes  and the noodles and broth are up to par with other hand pulled places. Service is alright, decor is clean. Not many places these days with  food less than $8 so check it out!
This place has quick service and noodles were delicious! Noodles were a pretty good portion. The restaurant was clean and have strong AC, which is also for a hot summer day. Ordered the N1 and it came out so fast! The food came out in less than 10 mins. If you are ever on a time crunch you should definitely come here. One thing I really didn't like is one of the staff. Asked her for the bill but she looks at me and my friend oddly like we were asking her for something else. Not sure if it's because she did not understand English or if she could not hear me. Either way she ignored me, and gave someone else their bill. Instead of ignoring me I think she should have asked me to repeat myself if she did not understand. The staff is the only reason why I am rating this place 4 stars. Recommended if you can speak mandarin.
Love my bowl of beef lanzhou noodle soup but where's the beef?The stew pork buns were also good but a bit pricey (including the combination choices).We like the restaurant because it's quiet and service was good...but hoping they'll be more generous with the slices of beef in their noodle soups.
Nevermind, this feels like pre-made added water beef noodles. Very disappointed considering high rating and in the center of flushing where all Chinese food are high standards. We ordered the noodles and they were ready to serve in a minute. And they tasted horrible. We were the only one in. Ruined my craving for Lanzhou noodles. I was following all that good reviews to come here. So not true. When we said it's less than a minute, it wasn't steamy hot! And we know how handmade noodles are.
Ordered the N1 combo which comes with the classic Lanzhou beef noodle soup, egg, pickled cabbage in hot chili oil, and a can of soda. I didn't care for the cabbage on its own but it was surprisingly good with the noodles. The broth was very tasty and mildly spicy. The bowl doesn't come with much meat but it was enough for me as I am not a huge meat eater anyways. Definitely would come again for the same item or even something new.The waitress spoke enough English to understand our order and the restaurant accepts credit card (Visa at least). They did ask that we tip using cash.
I've been going here ever since they first opened. Hands down the best lanzhou lamian place in flushing. They've updated their menu a few times, I do miss their crispy lamb. Soup broth is always phenomenal and the serving size of the noodles is such a good deal! Noodles are made fresh and the lamb burgers are way better than the ones from xi'an's famous food. Get the thin noodles they soak up the broth better.
Great spot on a cold day. I only had the braised beef noodle soup, but it was so full of flavor. The texture of the noodles is perfect. Nothing about it was wrong except they could maybe add a bit more of everything: beef, bakchoy, and noodles. Coming back to try more things
Incredible prices. Delicious noodles. But the portions are not large enough. I had the house beef noodle soup. The hand pulled noodles were just the right amount of chewy and the soup was flavorful. It's a clear broth soup, and not a milky bone broth.The eggplant side was just so so, but it was necessary because our noodles were not enough to satiate!
Nice noodles and appreciates . The service is good and fast . If you want to try the traditional Lan Zhou noodles , you have to try the noodles here . Like the chopsticks and teapot.  The waitress are professional , she gave me some suggestion on the noodle . This place is awesome ,unique  , new and hot .
Awesome ramen and big flavor broth. But the lamb dish we ordered was very bland. It's steam and served with some dry spicy on the side and cost $27.99 for 5 pieces. We will come back only for the ramen.
I'm from Lanzhou and I seriously grew up eating the noodles. The waitress (I would assume not a Lanzhou native) told me there is only one type of noodles available while I know it's NOT true. You can always ask for wider, thinner, thicker or slimmer shapes of your noodles.I asked her to tell the chef what I've told her and IT CAME OUT GREAT!!That is, the chefs are definitely my hometown people. Certified by a Lanzhou girl, there :) Good job making the authentic noodles and spreading the warmth.
Love the food there!!! Spicy cumin lamb burger is amazing!!!
Decent Hand Pulled NoodlesThe hand pulled noodles are made to order. On the upside, the space is well lit and seems clean. I came here two times because I wasn't sure If i liked it or not. On the plus side, you don't feel overwhelmed after a bowl of noodles here. The beef is tender and not rubbery like some of the stalls in the Flushing Mall food court. It's really cool how the expert noodle maker-chef smashes the dough on the stainless steel flat surface in the kitchen.Sadly, I feel like is nothing really special about the noodles. The noodles are decent but not spectacular enough to spark cravings. Personally, I rather have a Chinese-Korean bowl of noodles.
If you want to try authentic traditional Chinese food,  it is the best choice. Pork burger is my most favorite. The boss here is so nice!
This restaurant provides very authentic Lanzhou hand-made noodle. My husband is from Lanzhou and he thinks Dunhuang's beef noodle soup is as good as what he had at his hometown. We also met the chef, who is a native Lanzhou-er. I guess that's their secret recipe for all these delicious food. The environment and the decoration is very modern and clean. The staffs are all young people, very nice and friendly. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone who loves Ramen!
Taste is particularly good, beef noodles beef too little， attendant service is not thoughtful, serving particularly slow, do not understand customer needs, in short, the service is not satisfied with the need to improve.
I had N3 on the menu which was the spicy braised noodle soup with their regular noodles. It was good, but not amazing. Some reviews said they had a clear glass kitchen but they covered it up now so who knows what goes on back there now? I certainly didn't hear anyone banging noodles. The cold appetizer with the N5 combo was just pickled cabbage in spicy oil (not spicy). It was meh. Overall, the noodles were nice and chewy. Broth pretty good, but not one of the out of this world beef broths I've had. It's good to eat it fresh. My leftovers got soggy quickly when I ate it at home without reheating. It's worth trying to see if you like it, but I think I rather just get a cheaper fix in one of the food courts.
2nd time around and just as good.   Very clean, very authentic.   The lamb is amazing, that's what keeps me coming back.  I find It a bit on the heavy side (carbs) so enjoy coming here once a month.
Hang out with my friends on Sunday night, this place is well organized and clean. We order two appetizers,shredded  potato and eggplant. Potato is just okay, eggplant sweet and sour garlic sauce taste really good.Each of us order one noodle dish. Radish in Lamb paomo is hard to bite, should cook a little longer. Beef noodle and Lu noodle are bland. The home made spicy sauce is no good. The beef sandwich has no cilantro.
This is my third time at this place. I love noodles and when I heard of this place I immediately came to try. Service was great! Waiters were attentive and came by often to refill tea. The place isn't the biggest place but it could still fit a decent amount of people. Lunch times this place is pretty much packed (no wait time though). Since there's only two main dishes (lamb/beef noodle) you pretty much know what you'll be eating when you go. They have a few assortment of cold dishes and to be honest the flavors were all pretty good and I have tried them all. I love spicy foods and their spice did not disappoint. A little bit of hot with a little bit of numbness. Try it!
Delicious classic beef hand-pulled noodle. Order the set with pickled egg, boiled egg, and soda. A must-try meal.
Popular hole in the wall place (but relatively clean). High and fast customer turnover. Delicious beef noodle soup, great cilantro beef dish. Everything was very tasty, authentic and cheap.  Also had a lamb bun, which tasted dry, and would not get that again. Saw many people order the braised sheep dish, it was a very big dish, family sized.  Location's a bit inconvenient, but worth the extra trek from the 7 train.
Best Lanzhou noodle I can find in New York. The original hand pulled noodle and niangpi are both excellent. Cumin lamb burger is good too but probably not much different from what you can get at Xi'an Famous Food. Will be back next time to try other items on the menu.
Really good food, authentic Chinese food. Very good prices. I recommend.
Holy crap.. The best lamb I ever had on a noodle soup base!! Reminds me of pho in some way w their own kind of twist. But the lamb slices were so soft and melts  in my mouth.. Maybe I got lucky.. Or that's the way they make it! I'll come back and try again. The dish is called mutton noodle..I also tried their nangpi which was pretty good and lastly had an eggplant appetizer which was very good esp for price.. ($3)New spot and getting busy so check it!
It is a strong 4 stars. The Original beef noodle soup with a smattering of spice, sliced beef, radish, cilantro and hand pulled noodles is a perfectly balanced bowl of noodles. The broth has a rich but clean delicious flavor. Something that has been sorely lacking in every other hand pulled noodles I have tried. The soup is always flavorless, and the flavor it has tastes more like something made from a soup base, but here it has a great flavor. Also the noodles often have a great toothsome quality. Frankly, before eating here I never saw the fuss over eating hand pulled soup noodles. As opposed to watching them made which was always amazing. Also, the cold noodles are VERY good. The entree dish, not the small plate which is also pretty good, but not as good the hand pulled entree version. The cold potatoes are another favorite of mine. Very simple, but tasty. The other cold dishes are VERY garlicky, but people seem to really like them. The spicy "potato chips" was also quite good. The Noodles with Minced Pork Sauce also tasty. The dry one, the soup with minced pork is the one noodle I had there that I really was not a fan of. It was vegetal and had a muddy flavor. Seriously though if you want really good hand pulled noodles this is the place.
Great for a bowl of beef noodle soup. I think the appetizers are just okay - if you come, stick with the noodles. They used to have a ribs appetizer that I liked, but it has been taken off the menu. Service is very slow and kind of all over the place. I asked for water for the table, and only got one cup, even though there were three of us.
Really gold hand pulled noodles! I tried the traditional beef ones and it was really good. The sauce was a bit spicy than my liking but it went well for the taste.
Ordered the spicy braised beef noodle with regular noodles as well as the minced meat/zha jiang with wide noodles. Beef : 4.5/5Soup : 3.5/5Noodles 2/5 Noodles were soft, soggy and not chewy. Everything else was good though.
what a little gem.we had some noodle soups that were very tasty. but their cumin braised lamb.oh my god. heavenly. it is a bit on the pricey side at almost $30 but it is a large portion that can easily feed 2.
This is such a great place for family time and friend time! The restaurant is clean and decent. Staff are nice and kind, they give you great advice. They offer authentic food from my home town. I strongly recommend EVERYONE，literally everyone to try the food, especially beef noodles. If you like Chinese food, please come! If you are from my hometown or areas nearby, you will be surprised by how authentic the food is. This is a restaurant for both homesick guys and gals as well as people who want to try something new and special.
I'm not sure if I was just starving from getting off a plane or the food was really good. Either way, this place deserves 5 stars just because the lamb chops was cooked a very unique way and it was flavorful. The soup base was complete and didn't miss a beat.
Small corner restaurant serving fantastic hand pulled noodles. Fresh ingredients in tasty dishes. I had the cucumbers with spicy garlic sauce and shredded potato salad for appetizers. I then followed it with regular noodles in a vegetable sauce bowl. Great food in a clean environment.
The food here is definitely traditional Lanzhou style, for Chinese yummy, Chinese yummy, here is the best one you should come over.
Today Finally , l found my most favorited Lanzhou noodle soup. I order chicken cold salad and classic lanzhou beef nooodle it's really taste awesome no words. After 15 year's later  I founded real Lanzhou traditional food I try many many nooodle soup  in different  kind of Chinese restaurants  but I suggestion this is  a  best palace in New York for noodle lover .definitely I will bring my wife hear next . she will  love it  thank you , Dunhuang Lanzhou  Restaurant  food is real real Awesome  and taste super duper!! thank you see next time
This is my go to noodle place in Flushing. I always order the original but non spicy bowl and its consistently delicious!!! Comes with a slightly spicy (very slightly) clear soup and some beef and radish. High recommended!!
Delicious hand pulled noodles.  Scrumptious broth.  We had the traditional and the vegetarian.  Super nice wait staff, clean tables.  We will be back soon.
This place has the best Chinese-style noodles I've had since I lived in Beijing, and that is saying something! Also, the value (quality/price) of this place is unbelievable. Amazing food for very affordable prices. The interior of the restaurant is also attractive with nice wall paintings and attractive furniture. Totally appropriate for a date or for dinner with friends. The customer service I've experienced is also nice with attentive waiters with a short wait between ordering and the arrival of food. Overall, I strongly recommend this restaurant!
If you're feeling a hot, sometimes spicy, soup noodle then this is a good option to consider.  The place is modern and bright with ample room for small groups.  I had the braised beef noodles.  The flavor of the soup is a well seasoned but I found it hard to distinguish the type of base it was made from.  Portions are good sized but if you need more they have additions like extra noodles, eggs, or vegetables that you can add to your bowl, at a cost of course.
I went back because I really liked their soup. I ordered the classic spicy instead regular with an egg. They gave me more beef slices this time. The waiters are still slow but my noodles came out quicker this time.
Food? Excellent, price not so much. Im used to paying $6.50 at the new mall next to macys for the same thing. Here, not only is it more but u have to tip, so after the bill comes out u pay $10. It will be. Ice to have family dinner or luncheon but as a craving satisfying bowl, id def go to the mall.
Omg!!!  I am a huge fan of beef noodles and cold skin noodles and I almost tried every beef noodles in the city!!  By far this is the most authentic flavor.. Next month when my family comes I'll bring them there ==Love transparent kitchen and clean environment .  Definitely coming back soon~~
Chewy, hand-pulled noodles, aromatic and flavorful broth, and juicy tender beef on top of a polite staff, clean restaurant, and free tea! This may be the best noodle soup i've had for 7 dollars!
Ordered the Lamb Noodles - noodles were on point. The broth was very flavorful.The cucumbers and spicy garlic sauce was ight.Def going to try the other noodles next time.
I had the spicy braised noodle soup and it was delicious!  Just the right amount of heat without it being overbearing.  Portions were okay, a lot more noodles than stuff to go with it.  Overall, the meal was affordable.  Took a star off because of lackluster service.  Our waiter didn't speak any english and when we asked for 2 cups of tea and 2 cups of water we got 1 cup of hot water and a cold cup of tea...
Awesome food, need hire more server,waitress worked really hard and the guy was obviously new. Will consider back again because the food.
I was skeptical of the 4.5 stars but my parents wanted to try this place out anyway. I'm sure you can see my by 3 stars, that the 4.5 is too good to be true.On Saturday at 12:30 (prime lunch time), it wasn't very busy. We ordered the potato salad, beef noodle soup, lamb noodle soup, and "zha jiang" noodles. The potato salad was okay.. Didn't have any strong taste. The noodles are decent. However, the soup for both bowls were not only luke warm, not hot as it's supposed to be, but also kind of bland. The sauce for the zha jiang noodles again was too mild. Nothing really stood out about this place. The lan Zhou noodles at New World Mall definitely beats this place by a lot.Service is overall decent, I guess. However, the waitress didn't speak English; thought that was a bit odd.. she didn't understand me when I was ordering thick noodles.
I've tried Lanzhou beef noodle in so many places before but neither of them are from Lanzhou China. My friend recommended this new place and I decided to give a try. I ordered beef soup noodle and lamp  chops, after my first bite I almost scream out! This is it! I finally find it!
One star taken off for the service, we waited just a few minutes too long to be acknowledged. I think they were short staffed so not their fault. But once someone approached us, it was smooth sailing and entrees came out very quickly. Fried lamb chops were amazing, along with the dry spices that came on the side. I had to ask to take some of the cumin run home bc it was so delicious. Also ordered the fungus mushroom in vinegar sauce. It was really good for a quick appetizer but def put some more vinegar on (on the table). We both ordered the prime beef house soup with regular noodles. SO GOOD. they ran out of the lamb that could be added on the soup, but it was alright. So refreshing. The boyfriend added chili sauce to make his spicier but I loved the refreshing taste of mine sans the spicy kick. Very worth it for a quick dinner!
THE BEST CHINESE NOODLES RESTAURANT!!! Love it the Lanzhou Beef Noodles soooooo much! The service is excellent! They are really friendly!!! Fully recommend all to come here!!! You will never regret!!!
This little spot has perfect beef noodle soup just like the one in China. After I have eaten cheap fake Lan Zhou beef noodle for years, I finally found this place which have authentic beef noodle. Even my parents who were a little picky about Chinese food also like this place. The price is little higher than other beef noodle soup place but still reasonable. I am so happy they accept credit card since usually I won't carry cash. The location is not very convenience but that's ok
Everything are delicious. The Lanzhou noodle is the best. Must try !!!!! The owner is so nice and friendly. Have a great time there.
This is the rare Chinese restaurant that has the whole package: delicious food, clean, and well-decorated. I've only had the classic beef noodle and it was tasty with hearty flavors and fresh noodles (good chew). I really like their attention to detail in the utensils: long, elegant chopsticks and soup noodle spoons that don't get lost in the large bowl. I almost never see this kind of care taken in Chinese places, and it leaves a great impression of the restaurant and the food as a whole.
The Noodle with sweet & spicy sauce is the best!! The soup base is very flavorful and the beef I added in the noodles was very tender. The niangpi is good too if you like cold noodles with peanut sauce. I am definitely coming back!
Delicious noodle soups, healthy, and inexpensive. Also, this is one of the few restaurants from this Northern Chinese province. The soups are a bit similar to the Vietnamese Pho, they have lamb dishes, the everthing tastes freshly made.
I love the noodles here. I am so hooked on it that I can't help to keep coming back every weekend even though it take me 45 min to get there!
Excellent and authentic. I was in Lanzhou last summer and this place is for "real". Both noodle and broth are just right. I finished my bowl to the last drop.
Probably the only authentic lanzhou noodle place in the whole New York city. Chewy noodle, clear broth yet rich in flavor. Add some chili oil and vinegar, you will not regret coming to this place. Forget about golden mall, new world mall or any other place that acclaim they have authentic lanzhou style noodle, because this is THE place to beat. And this is the only place truly resemble noodle you can have in Lanzhou, China.
love the chewy noodles & beef noodle broth. didn't really like the cold eggplant appetizer but the fungus w. vinegar one was good. the lamb burgers were great tho, had the right amount of spice. service is alright.
The spicy lamb burger hits the spot - the right amount of spice and not greasy. Would only recommend putting in more filling, doesn't seem to be enough for the size of the bun.
The noodles are great! Very good flavor. One of the best Chinese noodle places in Flushing. We will definitely come back again. The environment is comfortable and their customer service is awesome!
If you are looking for a good meal at a low price look no further. My boyfriend and I both ordered the braised beef soup and it was delicious!!!
Definitely the most solid Lam Zhou noodle place in flushing -- get the cumin lamb burger (less greasy than Xi an famous foods), the zha jiang noodles, and the beef noodle soups. (Also all the meaty lamb dishes are solid too!)
Awesome amazing noodle bowl. I got the duck with beef broth. So good. big portion too and the noodles are chewy and hit the spot. The chili oil is a must with a few splashes of vinegar too. really good cheap food.
I ordered beef noodle soup and my husband had the spicy beef noodle soup . Both tasted good! The soup was delicious and the noodle was tasting good too unlike some places soup taste good but noodle tasteless. We also ordered cucumber and fries with spicy sauce both were good too. Place was clean, noodle came fast. Will come again!
Really love their eggplant salad! It really helps to comfort my homesick..Beef Noodle Soup are not bad or I should say their hand pulled noodle soup are very authentic, not like over 90% so-called Lanzhou hand pulled noodle soup in American market are actually made by Fujianese people..
This restaurant has great atmosphere. I would describe it as clean, comfortable and welcoming. The food are authentic based on my experience eating in Lanzhou city. My favorite dishes are Lanzhou hand-pulled noodle, spicy cumin lamb burger and lamb chop. In addition, the waiters and waitresses are friendly and pleasant to speak to.
I will preface this review by making it clear that I am not a noodle fanatic. My wife and I went there after reading a few reviews by fellow yelpers. The restaurant is definitely clean and well laid out. It was very thoughtful to have the kitchen open to see the chefs making the noodles by hand. We ordered the beef noodles, cumin lamb burger, and eggplant side. The food was good, however could have used more flavor in my humble opinion. The establishment was fairly empty while we were eating and it took quite sometime before our tea was refilled. I think that this restaurant has a bright future if they can place more focus on customer service and highlight more about what makes their food unique.
Very nice restaurant, appetizers also tasty, only one thing not feel really good is they accept card over $20. I decide to go again this week:-P
Just went Lanzhou beef noodle for lunch. We tried so many different things, thanks to the huge party size - we loved almost everything, especially the eggplant salad, bitter gourd (it might be a personal thing), liangpi (凉皮 - there are two kinds and they are both good) - those appetizers are insanely cheap and yummy. For warm dishes, my fav include the egg rolls with pork inside, as well as the sweet and sour pork. My friends are a big fan of the lamb chops, both fried and steam versions. Give this new restaurant a try.
Freshly made hand drawn noodles, compliments sliced beef with daikon radish in a clear clean tasting broth wonderfully. The menu items are limited, however don't deter you from trying this place. Ordered spicy cold noodles which was not saturated with sauce yet supplied an ample of taste for satisfaction. The eggplant salad which was marinated with garlic and a soy sauce base was delicious as well.
Just went there a few days ago and already craving!! Didn't really pay attention to the service, but the food was so goood. It was worth it for the price, which is really inexpensive, but the beef noodle taste a lot like Vietnamese Pho just missing a stronger broth flavor. Their cold noodle appetizer was DELICIOUS and was my favorite. Very inexpensive great place to try. Would come back if it was a little closer but worth the distance for someone who can make time for it.
I am from Lanzhou,  really recommend this restaurant, so delicious and it's almost same! Love this place and will come back again
Great hand pulled lamb and other Lanzhou dishes! I visited this today and had the chance to order different lambs, cold rice noodle, it's great.
Excellent fresh noodles and delicious broth that's not too oily. Such a pleasant surprise with how good it was.
There are hundreds of Japanese Ramen places in New York City and many are highly regarded.  The original ramen from China seemed to have become a lost art, well, after I had tried tens of Chinese ramen places. Until today, a straight 5 stars of quality, flavor, and perfection that woke up my long lost memory of the taste from a grand master noodle place (said to be the most authentic from hundreds years ago) that I had about 20 years ago, that's the impression after taking the first bite.  As I licked the spoon after the last drop of soup, I thought, the taste matches, yet, the perfection and quality top the best of what I had, and I fortunately had the chance to try the best Chinese ramen in many cities in Asia. The environment is very clean with open kitchen separated by glass (you can see the chef smiling back at you). Staffs are friendly and professional. Parking in the nearby municipal lot is convenient.Highly recommend this place.
Authentic hand crafted noodle, with traditional original beef soup!!! Remind me of what I had back in Lanzhou! Love the slowly stewed lamb! Burger with spicy lamb is also very impressive. I'd say this is the place to go for authentic northwestern style Chinese cuisine. So far the best in NY. Hygienic environment, and extremely friendly staff. Wonderful experience! No doubt will bring in more friends and family here!
The menu is small but they're supposedly known for the hand-pulled noodles.  I didn't know until after, so I had ordered something else.  You would only have to wait about 5-10 min before your food arrives.  Quick but I wish I had more attention at the end when I wanted to ask for the check.
This is a great spot with yummy noodles and small dishes that are unique to the northwest of China. The interior and bathrooms are very clean, you can see the whole kitchen operation through the glass. I loved the classic noodle soup and lamb chops, as well as the small dishes like eggplant. I can't wait for this place to expand to Manhattan so I can go more often!
I'm a huge fan of authentic Lanzhou beef noodle, and I've been looking for it every time I go to NYC. To my disappointment,  none of the other lanzhou noodle shops in the area are even close to being authentic. This restaurant saves the day by presenting the same Lanzhou noodles that I've had in China. As soon as the noodles are presented in front of us, I could feel that this is it. The noodles, the soup, the radish, the greens, everything is textbook Lanzhou style. If you love the real Lanzhou noodles from China, look no further, because this restaurant finally got it right.
the noodle is very chewy. must try! the cold noodle is hella delicious!But their appetizer, buns and burgers aren't that good.
