If you're looking to satisfy your craving for kebabs, but also feel like being a cheapo, this is the place for you!For about 10 bucks (or less!), you can get a super hearty meal with any protein of your choice, or you can even mix it up. I got the lamb kebab and beef kofta platter ($10), which comes with a total of 2 skewers of meat, a lot of brown rice, and a salad on the side. The lamb was super tender and delicious, and the beef was just as delicious! The food was certainly plentiful and left me more than satisfied. Definitely got the most bang for my buck!The place is far from fancy, and is more like an Afghan fast food joint where they have a variety of options besides kebabs such as cheeseburgers, wings, fries, etc. There's also a small parking lot right in front of the restaurant (enough for 5-6 cars).CASH ONLY!
AMAZING authentic food, great service, has a very homey/family feel to it. Definitely recommend and will definitely be coming back, with friends.
I rarely write reviews, but I had to for the horrible service I received here. I mad an order over the phone and the total was supposed to be $42 but the guy said our total is $54. We asked him to explain and he just yelled and shouted over the phone and hung up on us twice. I then went recently, and the guy overcharge us by 2 dollars , even after tax was included. the food is great but I would rather go to Bakhtar where the service and food is better.
This place is a nice place to try out if you are craving some really delish BBQ pizza! The workers are great and the food is always prepared fast and fresh. Their BBQ wings are also a great option if you are by. This is definitely a small place with not the strongest aesthetic but the food really is satisfying!
Top 3 Afghan places in queens as far as quality of food goes! And they have halal pizza!!! A must try!Only downfall is there service is horrible! They don't believe in any customer service whatsoever
Best Afghan food in Queens hands down. Rice is very flavorful, chicken is juicy, and the lamb is so so tender it's unreal! Try their keema pizza it has minced meat and the slice is huge. Their buffalo chicken pizza is also great. Basically nothing bad to say here.
No frills restaurant.  Rice was soft, beef and lamb kofta was cooked and spiced just right.  Staff was very nice and accommodating.  Would definitely return and recommend to anyone in the mood for Afghan food.  Most of their menu options are ~$9.99, worth it.
Extremely unprofessional. I placed phone order and confirmed a 10 minute pickup. I arrived on time and the place was locked as the guys decided to pray. I waited 15 minutes outside and when the place re opened I found out that the guy didn't even write down my order which was simply#9. Never heard of such childish unprofessionalism.
They are specificall for burgers. I would tell excellent food but service 60 % they should need more quickly  service. Mahbub Hossain
Good service and kabobs. For the price, it's definitely worth a try. I believe this was under 10$!!
Don't place an order online or for takeout. They will rip you off. The owner is a thief. He gave me the order I placed on Yelp without telling me he left things out. Later, when I returned to the restaurant to let him know, he blamed the website's pricing was off then tried to shake me down for cash if I wanted the rest of my order that I had already paid for online.There are many better alternatives like Bakhter Kababs in Fresh Meadows that are honest and taste better than this trash establishment.
Amazing kababs. Their beef tikkas are delicious. Try their samosas also, those tasted great. A hidden  gem.  Definitely recomended.
The kababs are really good there. Friendly staffs. Prices are reasonable and portions are good.
Aria kabab is a staple in kew gardens hills. It's location is perfect because it's right underneath the neighborhood mosque! Everything is halal and just delicious. They have afghan cuisine, your typical rice and kababs with meats according to your preference. They also serve some amazing sandwiches, burgers and a super delicious pizza. It is an extremely clean restaurant and they have added a customer restroom inside the restaurant as well. There are plenty of tables to sit but it's more of a casual sit in so if you're not looking to just hang out and eat, take out may be the way to go. Either way, it's a gem in the neighborhood and the staff is really very kind. Having halal food so close to home is always a blessing.
Great food. I love the chicken and lamb. There chicken shawarma is really good as well. The Afghani bread is so delicous and they make the meat fresh. I love their food, have been eating here since 2012, I highly recommend their food.Muhammed
Food is always great the only problem is the timing, the food takes forever to come out so try ordering before hand on the phone.Don't forget to try their  buffalo chicken pizza
I had another chicken tikka craving today so we ordered from Aria. Used grubhub against yelpers recommendation not to and everything worked out just fine. i think they probably worked out all the issues since that review. Its still yummy as ever and my son tried their chicken shawarma wrap this time. I dont know if this thing qualifies as a wrap. They need to invent a new word to describe this monsterously gigantic creation. My son can eat and eat and eat and he could not finish this wrap. That's a first! Well worth ordering if you are especially hungry and even good to eat on the go. It was assembled well and did not fall apart despite its size.
We mostly order take outs from this place. The food is fresh and service is friendly. Chicken tikka over rice is the best.They take orders on the phone so call ahead to save time!
Not that special. Food tastes average. The chicken was the only good thing. Bakhtar is still the best hands down!!
Omfg. Okay so the place is nothing fancy. But the food is SO GOOD. 5 stars for the food, 3 for the interior. It was nice and clean though which was a plus. Try the chicken cheese philly sandwich thang and the rice with chicken kabab (#7 I believe.) the zesty fries were a good appetizer too. Everything for about 20 bucks and more than enough for 2 people lol.
I live near by and came to this place not worrying about the staff being friendly, even was expecting rude. All the reviews said it was good food bit bad service. I was looking for good food.I went inside and asked for the chicken tikka and was immediatly greeted very warmly by a Hispanic gentleman. The gentleman behind the counter said it would be about 7 minutes for my order. I overheard him tell someone else it was his 2nd day working their. When my food came out he even asked me how many white sauces and hot sauces I needed(my order was to go). THE FOOD- absolutely delicious..might even be a 5/5, but im stingy on giving out fives.I found a new spot.
Ive had Aria's food a number of times.. it's always been DELICIOUS! Their platter food is good but their specialty pizza is where its at in my opinion. They have good wings as well.
Found this place on yelp at first I was skeptical about ordering and I was more than happy I did.. It was the best chicken and rice I ever had!! I definitely recommend this place.  I ordered Tikka Kababs over rice and salad I also ordered a side of hummus.. Everything was made Fresh!!! Definitely try the white sauce it comes with and the Green chutney sauce it's all amazing.. The guy behind the counter was friendly and the store itself is very clean!!!
4 stars because the food is consistently good but the service is a work in progress. They're always so overwhelmed with catering orders that in store service can take a loooong time. But everything I've had there is good - pizza, kebabs, burgers. Worth the wait.
Aria Kabob is the worst. I called to place a catering order and the guy over the phone hung up on me and had a very nasty attitude. All the prices that are listed on their menu online are less than the prices they quote when you call them. Complete rip off and horrible service. Save yourself the headache and go to Bakhtar instead.
Phenomenal food. I usually get the chicken kufta and tikka and it is very good. Everything is cooked well as well as the rice. Staff is friendly and it takes less than ten minutes to get the order. The price for the food is less than $10 which is very convenient since they give a sizebale portion of rice, chciken, white sauce, and salad. Best halal food in this area!
I really really like this place. It has a lot going for it and is much better than its predecessor Mirage. It's just down the road from queens college and near plenty of street parking. The entire menu is top notch and fairly priced. The pizza is very good and always fresh. The homemade burger is spiced to perfection and is melt in your mouth tender. All the Kabobs are delicious too, especially the kofta kabob. The fish sandwich and lamb over rice are also very good.  They also have the best green sauce I have ever had. Furthermore, they have a huge drink (non-alcoholic) selection including a frozen drink machine. Try the strawberry it's outstanding. The owner and his son are both awesome guys. They are so friendly and always a pleasure to talk with while I wait for my delicious take-out. They are both former tennis players, and as a huge fan myself, I always enjoy talking with them about that! All in all this place is probably the best restaurant in the neighborhood.
4/15 Upping it up to 5 stars again. Food has been ON POINT. 11/1/14 Update: I had to change my review from 5 stars to 3. It seems like they are under new management. If that is true, that explains it. Yesterday, our order of cheeseburgers did NOT have cheese. My chicken hero was not on a hero, but on a burger bun. Also, I ended up throwing the entire "sandwich" out because the chicken wasn't cooked. Disgusting and a waste of money. Because of my prior positive experiences, I may have to give them another chance. I just need time to recover. ---------------------------------------------------Aria Kabab has become our new favorite takeout place. Originally we would always pick up food from Bakthar but then decided to try Aria one day. Best decision ever made. This place has been our Ramadan staple. We kept a menu and we always call in our orders in advance and then usually pick them up if we are out and about. They do deliver, so when we inquired about having food delivered to our house (we live about 30 blocks away) they were more than happy to, and did. We just needed to give them some extra time, which was completely fine. Some things that we have gotten that we love:- 8 ounce cheeseburger- Grilled chicken sandwich/hero- Rice and kabob platters- Buffalo chicken pizza- Philly cheesesteak- Chicken parmOverall, a great place to takeout. They are fast and food is delicious!
Yea, l'd like to be clear that the food was really really delicious but the service was really bad. The guy was rude to me and my friends which really ruined the whole experience for me. He was annoyed that I wanted a container to go to bring my leftovers home...
Rude people with nasty attitude... Only nice if they are not busy or u can speak their language .... If u order on line they will reduced your food quantity or weight.Food taste is good but no business sense.
Not a terrible place to go for food because it is flavorful and filling. Everything was well made and timely. Not the best place to go because the meats are a little over cooked. not the cleanest place to go and eat. The staff seem a little unwelcoming, and but they do try to make the experience a little better. They definitely have a large variety of food to choose from, and it is actually better than most places of Afghan cuisine.
Aways take out from this place and call in order before arriving because it takes some time to make. Food is always fresh and tastes AMAZING. Favorite is the chicken tikkah over rice. The Lamb is also really good
This place had great food, i always  get the chicken  burger. The samosas hummus the fresh bread kabab's everything  is good the only thing is they don't  always  get the order right, I'm  not sure why but something is always  wrong with the order but my family  loves the food so we don't  mind it we still eat it.
Food was good and they had a variety of fast food but also had grown up food too.  They stayed open longer which was great because the guests only eat halal and had small children
Tried Chapli kebab and Spaghetti with meat ball , chapli kebab was nice but spaghetti lol I won't call it spaghetti that was more like risotto . They don't have the real spaghetti so if you want to try risotto then try it else waste of bucks . Cheers
Their food is on point, but the people who work there are bunch of ignorant, uncivilized, primitive people. They are nice to some people they know, but for the rest of us they will behave as if they are doing us a favor, and we are wasting their time.People go out to eat for the taste, yes, but for the service as well, and the owner of this restaurant fails to understand that basic concept.The restaurant is listed on the GrubHub, but you will get yelled at if you ever make the mistake of ordering through GrubHub. They have different prices on different websites, and the price you actually pay at the store is always the most expensive one.Bottom line: A good place to enjoy good food as long as you don't mind being treated like an inmate. But for me, I will be on the hunt for an alternative.
FRIENDLY STAFF(sometimes lol) I like their pizza and chicken over rice! thats all i buy there, i really like when i call for a pickup, they will tell you the exact time to pick it up!!! KEEP IT UP GUYS!!!
Called on the phone to make an order for delivery because their menu said "we deliver" and the guy started yelling at me in the most nastiest way saying "NO DELIVERY, GUY NOT HERE!!!!" and then hung up. Horrible horrible horrible service, avoid at all costs, you're better off going to McDonald's down the street.
i usually go and eat inside, one of my favorite places in the area, the food is always well prepared, fresh, and delicious. the staff is friendly and the prices are great, so i fully recommend the place.
Ordered twice from there with a total of about $90 in various food samplings.  I can attest that the food is tasty and the portions are decent.
This place is amazing. The food takes a little long to prepare but everything on the menu TASTES AMAZING. You can get a discount if you order in bulk. Highly recommend this place over Bakhtar.
Fat Peter rating system. as follows: STARS- standard yelpCHANCE I WILL BE BACK- YESWhy I went  - friends lives near hereHad Homemade Hummus with homemade afghan bread.  so good I almost joined their religion and joined the cause.  start a jihad (very good)Chicken wrap was good. not phemoincal but good enough i be back good experience.
I have eaten here couple of times and to be fair,it's not a four star restaurant. Max would be three star.
Very good Afghani food. The service was friendly and price was just right. We ordered the chicken and lamb tikka and the chicken and beef kafta. Both were excellent!
I use to love this place their food is just great! However their customer service skills are horrible. I use to eat food here almost every day. I had even told my wife to give them a good tip, and they still treat u like bad.
Stayed near by and decided to check it out. Got the chicken shawarma wrap for $5.99...it was excellent. The person at the counter was cool and the place was clean. Will be back next time I'm in town.
I remember back in the day when I had free time on my hands, I would drive out to aria all the way from long island to satisfy my craving for afghan food. friendly service and quick too
The staff is friendly, attentive, and helpful. The menu is quite extensive, with a wide variety of choices. Everything I've tried from pizza to chicken over rice has been good. Their hot sauce is delicious...green but nonetheless amazing! I will be back to try more dishes!
Simple place that you wouldn't really go looking for... But you should, excellent kofta kabob, deliciously seasoned with a hint of heat too, really good food. Service was super friendly and willing to talk to you about the foods and what to get. Definitely a place to try if you're in the area.
I work in the neighborhood and this is by far our favorite spot to go to. Don't let the meager decor fool you - this place makes some seriously good food. Their kebabs are first rate, cooked fresh to order, and are consistently excellent. My favorite is the combo that comes with both chicken tikka and chicken kafta.  Any kebab you get, be sure to add on the carrots and raisins. I love that stuff so much that it's gotten to a point where I get double orders of it on my kebab.  The authentic Afghan bread that comes with the kebabs is also excellent.  Don't forget to ask for both the green and white sauces, both of which go wonderfully with the kebabs. Go here and you will not be disappointed.  The service is always super friendly and welcoming, which makes it a great experience every time we go.
Just like it says when you choose how many stars you want to give "meh. I've experienced better" from a local stand point I would not go here again rather go to bakhtar halal kabob.. Based on my experience the good was raw the white sauce was watery and the rice was hard.. Second experience went for the pizza horrible tasted old.. I would give it 1 star but I did not because the place looked nice ad clean.. And the guy at the register was nice although I could not understand him
Recently I tried the Kabuli palow and chicken tikka and lamb it's amazing the pizza is amazing the sauce is just unique they Just added two machines extra for other varieties of food since this store has been opened for just a while they improved dramatically I an very picky but this is by far the best the seasonin and quality is good and those customer service is good
The only thing I like about this place is the homemade burger, it's delicious just the right flavor.  But for the kebab I still give my vote to bakhter the one across the street from Bombay theater
I've tried the following dishes in the past at Aria and I enjoyed them all thoroughly. - Regular Burger - Spicy Buffalo pizza- Kabab with Qabili Pallow- Garlic Bread Rolls- Kashmiri Green Tea with CardamonThe Kashmiri chai is a very softened version of the Indian/Pakistani Chai because it's made with green tea. It's very soothing and doesn't have a lot of caffeine.  The burger was really nice, and rather huge. They add some subtle spices to it but it's not too much so you can feel the nice flavor of a burger. It's really big though.  The pizza has a nice dough, light, and the ingredients seem to be of good quality. The spicy buffalo wings in it were very flavorful.  The Kabab and Qabili pallow was good, I'd save a bit above average but has a nice authentic Afghani taste to it.The place is clean and the owner is very friendly. I highly recommend this place.PS. As of this review they take only cash at the store and they said they're working on their credit card system.
zero stars. called for an order for pickup. was quoted 15 minutes.  showed up 25 minutes later. reconfirmed my order. asked them where my order was 45 minutes after ordering. they had not started it. don't waste your time. DO NOT GIVE THIS PLACE YOUR BUSINESS!
This is more a takeout than eat-in place, but it's really clean and the kebabs are insanely good.  To make things even, better, they deliver!  I got beef tikka kebabs, rice, bread, and salad for 7.50.  They have a pretty extensive kebab menu and they also sell pizza and shawarma.  I've only had the kebabs because they are so good, I don't want to order anything else..
Have had a thing for Afghani food ever since I had some at a friend's place. Decided to try out this place. We went with take out, although they do have seating available. The place was nice and tidy. The guy at the counter was very friendly. We ordered a combo platter (for 6 adults) and chapli kabab, so that we could try out the variety. The kababs and rice were out of the world, both lamb and chicken kababs. The guy even offered a free cup of soup, which was also good. The food quantity was great, everyone was well fed and there was still food left. Will definitely be going there again, or maybe we'll see if they can deliver to our place which would be great.
